===== 2025 Q1  (2025-01-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Eric Wasserstrom, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Wasserstrom: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. I'm Eric Wasserstrom, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Tim Wentworth, our Chief Executive Officer, and Manmohan Mahajan, Global Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mary Langowski, Executive Vice President and President of Walgreens Health, Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Walgreens Chief Pharmacy Officer, and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail, Chief Customer Officer, will participate in the Q&A. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide two and outlined in our latest Form 10-Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. You can find our press release and slides referenced in this call in the Investor Relations section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and the reconciliations are set forth in the press release. You may also refer to the slides posted in the Investors section of our website for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed during this earnings call. We encourage you to review the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation to non-GAAP values in the other earnings materials we provided. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We've started the fiscal year by making progress against our financial and strategic priorities, despite the challenging backdrop for our consumer. Our operating earnings in the period were driven by cost management initiatives and relative strength in our US pharmacy services businesses, offsetting weakness in our front-end retail business as we work to respond to changing consumer behavior. Among the outcomes we achieved this quarter, in US pharmacy, we maintained script market share. Our international business continued to show strong returns, and our US healthcare segment contributed somewhat above expectations on a combination of revenue growth and cost control. Importantly, we started to progress on the opportunities that we consider essential to our longer-term turnaround. At the end of fiscal 2024, we identified four areas of long-term focus, and one quarter into the current financial year, we are executing against these targets. Let me spend a few minutes walking you through each. The cornerstone of our turnaround is stabilizing the US retail pharmacy business, and we showed progress across several key planks of this plan. We've begun our footprint optimization program and are pleased with the early results. We're currently exceeding historical script retention rates and have retained the majority of store and pharmacy team members. We expect to significantly ramp the pace of our store closures from the first quarter level. As a reminder, we have a lot of experience with store closures, having closed about 2,000 locations over the past decade. That said, to handle the stepped-up pace for the next three years, we've assembled a dedicated team to focus exclusively on the end-to-end process to improve upon our historical results. This team has already sequenced the next approximate 450 store closures, and at this point, we have a high degree of confidence in the execution of this process through the end of 2025. Naturally, we expect our future footprint to support stronger performance. Currently, we see comparable front-end sales in our retained store fleet outperforming those stores slated to close this year by approximately 250 basis points, and comparable pharmacy scripts by approximately 390 basis points. To be clear, even within our future footprint, we have to execute on our longer-term merchandising and consumer engagement initiatives in order to grow. However, this data supports our view that the smaller footprint will be a healthier one for our company. Also critical to our retail turnaround is our employee experience. Across the enterprise, we are refining the way we forecast, allocate, and schedule labor in our stores. Beginning with about 200 stores this month, we're launching new scheduling optimization logic to better deliver on the in-store experience for our customers, patients, and team members. The solution deploys labor based on store-specific demand patterns while also accounting for team member availability and preferences. We've received positive feedback from our initial pilot and are excited to roll this logic out to the chain later this year. Winning in pharmacy requires superb operating leverage, so we are also taking steps to improve our pharmacy operations. You may remember at the start of last year, we talked about a pause in the rollout of our micro-fulfillment centers to optimize productivity and better engineer our patient and team member experience. This work has yielded successful results. Our MFCs currently serve about 4,800 stores, and shipped volumes from these centers are up 23% year on year, while cost to fill is down by 13%. These improvements allow our pharmacists to spend more time on patient care and clinical services, expanding the critical role they provide. For example, stores supported by MFCs were able to administer more vaccines and complete more medication therapy management for our patients, payers, and B2B customers. Looking forward, there's still more work to do to expand this across our national footprint and further lower our operating costs on a per-script basis. In addition to improving our pharmacy operating model, a key priority has been to reframe the reimbursement discussion with our partners to focus on fair value for our services. As an update to last quarter, we have now completed all of the contract negotiations for calendar 2025, and the nature of these conversations has evolved. We've had success in adjusting contract dynamics in our negotiations with our commercial, Medicare, and Medicaid plans, such as rebalancing brands and generics, and carving out new categories for high-cost drugs, all in response to the evolving needs of customers and better align reimbursement with our cost of goods. We are also expanding discussions about being compensated for additional services beyond dispensing and promoting alternative payment models. Notwithstanding our progress, there's still much more that needs to be done over the next several years. Our goal is to serve as many patients and communities as possible, but this is dependent on being reimbursed fairly so that we can maintain our presence as a healthcare provider across the country. It is also our goal to become a market leader in drug procurement. We are working to ensure that we are procuring drugs at the most competitive price and continue to engage with our partners at Syncora. We are making incremental progress in these discussions as we work towards a more long-term solution. Turning now to our third priority, the turnaround of our consumer retail business. Our consumer remains under pressure from accumulated inflation and higher interest rates, and we are seeing continued value-seeking and channel-shifting behavior. Additionally, the warmer season impacted our first-quarter results with reduced respiratory incidences and the associated baskets with those trips contributing to about half of our retail decline versus last year. As we look to effectuate a broader repositioning of our retail business, we're responding to these conditions in real-time. Some of our actions, like recent changes in our targeted approach to managing store inventory, have been successful, and our in-stock rate is the highest it's been in over four years. We are also modernizing the tools we use for assortment optimization to have the right item in the right store to create a customer-centric assortment. We began to introduce new products as a part of our health and well-being-focused growth strategy, specifically in categories such as women's wellness, superfoods, and sports nutrition. We also continue to pursue own-brand penetration, which is up 75 basis points in the first quarter to 17.8%. Coming into this year, we targeted introducing about 300 new owned brand products and have introduced approximately 60 in the first quarter. As it relates to the evolution of our consumer experience, we are further leveraging our omnichannel capabilities such as home delivery and virtual care to meet evolving consumer preferences. Walgreens has offered same-day prescription delivery nationwide for more than three years, and delivery within two hours from approximately 800 stores. We also offer virtual care in 30 states, available to nearly 90% of the US population. While we expect home delivery to continue to grow across retail and healthcare, we view it as one component of many touchpoints with our customers, including in-store, drive-through, and online. In summary, we are progressing a number of elements of our retail strategy. While we are seeing early green shoots, we still have substantial work to do here. Turning to our non-core assets, we are underway with the sale process for Village Medical, while continuing to evaluate the best options for Summit CityMD. We are encouraged by the leadership of new CEO, healthcare veteran Jim Murray. To be clear, our ultimate intent to exit is unchanged, and we remain committed to redeploying any proceeds to reduce our net debt and improve the health of our balance sheet. Importantly, we improved free cash flow this quarter with decreased capital expenditures and higher adjusted operating income, excluding the non-cash impact of sale leasebacks. Longer-term generation of positive cash flow remains a key priority for us in the context of litigation, opioid payments, debt, and our current dividend. Continued progress on cash flow will require meaningful action and focus. In conclusion, we've shown progress on our priorities over the past quarter. And while we have a lot of work ahead of us, this progress underpins our belief in delivering a successful turnaround. I will now turn it over to Manmohan to review our financial results.
Manmohan Mahajan: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Overall, first-quarter results were better than our expectations. Sales increased 6.9% on a constant currency basis with growth across all segments. Adjusted EPS of $0.51 declined 23% year over year and on a constant currency basis. This decline was entirely driven by prior year sale leaseback gains and lower Syncora equity income. Absent these two factors, continued cost discipline in US retail pharmacy, and growth across US healthcare and international businesses were partly offset by challenging US retail market trends. GAAP net earnings for the first quarter included after-tax charges of $252 million related to the footprint optimization program, and $152 million non-cash charge related to fair value adjustments on variable prepay forward derivatives related to monetization Syncora shares. Now let me cover the US retail pharmacy segment. Comparable sales grew 8.5% driven by pharmacy, and partly offset by a decline in retail sales. The footprint optimization program negatively impacted total sales during the quarter. AOI decreased 36% versus the prior year quarter, including a $184 million headwind related to prior year sale leaseback gains and lower Syncora equity income. Absent these impacts, AOI declined due to lower retail sales, partly offset by continued cost discipline. Despite a $160 million headwind from prior year sale leaseback gains, adjusted SG&A was flat to last year. This cost improvement was largely driven by our initiatives to modernize our store-level demand forecasting and labor deployment tools. Let me now cover US Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 12.7% driven by brand inflation and script volume, partly offset by lower vaccine volume. Comm scripts excluding immunizations grew 3.5% in the quarter, and we held script market share. Pharmacy services performed better than our expectations during the quarter. As higher margin for COVID-19 vaccines was offset by the lower overall vaccine market volume due to the weaker cough, cold, and flu season. Pharmacy adjusted gross margin declined versus the prior year quarter, negatively impacted by brand inflation and mix impacts, and net reimbursement pressure. NEDAC changes in November did not have any material impact on the gross profit in the quarter. Turning next to our US retail business. Comparable retail sales declined 4.6% in the quarter, which was lower than our expectations. Our two key drivers. Third-party data shows flu, cold, and respiratory activity over 40% lower compared to the prior year, which paired with the warm weather through November led to a much softer cough, cold, and flu season. This dynamic negatively impacted comparable retail sales approximately 270 bps in the quarter, including the impact from the attached basket, which was about half of the comp sales decline. Second, the consumer backdrop also remains difficult, with the promotional environment and continued channel shift impacting our discretionary categories. Retail adjusted gross margin declined year over year, negatively impacted by pricing and promotions, as well as lower sales related to cough, cold, and flu. Turning next to the international segment, and as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. Total sales grew 6.5% with Germany wholesale increase 11.3% and Boots UK up 4.5%. Segment adjusted gross profit increased 3% with growth across all businesses. Adjusted operating income was up 16% led by a strong retail performance in Boots UK and growth in Germany, partly offset by cost inflation and technology investments. Let's now cover Boots UK in detail. Boots UK continues to perform well. Comp retail sales increased 8.1% with gains across all categories. Boots.com sales increased 23% year on year, aided by a strong Black Friday performance, and represented 22% of our UK retail sales. Turning next to US Healthcare. Sales of $2.2 billion increased 12% compared to the prior year quarter. VillageMD sales of $1.6 billion grew 9% year on year despite the impact of clinic closures and fee-per-service revenue. The increase was driven by growth in full-risk lives. Shield sales were up 30% driven by growth within existing partnerships. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $70 million, up sequentially and an improvement of $109 million compared to last year, reflecting the growth at VillageMD and Shields. Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow in the quarter was negatively impacted by the seasonal inventory build in the US, UK, and Germany, and legal payments of $137 million. Year-over-year free cash flow improvement benefited from decreased capital expenditures and higher adjusted operating income excluding sale leaseback, which does not impact free cash flow. We remain on track to achieve $500 million in working capital initiatives and are currently ahead of our target for a $150 million reduction in capital expenditures. While we do see opportunity for further reduction in capex, we have plans for investment later this year in our stores and technology to support them. During the first quarter, we reduced our lease obligations by $652 million. We remain committed to improving our cash flow generation and net debt position through a combination of operational actions and asset monetization activities. As Tim alluded to, we also continue to evaluate the appropriateness and size of our dividend as part of our capital allocation policy. Our priority for fiscal 2025 is to stabilize our core performance while we make progress on the longer-term strategic and operational turnaround. Our progress to date is reflected in our reaffirmed adjusted EPS guidance of $1.40 to $1.80. We continue to execute on cost savings inclusive of our footprint optimization program. We continue to expect $100 million in AOI benefit from the footprint optimization program with working capital benefits and sale proceeds from own locations significantly higher than cash closure costs. We are also encouraged by pharmacy services results to date. We believe the impact of lower than originally expected vaccines volume to be offset by higher margin on COVID vaccines. The recently announced NADA changes are expected to be less than a $50 million negative impact on pharmacy margin for the remainder of the year, versus our original expectations. However, as we think about the rest of the year, there remain certain risks to our outlook as well. The weaker cough, cold, flu season and continued challenging consumer discretionary spending are impacting our outlook. We now expect retail comp sales for fiscal 2025 to decline approximately 4% to 5% compared to our prior outlook of down 2% to 3%. The first quarter results are encouraging, we are maintaining our guidance range considering the challenging US retail environment. With that, let me pass it back to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Manmohan. Before I open the call up for Q&A, let me leave you with a few closing thoughts. Our first quarter results demonstrate that we are executing against our long-term strategic priorities. Importantly, we believe our approach to 2025 payer contracting supports our expectation for future stabilization in our pharmacy business, and we're still in the early stages of getting to a better outcome on our drug procurement costs. We're also executing on items that are in our control. The initial wave of store closures has performed better than expected on multiple facets, including script retention and employee engagement. This gives us increased confidence in our centralized, deliberate approach to this process. Also fundamental to our turnaround is financial discipline. While we are pleased with our first quarter results, there is more work to be done as we aim to strengthen our balance sheet and to ensure longer-term positive cash flow generation. We remain committed to achieving a retail pharmacy-led turnaround underpinned by a sustainable economic model. Our turnaround will take time, but as the quarter's results demonstrate, we are executing with urgency and believe the actions we're taking will be the basis for sustained value creation over the long term. With that, let's take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad. We ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up question. Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Thanks for taking the question. Tim, I'm encouraged by the comments that you made around the levers to lessen reimbursement risk and the fact that contracts for 2025 are done. But can you maybe just give us a little bit more color on, one, what does that new reimbursement look like? And two, when I think about contracts that are generally three years in length, should I be thinking that for calendar 2025, it's roughly a third of your book of business that has some type of new reimbursement metrics that are tied to reimbursement? That would be the first thing. And then secondly, just really want to understand the script retention. You talked about script retention being better than expected. Can you maybe just give us a number around that?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks, Lisa. So the new reimbursement, you know, but actually, let me answer the other part of your question first, which is you're correct that the arrangements that we have with PBMC typically are multiyear. Doesn't mean that we don't, by the way, come back to the table and open them up in response to opportunities or changes in the market, but generally so. We haven't said exactly what percentage it is, but, you know, it was a meaningful percentage, you know. So your number, broadly speaking, is probably about right. And in terms of what the actual arrangements themselves, how they've evolved and what they look like, you know, I think what you've seen is a couple of things. One is we've been successful in aligning with PBMs to create a category for higher-cost drugs, for example, where in the past, those drugs would fall into the basic reimbursements and they were massively insufficient in certain cases. We've highlighted GLP-1s as an example. And so that's one of the things that we've done in many of the contracts. In other contracts, what we've seen is rebalancing of brands and generics to more appropriately sort of reflect the environment today, both in terms of the absolute environment and how it's going to be evolving, because if you really take a look back, and I know I've spoken about this before, what you had was essentially us performing well on generics but it being insufficient to offset the less than our acquisition cost brand drug reimbursement or and are less than cost to deliver services. And so we've been able to, in many of the contracts, again, rebalance. And so what I'd say is, you know, each contract we've come to the table to be creative. And we have found good receptivity. We still have a ton to do. Let's be very clear because what you just said indirectly, is we have two-thirds of our contracts left. The good news is many of those are with some of the same payers that we've had success with this year aligning on going forward. You know, in terms of the script retention, we haven't given a number on that. But we do track it internally and again, it has been much better than our underlying assumption in those stores that we've been closing. And I would point out, we closed about 70 stores in a quarter. We have a lot left to do this year, but we have a very different process. It has been definitely pushed through our receiving stores so that the patient experience when their store is closing is meaningfully different as they come into a new store. And all of this really drives to longer-term pivoting to profitability in the back of our stores. Obviously, other services such as vaccines, adherence programs, other things we may do for pharma, or for payers will be incremental to that. But in the current short term, things that we've done have put us in a position that we wanted to be in at this point.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: I'd like to stay on the same subject, Tim, and I guess what I would ask is when you look at the type of pressure that you're facing in reimbursement in 2025, are you finding that the actions you've taken are leading to an absolute improvement, reduction in the pressure in 2025 versus what you saw the last couple of years, or is your focus been on changing terms and contracting in a way that leads to stability today and really positions you for better visibility and the improvement comes in future years?
Tim Wentworth: The answer is both. So there's no question that restructuring our contracts to be, I'll call it future-proofed or at least more resistant to the inordinate shifting of risk to us that was simply we had no levers to manage, to be frank, was really, really important. And again, I think the good news is that our PBM and payer partners also saw that. And in many cases, their markets sort of looking for these same sort of changed terms in terms of unraveling the cross-subsidization that has just gotten so distorted. And so from that standpoint, the construct is important. Also, though, 2025 and, of course, we're in the very early days of calendar 2025, setting aside our fiscal calendar, we are now, you know, fully in those contracts that were redone, and our projections are, continue to be, that we see a reduced pressure than we have seen in the past. That is a continuation of several years, and the number that we achieved in these negotiations was pretty darn close to what we had set out as our goal to experience. And again, I would remind you that's in the context of what we have said is over the next three years, this being the first of three, that we expect to reach a place where what we are taking out of the market in terms of increased value, whether that's new generics, or other things, that we would not be giving more than that. And ideally, then we would be subjected to being able to collect on other services and other things that we do to improve profitability in the back of the store. So we have continued to set the stage for that. 2024 was a very important year for it, and we are very pleased with that start on the three-year process.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from TD Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. Tim, I hear everything you're saying, and it sounds like you are definitely making progress here, particularly within the contracting side. But, typically, you know, I would assume that a lot of these are for one-one starts for the calendar 2025 year. Given sort of the strength in the fiscal first quarter, any reason not to think that we would see then incremental, you know, sort of positive step changes as we move the rest of this year along with the fact that we're still at the early part of the store closure cycle. And yet, you know, you still maintain guidance. Can you help us square that a little bit? I understand trying to still some uncertainty here about the fact that it's already up from the first quarter, I suggest particularly when the pharmacy side that, you know, things are at least we'll be in the right direction in relative to at least where initial guidance was set. Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks, Charles. So what I point out is that the first quarter, which as you correctly say, did not was not impacted by any of the 2025 contracts that we were able to negotiate, was strong for two fundamental reasons. One is we had good pharmacy volumes, and two is we had good, in terms of pharmacy services, vaccines, we had good reimbursement. And so those two things were strong in the quarter, and you know, what you've seen is part of those volumes is closing stores. We were successful in beating our own targets and moving patients into the receiving stores. So that was good. We closed stores and we didn't just give up share. And, again, while the vaccine volumes haven't been quite as strong as we might have expected, the fundamental fact of the matter is that we were reimbursed pretty fairly for those vaccines, and we were very successful in getting patients who came into our store to, you know, nearly five I think 40% of the time or thereabouts, actually co-administer multiple vaccines to keep themselves safe across several disease platforms. So that all was what carried the quarter. Therefore, as I look at our full year 2025, what we see based on the contracts, results we had so far and, again, there'll be some perturbations because of mix of or did you get as many patients as you thought with some new business that may have been won? But those are generally small impacts. We would expect to continue to see what we wanted to see in 2025 and nothing incremental to that. In terms of things. So we see it being better than it was in 2024, but we ended 2024 strong because of some things that didn't have to do with PBM reimbursement.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Leerink Partners.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe if I can build a little bit on Charles' question there relative to the changing dynamics to business. Tim, you spent a lot of time on the reimbursement side. Maybe if we can go back to the procurement side, and the work you're doing with Syncora, what does that look like qualitatively in terms of making sure that you're maximizing your procure, especially for a partner that you've had for more than a decade. And specifically within the guidance, are there any changes to procurement are built into your current fiscal 2025 expectations?
Tim Wentworth: Yeah. So we haven't let me start with the second question, which is that, you know, we haven't broken down in our guidance what would be contributed by any improvements that we make in our process or our underlying result contract with Syncora. That said, you know, you ask about qualitative sorts of things. You know, what I would tell you is qualitatively, you know, there's a question of having a partner who sits down with us and we have made very clear what our long-term aspiration is, which is to be world-class at buying drugs. And today, we're not. And so from that standpoint, they are in a position to help us and to benefit from that when our volumes increase because we're able to be more competitive in our underlying business model. And so from that standpoint, what I would tell you is we have relationships with their team. We have spent a lot of time together. We continue to spend time together to navigate a way forward that not only helps us in the short term, incrementally, but more importantly, transformationally in the long term modernizes the way that we buy drugs in a way that keeps us very competitive and growing, which is good for both parties. And you know, I'm pleased that we've had the discussions we've had. We have a lot more work to do.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Guys, thanks for taking my question. First, just on the footprint optimization, is that number gonna grow over time? Like, how do we think about that as the store closings increase. Is it a forward look as to where we are? Is that, like, your projection is $331 million a projection? Or is that, like, point in time and as the stores keep going, that optimization add back grows. And then I guess my second question is your peer announced that they had put in their sort of cost-plus model successfully across for 2025. As you see that happening, is there opportunity for you guys? Is that a pivot for the market that maybe can be advantageous to you? I know you're renegotiating all your contracts. You did that already. I'm just wondering if this changes the market in any way, shape, or form positively or negatively for you. Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Yeah. Thanks. Let me take the second half of your question first, which is, you know, obviously, we're always pleased when we can see the market moving in a direction that is rational for us in the role that we play. And so CVS's announcement, well, I'm not gonna comment specifically on, you know, details with that. Really, if you think about what they announced, it's very similar, you know, it's a different way of, I guess, thinking about what we've been doing in our contracts, which is realigning branded generic. Because if you think about a cost-plus model, cost-plus model, therefore, doesn't have a cost subsidization. It has a service fee on top of an acquisition cost. And from our perspective, that's very much what we have been coming to the table with willing to both work with the various payers and how they want that constructed and how they wanna go to market because not all cases will the payers necessarily go to market with that exact model. They may use it and then alter it to meet what the benefits consultants drive at the pay at the self-insured employer level, let's say. And so and I don't wanna get into sort of the real arcane details of how all that works. But suffice it to say, that their announcement didn't surprise us. We haven't announced or put a brand name on our process for unwinding these things in the contracts, but we are doing exactly the same thing. And we're what we, again, come to the table as a very willing partner to help the payers win in whatever configuration of sustainable pharmacy model value works for them, but also more importantly puts us back on track to have a sustainable economic model. As it relates to the store closures, which, of course, we mentioned 70 or thereabouts in the quarter, but for the full year, I'm track and prepared for another almost 450. I'll let Manmohan speak to the underlying financial impacts of that.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yep. So, Kevin, as you think about the impact of store closure in the year, we've talked about expecting $100 million of POI benefit in the year. We're still on track to close 500 locations during our fiscal year 2025. And from a cash flow benefit perspective, you know, we believe the benefit from working capital as well as sales proceeds from some of the own locations that we're closing and we will sell is gonna outpace the closure cost in the year. As you think about this, these are in-year benefits. And so yeah, as we continue down the path over a three-year plan, these benefits will scale over time.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks so much for the question. Two questions. You obviously had a very nice improvement in the free cash flow on a year-over-year basis, and I know Manmohan talked about the improvement in both working capital and CapEx. Can you talk about your sort of confidence for positive free cash flow on a full-year basis? And as a follow-up, can we also talk about sort of the rollout of the micro-fulfillment centers? I know you talked about it from a broad level that you expect to roll them out to a number of stores. But how do we think about the pacing of that as we think about the rest of 2025? Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. So I'll let Manmohan take the free cash flow question first since it's such a central question to what we focus on every day.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yeah. So Elizabeth, on the free cash flow, yes, the year-over-year cash flows were in the quarter. A couple of elements driving it. First, the underlying performance, the adjusted EBITDA, was higher year over year as you exclude the sale leaseback gains, which does not impact free cash flows. And second is we did see higher than expected, reduction in the capital expenditures. Actually, we talked about at the beginning of the year targeting $150 million. We achieved more than that in the quarter. And in my prepared remarks, I talked about while we do see opportunities on CapEx reduction rest of the year, we also have plans to invest in stores and technology that supports them. So there is that phasing part to think about. In terms of overall free cash flows for the year, we're not sharing guidance on the free cash flows today. But I would say, yeah, we're broadly in line with the commentary I provided at the beginning of the year, which had really four factors in there, which is, you know, the sale leaseback gains and Syncora earnings reduction does not impact CapEx reduction, which we have achieved in the quarter. And working capital, we feel good about. And so those elements were broadly in line with.
Tim Wentworth: And as it relates to the multi-site, the multi-fulfillment centers, we're super pleased with where we are in the progress we've made this year on a number of levels. First is in the absolute operating operations of them and the cost to operate them, and we brought in a very, very talented, very talented leader, a gentleman named John Joplin, who has just done a phenomenal job working with our team to take that to the next level in terms of operating efficiency. But also longer term in terms of the experience for our stores as receivers for this. As you may recall a year ago, we had slowed this way down in part because the experience at the last mile was not what we wanted to be. It also was not as cost-effective as we'd hoped. We have made massive improvements in both to the point where, again, today we have over 4,500 of our stores that are being serviced by the MFCs. And we believe over the next 12 months, we will get that number into closer to 6,000 as we continue to, again, ratchet down the cost that it does not cost disadvantageous for us to use automation. And importantly, what we've seen in the stores that we have moved onto the platform has been a material increase in our ability to counsel patients, do adherence programs, and use our clinicians in, frankly, more higher-order activities that also bring reimbursements that help sustain our model. And so we are very focused on it. As I said, we're not gonna give you guidance exactly as to how many or when. We have several more that we are going to be bringing up. And I can tell you that now when I'm in the stores, it's very exciting. A year ago, but they didn't wanna talk about it. The bags were too big. The bottles were too big. Now we go into the stores and they're saying, when are we gonna get on the platform? Because they've heard from their colleagues that we have meaningfully improved the experience. So it's a great example of our broad theme of hopefully you're hearing today, which is execution for the customer and for the shareholder.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Good morning. Thanks. I just wanna focus on long term just given the new speculation of a potential private equity. I really feel it's important from a stock perspective that investors have some visibility on the timing and when management thinks they can stabilize free cash flow and adjusted operating. Tim, now that you've been over here for over a year, do you think you can provide more clarity in the long term? And if not today, do you think you'll be in a position to provide more clarity or more certainty to investors? That's my first question. My second question is healthcare obviously did better this quarter both on the revenue and cost side. Can you talk about what subsegments provided better than your expectations? That would be great. Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. So, you know, we aren't gonna give multiyear IS cash flow guidance per se. I'm gonna let Manmohan speak briefly to cash flow, though, because, again, I appreciate the spirit of your question. And the fact is that as I think we've said, our focus on our balance sheet and on a sustained deposit positive operating cash flow and doing the things we have to do in order to achieve that are front and center for us, and it is a multiyear process to position ourselves to be able to consistently and reliably deliver that. So I'll come back and let Manmohan add any color to that he wants. As it relates to what drove our healthcare, our US healthcare assets, you know, it was a great quarter in a number of ways. We saw VillageMD, as we said in our prepared remarks, we have new leadership there in Jim. We have a team that's really functioning very effectively and executing well on the smaller platform because we close a lot of facilities. And we're growing off of that smaller platform. And economically, we're also seeing the benefits of that focused business. So that was a piece of the puzzle is VillageMD. You know, what you would see if you were sitting in our chair. Second piece of the puzzle is Shields had a terrific quarter and continues to, you know, in what is strong revenue growth that comes with strong traffic growth. Also, interestingly, we don't talk a lot about it, very strong renewals. So their clients are renewing at rates that are not putting us in a position where we're essentially dropping backwards in terms of the growth platform. In fact, if anything, they are some of the most strong supporters I have ever worked with, for a company, when I or I speak to the head of strategy, you they speak to the CEO of one of the largest health systems in the country, they tell me how important Shield is to them. So that business is terrific, and that shows through in its growth profile. You know, CareCentric's had a good quarter. They're selling through some new relationships they have. Our performance, but we're super fleet. It wasn't material to the overall. And again, from our perspective, longer term, we see that the opportunity to serve the B2B payers as well as pharma companies is super interesting longer term, but it's nice to see that result this quarter, obviously. And in terms of Manmohan, anything you wanna add additional to the longer-term cash flow outlook and how we would wanna communicate that?
Manmohan Mahajan: Yeah. Sure. So a couple of thoughts as you think about the long term from a cash flow perspective. Again, we're not providing guidance on this call, but a few elements to consider. First, obviously, operating performance as we think about the free cash flow generation. As we improve operating performance over time, and that's gonna have an impact. I think from a CapEx perspective, we've made great progress over the last year and a half, and so I think we're getting to a good place there. I believe working capital continues to be an area for us to streamline and take the benefit on the cash flow. So we'll continue to do that including the rest of this year. The one part that is impacting our cash flow this year as well as in fiscal 2024 was significantly higher run rate on the legal payments. And so as we're looking at this point, fiscal 2026 onwards, we believe that, you know, we're gonna come down from the run rate we have seen. And then the last thing I'd say, you know, from a cash flow perspective, outside of free cash flow is we continue to look at asset monetization. We have made progress with our Syncora shareholding as well as BrightSpring in the quarter. And so, you know, those activities will continue to provide us flexibility from a cash perspective.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Hey. Good morning, Tim and Manmohan, and thanks for taking my question. Manmohan, this might be one for you more from an employer perspective. And this goes back to the idea of the acting around pharmacy rates. As a large employer, I'd be interested to you if you could comment on how you guys have modeled how this will impact your pharmacy costs. We've done some calls around how the cost-plus models are impacting payers and it seems like some of them are saying, you know, a significant cost increase as part of a model transition regardless of who the pharmacy partner is. Not I'm wondering if there's anything you can tell us about, like, what you guys are seeing as it relates to pharmacy costs for Walgreens. And just generally, Tim, maybe generally speaking, how your payer partners are telling you this will impact pharmacy costs downstream.
Tim Wentworth: I actually, I'll take that. You know, what I wanna point out is changing how we're reimbursed and how the industry is reimbursed is not in and of itself a cost increase or decrease. That depends on the negotiation that's underneath of that. Every payer we negotiate with starts with essentially a matrix to understand what the cost of goods is gonna be to them that they take to the market. And so, again, changing how the risk is being assigned and future-proofing things is different than, you know, I would not position us as the or our industry is that the reconfiguration is necessarily a price increase. It is instead a realignment that sets us a place for us to get paid over the longer term for what we do. What I would say is what we've seen, I haven't looked at it directly, but in talking with Elizabeth, our head of HR, we have not seen a cost increase as a result of how pharmacy is going through to our patient except growth, is you certainly see in specialty, think the thing I would point to and it's something we don't talk a lot about and it's a really strong attribute of our longer-term costs going up as new indications, new products, and so forth come to market. And obviously, the levers around that are very different than the levers on the small molecule pills and capsule sort of business. And so from that standpoint, we and frankly, probably every payer in America continues to be very focused on managing specialty pharmacy to ensure that the right patient is getting the right drug that they're staying on it because the downstream benefits you get from those particularly intense patients come not from cutting drug costs as much as from making sure that you're getting what you're paying for in terms of outcomes. And so, you know, we continue to see very strong interest in our specialty pharmacy in some carve-out bids as payers begin to want the independent specialty pharmacy and also the tools that we bring to keep patients safe and healthy and help them manage the costs.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from the line of Brian Tanquillette from Jefferies.
Brian Tanquillette: Hey, good morning, Tim. Thanks for squeezing us in. So maybe in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about execution and the merchandising strategy as a way to, you know, arrest some of the pressures on the retail front-end side. So maybe do you just walk us through what those are and kinda like the success checkpoints that you need to see for that to be viewed as the right strategy going forward. Sure. Appreciate it.
Tim Wentworth: So we've got a lot of things underway inside of our front-of-store envelope of initiatives. Beyond getting to the right number of stores so that we can invest in them properly for the customer and so experience that needs to, you know, be frankly, for too many of our stores improve. There are shrink elements, for example, and continuing to be I just met with our head of protection to look at some of the creative things that we are looking at both as a company and as an industry as it relates to the customer experience on Shrink. I don't have anything magnificent to share with you today. It is a hand-to-hand combat battle still, unfortunately. But it does impact how sales through the store. Because when you lock things up, for example, you don't sell as many of them. We've kind of proven that pretty conclusively. But we're excited about the fact that, you know, we have revamped our team. I wanna point that out under Tracy Brown's leadership. We have revamped our team in terms of our analytics, our omnichannel and our digital experience as well as our merchandising team. And we've got significant underway work around customer loyalty program that ties much closer to our go-forward strategy as a health and wellness provider in the marketplace. We just, this quarter, are in the process of launching superfoods, sports nutrition, and women's wellness. Three new categories for us in our stores, and I saw some photographs of some NCAPs that look phenomenal, and it's too early for me to tell you how those are doing. But that's aligned with what we're trying to do longer term, which is really, really neat because historically, done a great job of selling through. Aren't the things that people today are spending money on given their the changed mindset of our consumer in so some of the seasonal things that have typically been strength for us are not quite as strong, and we saw in during the Christmas piece, that, you know, we were able to get consumers to meaningfully respond to a promotional sort of approach that acknowledge that rather than try to fight it. And so our Christmas, we're not gonna talk in detail about it today, but what we saw about our Christmas sales was better than our several holidays prior to that by virtue of a more targeted promotional strategy that meets our customers where they are longer term, got to get our pricing strategy aligned to that and our merchandising strategy, which is all things we're doing. We also are in the back of our store because it is relevant. We are now launching in 100 stores. We had it in a couple. We thoroughly tested it. We are doing digital and virtual check-in for pharmacy patients. What does that enable? That enables you to actually know where you are, when your product's gonna be available, do that without having to stand in line, and you can shop the store while you're actually waiting. And you don't get angry at our employees because you've stood in line. And so these things, which by the way, the NPS for employees in those stores that we have the digital check-in and so forth is higher. And, of course, for the customers, it's higher as well. And what we've learned in there is we've put in some of our stores concierges at the front to help our patients who come in, particularly some of the older patients, to access that approach for us. So again, digital and virtual loyalty program, merchandising in some new areas, own brand is the last piece I point to because, again, a key part of our value strategy is a trusted provider of high-quality own brand merchandise. And this quarter, we said we launched 60 things. I have a daughter who's got I've got three daughters that have new babies. My youngest daughter has a brand new baby. She is so excited about the fact we have launched own brand diapers because she actually trusts that they're gonna work and that there aren't gonna be blowouts at her house. And at the same time, that the price will be right and that it'll be something that she and her husband can afford. So from that standpoint, again, long answer for you because we didn't spend any time on the front of the store. It is a longer putt for us. It requires a lot of work. It is a multiyear piece that just shrinking a footprint and improving our digital experience is not gonna be sufficient. We've gotta have the right stuff at the right price. And the good news is, and I think Manmohan spoke about in his prepared remarks, when you look at our stores, that are the stores that were not on the closures list, see those stores being materially stronger still not where they need to be, but materially stronger than the stores that we're closing, and that gives us a lot of hope that as we reconfigure our consumer experience across all channels, that the consumer who millions of whom trust us every day will trust us to buy more every day.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference back over to Tim for closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Well, I appreciate everybody dialing in. Hopefully, what you take away is that we are executing against both short and long-term priorities, that this turnaround we've said it. It is going to take time. But the level of urgency, discipline, and focus that our team has throughout our team, and I wanna thank all of our 300,000 plus employees. We didn't talk about international at all today, for example. The team at Boots had a great Christmas and continues to perform well. So again, across our entire platform, we are acting with discipline and focus, and we are committed to our vision of a retail pharmacy-led organization that has a sustainable economic model and drives long-term value, not only for shareholders, but it positively impacts the health and lives of millions of Americans who trust us every day. And so we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance Fourth Quarter 2024 Results Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to your speaker host, Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Tim Wentworth, our Chief Executive Officer; and Manmohan Mahajan, Global Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mary Langowski, President of US Healthcare; Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Walgreens Chief Pharmacy Officer; and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail and Chief Customer Officer will participate in Q&A. Also in the room this morning is Eric Wasserstrom, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations are set forth in the press release. You may also refer to the slides posted in the Investors section of our website for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed during this earnings call. We encourage you to review the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation to non-GAAP values in the other earnings materials we provided. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter and fiscal full year results reflected our focused execution on several critical initiatives against a challenging backdrop for our consumer. When I joined, I had three immediate priorities. First, build a new management team. Second, address items within our control that could improve our financial condition within the year. And third, undertake a strategic review of our collection of valuable assets to lay the groundwork for our longer-term turnaround. With respect to the short-term actions, we successfully hit our three declared goals, cutting costs by over $1 billion, reducing CapEx by over $700 million and realizing over $600 million in benefits from working capital initiatives. These factors contributed to our positive cash flow in the fourth quarter and helped achieve full year cash flow that was also a positive. Building on this momentum is critical as we turn our executional focus to stabilizing our core economics, improving our operating cash flow and strengthening our balance sheet beyond the $1.9 billion net debt reduction achieved in fiscal 2024. Equally important, we have conducted a thorough strategic review. Coming out of this work, we are an organization focused on two guiding principles with clear operational and financial priorities. The first guiding principle relates to our operating model. WBA is reorienting to its legacy strength as a retail pharmacy-led company. This reorientation allows us to leverage our key strategic assets of consumer trust, convenience and relevance. Our position of trust stems from the millions of face-to-face interactions our consumers have with our pharmacy personnel every day. And we will continue to take actions now and for the long term to be the first choice for retail pharmacy and health services. Having earned our consumers' trust, indeed, our reason to exist, we also want to be accessible and convenient but we need to be appropriately sized. Consequently, we are announcing an expanded footprint optimization program. We have over 8,000 stores, of which the majority, approximately 6,000, are profitable. This solid base supports our conviction in a retail pharmacy led model that is relevant to our consumers, and we intend to invest in these stores over the next several years. Part of the funding for this investment will come from accelerating the closure of underperforming stores. We expect to close approximately 1,200 of those over the next three years and reduce the fixed costs associated with them. Executing on this program will realign our footprint to a healthier store base that we believe will enable us to respond more dynamically to shifts in consumer behavior and buying preferences. Our ability to respond to a changing environment needs to improve and was a critical objective of our strategic review. We intend to close this competitive gap with some of our peers who have invested in similar capabilities over the past several years. While the decision to close a store is never an easy one, we feel confident in our ability to continue to serve our customers, and we intend to follow our historic practice to redeploy the majority of the workforce in those stores that we close. In addition to being trusted and convenient, we must be relevant to today's consumer. To this end, we are reevaluating our merchandising strategy to offer a refreshed assortment of products, including our own brands. By being more selective with national brands and expanding our own brands, we are sharpening our focus as a destination for categories for which we believe we are uniquely positioned to lead like health and wellness and specifically women's health. We launched over 300 new owned brand SKUs this year focused in key categories, and we expect to launch another 300-plus in fiscal 2025. Our second guiding principle is a disciplined financial model, which targets strong free cash flow generation and appropriate leverage. Our focus in the near term is on improving our operating cash flows through cost and working capital management while establishing the baseline for AOI growth. In fiscal 2025, we expect to realize $500 million in working capital initiatives and $150 million in further CapEx reduction. In addition, we are focused on monetizing non-core assets to generate cash. Chief among this is VillageMD. While our plans with this investment may take several different forms, in all scenarios related to VillageMD, we are committed to redeploying any proceeds to reduce our net debt and improve the health of our balance sheet. Our efforts around VillageMD are just one example of how, on a go-forward basis, we are maximizing optionality around our portfolio of assets. As we consider if and when to appropriately monetize these assets, we will continue to harvest gains from our portfolio of public equities, Cencora and BrightSpring, to generate cash and further enable debt reduction. As we go forward, we have three priorities, to stabilize pharmacy margin, advance the execution of our retail strategy, and improve our net debt position. This emphasis on improving the strength and quality of our balance sheet underscores Manmohan's leadership in establishing our financial priorities to which he will speak in a few moments. Let me now bring some visibility to the status of our discussions surrounding pharmacy margin and reimbursement rates. We continue to be confident that we are in a multiyear process to reframe our relationship with PBMs on reimbursement. We are changing the dialogue to ensure we both procure drugs at a fair price and that we are paid fairly for the value that we provide. As part of our efforts, we have worked with some PBMs to bring more stability and predictability to our reimbursement while maintaining broad network access. It continues to be our goal to serve as many patients and communities as possible. However, going forward, Walgreens will make difficult decisions if a PBM will not provide reasonable reimbursement for our services in order to maintain our presence in communities across America. Today, we have a high level of visibility into reimbursement for approximately 80% of the anticipated script volume in fiscal 2025. We are pleased with the willingness that some of our PBM partners have shown to consider current trends and adjust reimbursement such as rebalancing brands and generics, and we look forward to working with those partners on how we can grow together. Several significant contracts are in the process of being negotiated over the next year and we will pursue rational reimbursement that ensures we are paid fairly. Turning to NADAC. Based on the latest data, we have seen it begin to stabilize. However, it is critical that regulators work alongside us and industry groups to implement a solution that reduces future instability and ensures that NADAC is a predictable product benchmark for pharmacy reimbursement. Finally, outside of working with PBMs and payers to evolve reimbursement, we continue to progress our efforts to broaden and deepen the services we get paid for. Provider status and other new payment arrangements remain a key opportunity for us to fully deploy our pharmacist capabilities, lighten the burden on the broader healthcare system and further stabilize and improve our overall pharmacy economics. Many of our actions across this turnaround will take time, but I am confident that we have the right team, the right focus and the right strategy. Manmohan will detail our expectations for fiscal 2025 in a moment. Our most recent quarterly results underscore the importance of executing with intent to stabilize the core business irrespective of the macroeconomic backdrop. We have a lot of work to do and 2025 will be an important rebasing year to drive longer-term value creation. And before I conclude, I wanted to say a few things about how we're supporting the communities recently impacted by Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Of course, our thoughts are with all our patients, customers, team members and everyone else that's been impacted by these terrible natural disasters. In times of crisis, it is always heartening to see the generosity of America's response. At Walgreens, we've leveraged our public-private partnerships to implement a national PIN pad program with the American Red Cross to raise over $5 million, which has been used to donate water and other urgent supplies for the communities in need. Walgreens has also made a donation to the American Red Cross Hurricane Helene Fund. In terms of the impact to us, about 1,050 of our stores were brought offline by the storms or in preparation for them, but we have restored all but 16 of them. We're working to make sure we continue to provide essential services to these impacted communities. I will now turn it over to Manmohan to review our financial results.
Manmohan Mahajan: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Overall, fourth quarter results were in line with our expectations. Thematically, the quarter reflected the same trends that characterized our full year results with pressure on US Retail Pharmacy partly offset by growth in our US Healthcare segment, while our International business continues to perform in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $0.39 decreased 41% year-over-year on a constant-currency basis. Approximately 70% of this decline relates to lower sale leaseback gains, lapping the reversal of incentive accruals in the prior year and lower Cencora equity income. Headwinds in the US Retail Pharmacy businesses were partly offset by cost savings initiatives and growth in US Healthcare business. GAAP results for the quarter included certain non-cash charges. We recognized a $2.3 billion charge for valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. These deferred tax assets were primarily related to opioid liabilities recognized in prior periods, and they remain available for the company to offset potential future income, including gains from monetizing assets. We also recognized $696 million in impairment charges for CareCentrix goodwill and our equity investment in Chinese pharma company, GuoDa. As a reminder, last year's GAAP results included certain charges related to opioid claims and lawsuits. Let's move on to the full year highlights. Adjusted EPS of $2.88 declined 28% on a constant currency basis due to the softer US Retail Pharmacy performance and significantly lower sale leaseback gains. This was partly offset by cost savings initiatives and improved profitability in US Healthcare. GAAP net loss was $8.6 billion compared to a loss of $3.1 billion in fiscal '23. GAAP results included certain non-cash impairment charges related to VillageMD goodwill in the second quarter. The prior year period included $5.5 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits partly offset by a $1.7 billion after-tax gain on sale of Cencora and Option Care Health shares. Now, let me cover US Retail Pharmacy segment. Comparable sales grew 8.3% year-on-year, driven by pharmacy and partly offset by a decline in retail sales. AOI decreased 60% versus the prior year quarter. Approximately two-thirds of this decline relates to lower sale leaseback gains, lapping the reversal of incentive accruals in the prior year and lower Cencora equity income. Headwinds in the retail and pharmacy businesses were partly offset by cost-saving initiatives. We exceeded our goal of $1 billion in cost savings for the year with most of the benefit recognized in the US Retail Pharmacy segment. Let me now turn to US Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 11.7%, driven by brand inflation and mix impacts. Comp scripts excluding immunizations, grew 2.6% in the quarter. We continue to track in line with the overall prescription market year-to-date. Pharmacy-adjusted gross margin declined versus the prior year quarter, negatively impacted by net reimbursement pressure, brand inflation and mix impacts. Recent fluctuations in NADAC resulted in $17 million of impact in the quarter versus the prior year. Turning next to US retail business. Comparable retail sales declined 1.7% in the quarter. As Tim mentioned, the consumer backdrop remains a challenge. We see this with our customer as sales pressure in the quarter was almost entirely driven by non-essential categories. We continue to refine our pricing and promotion strategy, which helped to improve gross profit margin in the quarter. At the same time, value-seeking behavior and new product launches during the year have driven our own brand penetration up 70 basis points in the quarter, finishing at over 17% of sales to end the year. Retail adjusted gross margin improved year-over-year, positively impacted by category mix towards health and wellness products, partly offset by higher shrink levels. Turning next to the International segment. And as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. Total sales grew 3.7%, with Germany wholesale increasing 8.2% and Boots UK up 2.3%. Segment adjusted gross profit increased 2% with growth across all businesses. Adjusted operating income was down 11%, primarily due to lapping real estate gains in the year-ago period. Let's now cover Boots UK in detail. Boots UK continues to perform well. Comp retail sales increased 6% with continued market share gains and all categories showing growth. Boots.com sales increased 19% year-on-year and represented 15% of our UK retail sales. Turning next to US Healthcare. The US Healthcare segment finished ahead of expectations for the year, delivering $66 million in adjusted EBITDA. Sales of $2.1 billion increased 7% compared to the prior year quarter. VillageMD sales of $1.5 billion grew 7% year-on-year. The increase was driven by growth in full-risk lives and fee-for-service revenue, partly offset by the impact of clinic closures. Shields sales were up 28%, driven by growth within existing partnerships. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $65 million, an improvement of $94 million compared to last year driven by cost discipline at VillageMD and growth from Shields. Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow of $1 billion for fiscal '24 was negatively impacted by $934 million in payments related to legal matters and $386 million in annuity premium contributions related to the Boots Pension Plan. We exceeded our target of $600 million in capital expenditure reductions in fiscal '24, delivering $736 million in savings versus fiscal '23. Similarly, we also exceeded our target of $500 million of benefits from working capital initiatives in fiscal '24. Free cash flow of $23 million declined by $642 million versus the prior year due to lower earnings, higher payments related to legal matters and phasing of working capital, partly offset by lower capital expenditures. Looking at the fourth quarter, free cash flow of $1.1 billion increased 98% compared to the prior year period. The increase was driven by benefits from working capital initiatives, lower legal payments and lower capital expenditures. Over the course of fiscal '24, we reduced our net debt by nearly $2 billion and our lease obligations by over $1 billion, and our liquidity position is healthy. We ended the year with $3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $5.8 billion of revolver capacity. Looking ahead, one of our key priorities is to strengthen the balance sheet condition of the company. We are focused on improving our cash flow generation and net debt position through a combination of operational actions and asset monetization activities. These priorities have significant influence on our expectations for this upcoming fiscal year, which I will detail now. As Tim underscored, our priorities for fiscal 2025 is to stabilize our core operations while we made progress on the longer-term strategic and operational turnaround. This view is reflected in our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.40 to $1.80. This guidance is based on three central assumptions. First, in US pharmacy, we anticipate continued pressure on reimbursement rates. We have negotiated approximately 80% of the contract volume for calendar year 2025. Due to the multiyear nature of these contracts, there is still more progress to be made but believe we are taking incremental steps towards our goal of reducing the impact of reimbursement pressure on pharmacy margin. The second major assumption is that our customer is likely to remain under pressure and continue to demonstrate the same price-sensitive shopping behavior that we experienced in fiscal '24. In response to this dynamic, we're executing on a number of retail initiatives over multiple periods. In the near term, we're taking cost actions to improve our operating leverage, including the accelerated optimization of our fiscal footprint. We expect these closures to be accretive to our cash flows in fiscal 2025. Lastly, we expect growth in our Healthcare segment and in the International segment. Let's cover the footprint optimization program next. We expect to close approximately 1,200 stores over the next three years with about 500 targeted to close in fiscal 2025. Within fiscal '25, we expect this activity to be weighted towards the back half of the year. We are prioritizing closing locations that are cash flow negative, underperforming stores where we own the locations and ones where the lease expirations are coming due in the next few years. This focus is expected to partially mitigate the incremental burden of dark rent. The economic benefits of this approach should begin to be tangible in fiscal '25. By accelerating the scope of our footprint optimization program and focusing on stores with weakest cash generation, we expect to reduce our working capital needs and improve our cash flows over the next 12 months. We expect the in-year benefit from footprint optimization program to be approximately $100 million of AOI with positive cash contributions, including the cash benefits from working capital and sales of owned stores, net of closure costs. Over time, these actions should also enable us to fund the investments we plan to make in higher-performing stores as we look to improve our customers' in-store experience. For this year, we're prioritizing investment in those stores that should be the recipient of the scripts, merchandise and the foot traffic from the stores we're closing. In our discussions with the investment community last quarter, we highlighted that we were evaluating 2,000 stores as part of our optimization efforts. Net of the 1,200 that we have identified for closure, this indicates that there are another 800 stores for which we are focused on improving their operating performance and cash flows. However, as has always been the case, we will continuously evaluate this group and all our stores to ensure we ultimately operate with the best possible footprint. Let's now turn to additional guidance line items. We are providing additional guidance on certain enterprise and segment-level line items for modeling purposes. At the midpoint of our guidance range for adjusted EPS, about 60% of the year-over-year decline reflects the impact of higher tax rate and lower contributions from sale leaseback and Cencora earnings. On a corporate level, we're anticipating higher interest expense due to lapping prior year gains on bonds. Let me cover segment level details next. For the US Retail Pharmacy segment, at the midpoint of the range, we expect a year-over-year decline in AOI of $1.1 billion. Approximately 40% of this decline is driven by headwinds from sale leaseback gains and prior Cencora share sales. We anticipate that fiscal '25 will be the last year of headwinds from sale leaseback gains. Excluding these impacts, we expect headwinds from net reimbursement pressure and retail to drive the remaining year-over-year declines, partially offset by the impact of footprint optimization program. Let me share some additional KPI information. We expect the overall market growth for script volume to be between 2.5% to 3% with our total prescription growth impacted by store closures. We expect vaccinations to be slightly lower compared to fiscal year '24. Guidance assumes no significant changes to the recent trends impacting pharmacy margin including brand inflation, mix, authorized generics and continuation of most recent trends in NADAC. We expect retail comparable sales of negative 2% to negative 3%. And cough, cold and flu season incidences are expected to be slightly down versus last year. We expect International segment profitability to grow in fiscal year '25, led by Boots retail business in Germany. We expect adjusted EBITDA for the US Healthcare segment to improve by $250 million at the midpoint compared to the fiscal year '24 to a range of $280 million to $350 million. Let's conclude the guidance discussion with cash flow and capital allocation. We expect our efforts to stabilize retail sales and pharmacy margin to take hold over time. In the near term, we will continue to bolster our free cash flows through working capital optimization initiatives as well as rightsizing our capital expenditures. In fiscal '25, we expect working capital initiatives to generate approximately $500 million of free cash flows and capital expenditure reductions of approximately $150 million. We anticipate an AOI headwind of approximately $400 million from lower sale leaseback gains and Cencora equity earnings. This will not have any impact on free cash flow. In fiscal 2024, we began to refocus our financial philosophy. This includes decisions to simplify our financial reporting, such as wind-down of the sale-leaseback program and Cencora share sales but also in terms of capital allocation priorities. As we monetize assets in fiscal '24, we reduced our net debt position by $1.9 billion. This is a good start but there is still much more work to be done to continue to strengthen our balance sheet in the coming years. Given this imperative, we intend to further monetize non-core assets. Additionally, we expect our lease liabilities to decline further due to the conclusion of our sale-leaseback program and as we execute against our footprint optimization program. We believe these actions will improve our cash position and financial flexibility as we focus on reducing net debt while supporting the successful execution of our turnaround over the next few years. With that, let me pass it back to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Manmohan. Before opening the call up for Q&A, let me leave you with a few closing thoughts. We are confident that we have the right team and the right strategy, and we are laser-focused on two principles, that we are a retail pharmacy-led organization and that the economics of this model must be disciplined and sustainable. To this end, we intend to meaningfully strengthen our balance sheet over the next few years, and there is a clear path to doing so as we work to stabilize our financial performance, monetize non-strategic assets, reduce our lease exposure, and address our net debt position. As part of this approach, we intend to adopt a flexible and pragmatic capital allocation strategy. To be clear, we believe our reorientation to retail pharmacy has a bright future. We're engaging in a multiyear program with a long-term goal of appropriately sized and well-positioned fleet of stores and an industry-leading customer experience in both retail and pharmacy across consumer channels. And we continue to believe that the adjacent strategic businesses in which we've invested can incrementally contribute to value creation over the longer term. We are in the early stages of a turnaround that will take time, but the fiscal fourth quarter was an important building block in the foundation of this turnaround and we expect further progress in fiscal 2025. With that, let's take questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Tim, I just want to focus on a couple of things. One, would just be some of the comments that were made early on around the restructuring of the reimbursement, when you talk about 80% visibility, you also talked about very difficult decisions around maybe contracting going forward. So how do I, one, balance that when I think about improving rates? Do we expect improvement rates in 2025? Is this more of like a three-year plan? And then secondly, when you think about those difficult decisions, are you thinking about leaving some networks? Like, how do I put all those pieces together?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks and good morning, Lisa. So first of all, just to answer directly, as it relates to 2025, we have a lessening of the reimbursement pressure if you looked at a trend line, which by the way, continues a couple of year dynamic, which I've talked about before, where coming in, I was fairly confident that we had seen the payers becoming more understanding and realistic about what we could give. And at the end of the day, if all of the retailers are showing up with less being taken out of the market to then share, it begins to support that dynamic. And so in '25, we do see less. Let me start with that. Number two, there's no question that there is a recognition by all parties, PBMs, payers and our peers, that the dynamics have changed. And we see that clearly reflected in the conversations -- very constructive conversations we have had both in the 80% where we have actually landed the contracts, and we have seen different sorts of mechanisms put in the contracts. So there's not a one-size-fits-all. We've seen some cost plus. We've seen carve-outs for new brand drugs or existing brands that are at high prices. We've seen rebalancing of brand and generic. And we're showing up open-minded to how we reconfigure the risk and also protect our ability to not see unmanageable reimbursement pressures that, frankly, aren't economic for us and not frankly, market required. All of that said, the 20% that are left, what I would say is, those are constructive conversations. I don't want to portray them as something different. But in all of our conversations, not just the 20%, we showed up willing to make a difficult decision if we weren't going to be in a range of being compensated fairly. And it doesn't mean we're raising prices. Let me be clear about that. It means that we are arresting the downward pressure because we are not taking money out of the market either through purchasing or through the dynamics of generics, generic inflation, new generics and so forth to underpin what would otherwise be our ability to increase the reimbursement that we give. So all of that to say, because I know this is a very important topic to our investors and to the market. Even the 20% constructive conversations, let me be clear, we're willing to walk away from a line of business if it doesn't make sense. I've said that there are examples where we would rather have 5% of cash paying cadre than 100% of a reimbursed cadre. And so from that standpoint, again, we know that, I believe the payers are very clear about it, and I'm very confident that over a two to three year period, we will have reset the framework for reimbursement discussions, and frankly, be talking more about other value creation that we can do together than simply unit cost reductions.
Lisa Gill: That's very helpful. And just one follow-on. That would be, as we think about the cadence of '25, I know Manmohan talked about the store closings impacting more the back half of the year. Anything else you would call out as I think about how earnings will develop in '25?
Manmohan Mahajan: Yeah. From a cadence perspective, Lisa, you ought to think about maybe the same trend as we have seen in the last couple of years. We do have roughly around 500 closures, which are back-half weighted. But then we also had closures in the second half of fiscal '24. So we're going to see the benefit from store closure continue to scale within '25 and then beyond over the next few years as well.
Lisa Gill: Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Group. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Thanks for all the details on free cash flow. I just had a question on timing. I know, Tim, in your prepared remarks, you talked about fiscal 2025 is a rebasing year. You want to get AOI to a point where you can grow. Is that fiscal 2025 or do we really have to wait until you're able to stabilize these PBM contracts and grow from there? So, any timing that you can provide on when you think would be a base to grow from? And then secondly, I think last conference call, you talked about go negotiate on some vendor contracts. Can you provide any update on that progress? That would be great. Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Yeah, I'm sorry, could you just repeat your second question, which contract?
Ann Hynes: I think some supply -- I'm sorry, supplier contracts, whether it's drug distribution or anything in the front store. I think the company has talked about maybe the potential of being able to renegotiate the contracts. So any progress on that would be great.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks. So, first, from a timing standpoint, as you can appreciate, we've said all along, this is a multiyear turnaround. This is a rebasing year in '25. I'll let -- we're not giving three-year guidance at this point other than to say that we believe this re-platforming of the company and the things that we've said we are going to do and are already doing are meaningfully positioning us for growth in the longer term, both in terms of pharmacy services, US Healthcare and the front of the store. I'll let Manmohan give you any additional color as it relates to the longer-term perspective that we have. Coming back to the second part of your question, and then I'll turn it over to Manmohan. As it relates to Cencora, because I guess that is your question, as you know, we do have a longer-term arrangement with them that goes until '29. We meet with them regularly to make sure that they understand sort of where we sit and we evaluate together how they can help us, both in terms of our cost of acquisition as well as frankly, operationally because they're a crucial part of our underlying operating model. And we're not going to give any updates at this time, but there is a meaningful dialogue that we're having. It is very constructive, and we believe that there are ways that we can together, inclusive of inventory, working capital, micro fulfillment-related activities and indeed, purchasing acquisition cost, that there are things we can do together to allow for the one thing we both want, which is us to grow because that's good for both us and them. Now, I'll turn it over to Manmohan to just give you any additional color as it relates to the longer-term outlook that your first question asks about.
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. So, not providing long-term guidance today. But as Tim mentioned, goal is to grow AOI and free cash flows over the next three years. Maybe a couple of themes for fiscal '25 first. As you -- the guidance we shared today, it reflects roughly around $0.80 to $0.85, roughly around 60% headwinds from higher tax rate. Sale of Cencora shares recently as well as lower sale-leaseback contribution. And so '25 is a better base when you think from a quality perspective. We do have roughly around $250 million of equity earnings expected in fiscal '25 from Cencora. Now, those will -- we will lap those in fiscal '26 as our existing variable prepaid forward contracts comes to maturity in late fiscal '25 and early '26. From a business or underlying business performance perspective, we do expect US Healthcare to continue to grow and we expect International to grow in fiscal '25. As Tim mentioned in his prepared remarks, from a US RP perspective, from a longer-term growth perspective, we're very focused both on pharmacy margin as well as retail sales in the US. Those benefits from those initiatives we expect to scale over the next three years. And so in the meantime, from a fiscal '25 perspective, we're going to be very focused on cost discipline, including the footprint optimization program that we announced today, which we expect to be accretive in the year. And as I said earlier, the benefit from the optimization program, we expect it to continue to scale as we close locations over the next three years. And the benefit in the year is roughly around $100 million. So that, I think, gives you a shape of '25 and getting out of '25 what are going to be some of the factors we're looking at longer term.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
George Hill: Yeah. Good morning, guys. And, Manmohan, maybe I missed this, but are you able to talk about like what is the discrete impact of the store closures in fiscal 2025 and maybe from a run rate basis to the US Pharmacy business? And then my follow-up question would be, are you able to provide any color on earnings cadence in the US Pharmacy segment as we think about the progression of fiscal '25 just kind of given the slope of how earnings have progressed recently? I think that would be helpful. Thank you.
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. So far, store closure benefits in the year, we expect roughly around $100 million contribution to AOI in fiscal '25 and that will then continue to scale into '26 and '27 as we close more locations over time. So that's kind of the run rate. From a cash perspective, we expect footprint optimization to be accretive in the year as well. And I think the way -- simple way to think about this is the benefit from working capital as we close locations as well as there are certain owned locations that we're going to be closing and monetizing in the year, that significantly outweighs the closure cost in the year. So that's on the store closure. On the cadence side, look, I think we're going to be pretty much in line with how the cadence has played out over the last couple of years. So, don't expect significant changes there, first half versus second half.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Charles Rhyee with TD Securities. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Just to follow-up on Lisa's question, Tim, I think you said that with the 80% renegotiated in terms of the contract volume, that is lower, but is that then stable going forward? So, this is sort of -- at least for 80% is setting a new baseline. And then secondly, I appreciate all the comments around free cash flow, but can you give us a sense for where free cash flow will be for fiscal '25? I mean there's a lot of moving parts here. But if I kind of look at some of these pieces, we're still coming out negative free cash flow for the year. Just maybe give us a sense for what kind of sits when we think about the high end and the low end of the EPS guide? Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks. And I'll let Manmohan take the second question. As it relates to the contracts, again, what I'd reinforce is, it is an ongoing and dynamic process. When I call it a reset, it's more a structural reset than it is we're going to do something that -- than just stand still. And so those contracts typically are multiyear contracts, which is why it's going to take us a few years to actually work through all of the contracts that we have, which, in many cases, have us taking more risk or less reimbursement than we believe is ultimately appropriate and sustainable. And so it is an ongoing dynamic. And furthermore, in my background, probably this won't surprise you to hear, I don't view them even when they're done that we're done. There are opportunities to sit back down based on dynamics that occur, whether it's the pipeline, new indications, new products, trying to win a new client, and we work with those PBMs and payers to help them with that. So from that standpoint, the 80% is sort of a -- it's not an abstract number. It's an actual number. It says we had 100% of a group of contracts that would have been renegotiated for the 2025 plan year. We have 80% along in that, which is by itself not shocking because as you can imagine, PBMs actually operate on a January year for plan design. So we're actually right where I would expect us to be. And I'm not surprised that the remaining contracts are, again, the ones that probably require a bit more work by both parties at the table to reach a better place, and I think we'll get there. And, Manmohan, do you want to take the second question?
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. So, from a free cash flow perspective, '25, a couple of things for you to consider. First is we expect adjusted operating income to decline in '25. Now, roughly around $400 million of that is due to the lower sale leaseback contribution as well as lower earnings from Cencora. Those items do not impact free cash flow. So we just wanted to flag that. Outside of that, the legal payments in the fiscal year '25 expected to slightly increase as well, roughly around [$1.50 billion] (ph) in total. Before we -- and then before they go down in '26, we expect them to decline over '26. And so what we're working through is partly offsetting these headwinds from, a, working capital optimization of roughly around $500 million in the year, and then, b, on the CapEx side, we expect our CapEx to be declining roughly around $150 million in the year. So those kind of are the building blocks from a free cash flow perspective. Lastly, I'd say this, look, we'll continue to have a pragmatic approach to capital allocation going forward. As you've seen in Q4, we were able to monetize our noncore assets. We do have some flexibility in our portfolio and so we will continue to tap into that as needed.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Eric Percher with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. A question on US Healthcare given the guiding principles you laid out, Tim. I guess question one is, is there any component here that's key to the strategy of rebasing around the Retail Pharmacy customer? And then, Manmohan, maybe I'll ask you on VillageMD. The focus here, you mentioned profitability or profitable growth from the other elements of the business. Is there a reduction in investment or stabilization in the underlying VillageMD operation?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks for that, Eric. I'll take the first part and as you directed, the second to Manmohan, I'll let him take it. In terms of what's core, first of all, it starts with, frankly, our clinicians and our team, which is the underlying asset that enables us to look at other services whether it's for payers or for pharma in the back of our stores. And so our US retail strategy is a healthcare strategy. I would start with that, and it's crucial. That's why we've recentered on the pharmacy as a core to our strategy. I would then say, inside of that, what's probably not as well appreciated is -- will be over time is our specialty pharmacy, which is really when you look at where the growth of patient need is, payer need is, being the largest independent specialty pharmacy and having the assets that we have and the team that we have is a tremendous starting point to envisioning doing more, whether that's for the pharma companies that actually originate the products, the biosimilar companies that make biosimilars or indeed the payers who want to have their patients have access to a highly reliable, clinically focused, trusted company. And so from that standpoint, we see that as a critical asset. Other things are very complementary to that, such as Shields and CareCentrix to providing a broader set of ecosystem services or services to a unique set of payers in the case of Shields being health systems. And so those are really important assets for us incrementally to the core asset that we have, which is being a Retail Pharmacy. Do you want to take the second question, Manmohan?
Manmohan Mahajan: Yeah, sure. From a -- so let me start Q4 US Healthcare segment performance. A couple of things there, a common theme throughout the year has been Shields continues to grow, expansion within the existing partnership. And then we have seen improvement within VillageMD as well, driven by a significant cost reduction program that they've gone through. Now in Q4, we also experienced slightly higher contribution from the risk-based book. And so that's driving a little bit of overperformance in the quarter. As you look out to '25, we expect these themes to continue to play. We expect Shields to continue to grow within their existing partnership, just continue to expand. And then on the Village side, there is benefit of costs in fiscal '25, including the wraparound benefits from cleaning closures that they have executed in fiscal '24. Outside of that, we do expect their contribution margin to also improve slightly year-over-year driven by higher fee-for-service volume and a little bit growth on the risk-based side.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Turning to store closures, just within the guide, I'm trying to understand, what do you anticipate over time you're going to retain in terms of Rx and foot traffic? Is there sort of a magic number as you go through this analysis? Is it -- it used to be 70%, is it 50%? Like how do you think about that in terms of what you're guiding for or what's implied in the guidance for that?
Tim Wentworth: Yeah. Thanks for the question. That's an important dimension, one of a number of dimensions that as we've evaluated the 2,000 stores we spoke about last quarter and now the 1,200 that we've announced that we'll be actually closing and as we continue to evaluate the 800. The recapture rate is critical, and it's something that we're very, very precise about as it relates to store level dynamics. And so there is no one number. There is an aggregating number I suppose that if we added up to 1,200 times, the store level assumptions that we are able to make based on a number of dynamics related to how many other stores are there nearby that are ours? How many are competitive? What's the profile of the patients that we're caring for today, et cetera. And there's a number of dynamics. So, it's not as simple as a number, but it is very much a piece that we look at and challenge ourselves. We obviously have a lot of experience both buying files and moving patients but also moving patients as we've closed. This year, we closed a couple of hundred stores. So we know how to do this. We've gotten very good at predicting. We've also gotten obviously very good at engaging our patients. And so we've got a number, and we will -- that is a key assumption. What I would say, though, is as part of our broader retail reconfiguration and strategy, our loyalty program, digital interfacing with our customers and so forth, we believe will enable additional touch points with these customers to both serve them potentially, whether that's a home delivery and other things if they're not as close to a store or indeed engage them in other ways. We are not basing any upside assumption in our underlying model for those things, but we believe it will be meaningfully contributory to bringing most of the patients in many of the stores and some of the patients from other stores along with us. And again, we want to serve every patient, and that is the goal, but we're realistic in terms of that number when we look at these closures particularly.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. And if I can ask a quick follow-up. You talked a lot about deleveraging and getting your net debt down and improving free cash flow. I didn't necessarily hear full endorsement of the current dividend. And I'd just love to understand how you think about it. It's obviously at a pretty elevated level here. Is the dividend as its like part of the strategy for shareholders going forward as far as you think about it or is it something that you're going to keep an eye on for lack of a better way to describe it?
Tim Wentworth: You know what, what you heard Manmohan say is that we have adopted a flexible and pragmatic capital allocation strategy. And we are going to continually evaluate our situation broadly. We are highly committed to being efficient with our capital and to doing the things that you've already heard us talk about. And we will absolutely continue to monitor and make changes to our capital allocation, including better aligning our dividend with our long-term earnings power if we believe that that's the appropriate thing to do. And again, that requires meaningful discussion with our Board on both our long-term plan as well as the dividend that we're paying right now. And those conversations, as you saw early in my tenure here, are continual. And so I don't have any news for you today. We, in fact, believe in the near term, we can continue to monetize these non-strategic assets that Manmohan spoke about earlier to improve our balance sheet over time. But everything's on the table.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for the commentary and additional color. I have a question on the working capital improvement. Can you help me parse out sort of how you are thinking -- I mean, obviously, those come from a variety of different things. You talked about suppliers, store closures. Can you think -- help us think through sort of the bucket of that and how to think about that so we can think about it sort of on a multiyear basis, like, how much is coming from stores versus supplier agreements and other factors?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I'm going to let Manmohan take it other than to just say at the front because I feel I have to. It's the result of a lot of things being very well managed and executed by a team that is extraordinarily focused and aware of the opportunity that we have on working capital. I have never been prouder of a team in terms of the discipline that they brought to bear as you heard, both in terms of CapEx, expenses and working capital. And what you're going to hear is it's not just one thing, it is execution across a number of dimensions of the business. I'll let Manmohan give you a bit more color.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yeah, sure. So for us, as we work through working capital, our goal is always to look at all components of cash conversion cycle. And as you think about some of the initiatives that have played out in fiscal '24, let me just talk about on the retail side. We've talked about assortment mix that we have at the stores today. And one of the initiatives we ran is how do we make sure that we take out unproductive inventory out of the stores and monetize that and replace it with more productive inventory. Now, on the Rx side, things like Nucleus, which is our micro-fulfillment centers, is also giving us ability to optimize our inventory levels within the company as well. And then there are a number of initiatives on our account receivables and improving the collectability and timing of it as well as rightsizing the timing on our accounts payable as well. So, all components of it being looked at. As you think about kind of the incremental opportunities within fiscal '25, store closure is one of them. As we close these locations, it gives us an opportunity to take the remaining inventory and optimize that within the remaining network, and that generates obviously free cash in the year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up, maybe on the OpEx and things, how do you feel like -- I mean, you've obviously executed many years of OpEx improvement. How much more opportunity on the sort of core corporate base, particularly in US retail, do you see available? I know you're sort of talking about, like, on the store count adjusting that. But does that -- how do we think about that as a driver of AOI going forward?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Well, what you just said is really important, which is if we close 1,200 stores as we plan over the next two to three years, then there's no question that there are stranded costs that we will go after. And our goal is to, frankly, be out ahead of those store closures as it relates to managing those costs. So that's important. And it's something that we are very committed to. Second, it is now the culture of the company, I would say, which is that it will be a way of life forever in this company to look at ways that we can get smarter about every dollar that we spend, particularly as it relates to non-direct store-related pieces. I'm -- we are looking -- I'm looking, we are looking, to be able to invest back into our stores, both in terms of capital and frankly in terms of our associates in terms of training and so forth. And so from that standpoint, the things that I think will be different this time as we look at these is we have a management team that's really focused on this topic, we have a level of discipline that I think we've shown already and will continue to show and we execute. And so that will continue. Is the opportunity as big as it was $4 billion ago? No, it's not. But we continue to see meaningful opportunity across our business to improve what we do and do it in a more efficient way. And so that's just going to continue. And there are assumptions in this plan for our continued optimization in advance of those store closures from -- again, principally a corporate level. What you would see in our stores, and I have to say this because you can walk in the stores and see it. We don't have a lot of de-staffing left in the stores at all. Our stores are tight. And so from that standpoint, that's not where you will see us making a difference. And that point, from our standpoint, we know we can come back to you and talk about our strategic positioning, vis-a-vis, Amazon and so forth, but we think those people in our stores are the crucial touch point. And so, there, we're looking to invest even as we right-size our support system.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just diving back in on the US Healthcare side, I appreciate the color you gave on the various different moving pieces, in particular, in VillageMD, but also the dynamics expectations on monetization. Is there anything that's, I guess, holding you back on that front in moving faster? I know, Tim, it's something you've talked about basically since the time you started about recognizing the need to fit the business. And so as you think about the pathway for monetization, given all the dynamics around free cash flow you've discussed, given the questions about flexibility and regarding the dividend, what are some of the thought process we have in terms of understanding the checkpoints you need to see to complete a process for monetization?
Tim Wentworth: Well, the key asset in the US Healthcare business where we are looking to monetize, as you know, is VillageMD. And our goal is to monetize it, but to do it without destroying value unnecessarily. And so from that standpoint, it has been a longer process. I wish I could have wiggled my nose and just made it happen, believe me, because we've declared it's not a crucial part of our future. We also believe it's a great business, and we'll do well on its own. But the process of getting there has been longer than we would have hoped but we're going to be very methodical and very appropriate in trying to preserve value. There are physicians that are part of that, that are outstanding and ensuring that we have thought through their situation and that we become even more of an employer of choice, for example, means that we're going to be really thoughtful about how we do it. And the good news is, you saw us sell Cencora and pay down $1.9 billion of debt over the course of the year. We have ways of dealing with the short-term cash situation, we have a lot of room on the revolver. And so rushing that particular decision would have not achieved anything and would have potentially destroyed even more value. So we'll keep you posted as to what happens there. We're very engaged there. Mary Langowski, and our team working with both the Village team and the other investors, have been relentless, but it is very complicated, and therefore we're going to get it right.
Operator: Thank you. And our last questionnaire coming from the line of Stephanie Davis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Stephanie Davis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just going beyond into the VillageMD kind of topic again. You have a lot of cost reduction that's been going on. But I was hoping you could walk us through any other margin-proven initiatives beyond just cost takeout and location closures? And looking forward, you did announce a new CCO hire that has value-based experience that's very relevant to this business. How should we think about how Jason fits in this puzzle?
Tim Wentworth: I'm sorry, the last part of your question, how should we think about...
Stephanie Davis: How Jason fits the puzzle, the new CCO hire. No one mentioned him yet.
Tim Wentworth: Yeah. No, he's great. I mean, listen, we -- and Jason just sent Mary and I this, a note after his first week about being more excited even than he planned on being based on his conversations with payers, pharma and his colleagues. So listen, margin expansion isn't just cost cutting to your point. And we have a number of growth initiatives that Mary's incubating right now and bringing Jason on should be and is, and I appreciate you recognize it, a clear signal that we believe we have services that are highly valuable to others. We haven't talked today, for example, about pharma company and some of their go-direct initiatives. We are a natural partner there and are, in fact, inside of one of those. And so from that standpoint, I couldn't be more excited to ultimately come and tell you more about some of those growth initiatives. That said, I want to be really clear with you that we're in the early innings of that. And so we have not baked all kinds of upside into our guidance as a result of those, we believe they will take time. The sales cycles, particularly in a B2B are not short in many cases. But boy, we have built -- Mary has built a tremendous team, and I think has laser focus on a number of areas, specialty pharma services, data and analytics and a number of other things where we believe we can double down and having a team, including Jason is meaningful. I'm going to let Mary just -- she can give a little bit more color if she wants because certainly, she has been actually very quietly building a very effective team.
Mary Langowski: Thank you, Tim. Thanks, Stephanie. We've said it before, the US Healthcare business is really focused on a disciplined growth strategy that's really focused on near-term shareholder value creation and cost discipline. And so as part of that, we spent the last six months exiting nonmaterial programs, programs we didn't think would generate growth over the near term. And now we're focused on two primary things, growth of our current core and adjacent assets. So the things that Tim mentioned, specialty pharmacy, Shields, data analytics, our pharma services. And then secondly, doing more of what we do best, which is really built on our core infrastructure and reorienting to the pharmacy business. So, reaching, engaging and activating patients and providing services to payer and pharma. So Jason's really a part of this and a critical part of this with the CVS and Optum experience. He'll be driving a focused approach to commercialization, B2B partnerships and services development.
Operator: Thank you. And I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Tim Wentworth for any closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thank you. And I want to thank everybody for dialing in this morning. I've been reflecting on my first almost year here at Walgreens. And the first thing I would tell you is, if I had it to do over again, I would have only done it more quickly getting here. It has been quite a year. And we've, in that year, built a brand-new team here with six new leaders, all based in Chicago sitting around the table every day, thinking about how to serve our patients better and at the same time, grow our business. And then you just heard about Jason, we have hired a whole coterie of leaders at the next level who are going to enable this strategy beyond the senior leaders that sit around my table. We drove a disciplined approach to capital, and we've achieved aggressive goals for expenses, working capital and CapEx, and we achieved positive cash flow for the year. We reduced our net debt by $1.9 billion, and we simplified our financial reporting, something many of you told us you wanted to see. We held market share in pharmacy for the first time in a number of years. We conducted a thorough strategic review that is driving the VillageMD process we just spoke about. It's driving a meaningful six-pillar retail modernization initiative that includes merchandising, owned brand, loyalty, digital and the footprint evaluation that we spoke about today. We additionally set a framework for multiyear refiguring pharmacy reimbursement. We are meeting the consumer where they are. This guidance does not assume that the consumer is magically stronger in an amazing way by the end of the year. We believe that the consumer needs to be met where they are. I have a brother-in-law, Al Miller, who's one of the experts of real estate in this country, consumer real estate, and we were talking this weekend about the fact the consumer, they may get stronger, but boy, you wouldn't count on it right now. And certainly, many industry counterparts to ours are seeing that. So we've been realistic about the consumer. And as important -- maybe the most important thing we've done is evolve our culture to where over 300,000 team members will be the ultimate differentiator in the lives of our patients and our customers. I look forward to updating you on our progress and updating in upcoming quarters. Thanks very much for dialing in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-06-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Third Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference call over to your speaker today, Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024. I am Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on todays call are Tim Wentworth, our Chief Executive Officer; and Manmohan Mahajan, Global Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mary Langowski, President of U.S. Healthcare; Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Walgreens Chief Pharmacy Officer; and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail and Chief Customer Officer will participate in Q&A. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations are set forth in the press release. You may also refer to the slides posted to the Investor section of our website for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed during this earnings call. We encourage you to review the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation to non-GAAP values in the other earnings materials we provided. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks Tiffany and good morning everyone. While this quarter's results were not in line with our expectations, I want to start today by sharing some reflections on what I've observed since joining WBA. I'm at Walgreens today because I believe in the future of retail pharmacy and particularly, in our future. We are motivated by the trust Americans place every day in their Walgreens Pharmacy and the experience we provide them in our stores and with our digital offerings is important in their lives. Over our 125-year heritage, we have earned the right to engage with patients and customers in a way that few others can rival. I believe that this human-to-human interaction is an imperative in healthcare and the core foundation of our business is the relationship we have with our customers. Through our nationwide footprint, we touched nearly 9 million lives a day as the leading independent integrated retail pharmacy and healthcare provider. This dynamic is why PBMs, payers, providers, and pharma choose to work with Walgreens. Looking back over the last several quarters, we've built a world-class leadership team, including five new members. We now have the right people in place who are already executing with a sense of urgency on a turnaround for our business. All of this is underscored by our 330,000 passionate and dedicated team members who differentiate us and deliver exceptional customer and patient experiences every day. The bottom line is that I'm confident WBA will be a leader in the future of healthcare with pharmacy and retail at its center. And the long-term potential of the company will be shaped by offerings built around the relationship that we've nurtured with our customers over time. But we also acknowledge where we are today and what we need to do to realize our longer-term ambitions. The severity and duration of the challenges in the operating environment have only added urgency to our strategic and operational review, and we are addressing them directly. Our review has been a significant driver of action as we assess both our existing Retail Pharmacy business and our collection of strategic assets. I will unpack the series of conclusions we have reached in greater detail after Manmohan and I review the quarterly results. For the third quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $0.63, reflecting significant challenges in the U.S. Retail Pharmacy business stemming from a worse than expected consumer environment and challenging pharmacy industry trends, partially offset by strength in U.S. healthcare and international. In light of these factors, we are reducing our full year outlook, which Manmohan will take you through in more detail. In U.S. Retail Pharmacy, we witnessed continued pressure on the U.S. consumer. Our customers have become increasingly selective and price sensitive in their purchases. In response, we invested in targeted promotion and price decisions, which have driven traffic and will generate improved customer loyalty, but they weigh on near-term profitability as we refine our approach. We remain relentlessly focused on enhancing the front of store and creating the right omnichannel experience for our customers while driving in-store efficiencies. We also continue to face an incrementally challenging pharmacy industry. Recent trends such as branded mix impacts and increased regulatory and reimbursement pressures, including fluctuations in NADAC pricing have negatively impacted pricing dynamics. Additionally, the script market is growing but continues to trail below pre-pandemic growth levels. These headwinds have affected our performance and are materially weighing on our ability to serve patients profitably. We are at a point where the current pharmacy model is not sustainable and the challenges in our operating environment require we approach the market differently. For example, we are in active discussions with our PBM and payer partners to align incentives and ensure we are paid fairly. We are also working with our suppliers and partnering directly with pharma companies to build out specialty pharmacy, clinical trials and other services, which Walgreens is uniquely positioned to facilitate given our physical footprint and the trust we've already established with patients. In U.S. healthcare, we had another quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA and year-on-year growth, driven by continued growth and disciplined cost management at VillageMD along with strength at shields. Following last quarter's actions to right-size VillageMD's footprint, the business is now on a clearer path to profitability as it continues to add lives and optimize its cost structure. In International, the business continues to perform strongly and in line with expectations. Boots U.K. delivered meaningful retail comp growth and achieved another sequential quarter of market share gains from strength in both physical and digital channels. We continued to execute with discipline across the organization to drive further cost out and prioritize free cash flow. We remain on track to deliver $1 billion in cost savings this year. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, we are operating under the following assumptions. We expect the operating environment to remain challenging. We do not expect an improvement in the U.S. retail environment. And finally, we expect script volume growth to remain muted and anticipate continued pressures on pharmacy margins. In light of these factors, we are reducing our outlook. We now expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share of $2.80 to $2.95 for the fiscal year 2024. While we acknowledge that this range is wider than normal, we believe it is prudent given fluctuations in recent pharmacy industry trends. Consistent with our historic approach, we will provide our outlook for fiscal 2025 on our fiscal year end call in October, but we expect the current trends I've outlined to persist into next year. Before going into details of our strategic review, I'll now turn it over to Manmohan to review our financial results.
Manmohan Mahajan: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter sales grew 2.5% on a constant currency basis. U.S. retail pharmacy increased 2.3%. International was up 1.6% and U.S. Healthcare delivered sales growth of 7.6%. As Tim mentioned, overall results were below our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $0.63 decreased 37% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. This was driven by a $0.24 impact from lower sale leaseback gains, a challenging U.S. retail environment and recent pharmacy trends. Our U.S. healthcare and international segments continued to perform in line with our expectations, and we continue to deliver on our goals related to cost and CapEx reduction and working capital initiatives. As a reminder, last year's GAAP results included after-tax impairment charges of $323 million related to pharmacy license intangible assets in Boots U.K.. Let's move on to the year-to-date highlights. Sales increased 5.6% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS declined 25% on a constant currency basis due to the softer U.S. retail pharmacy performance and significantly lower sale leaseback gains. This was partly offset by cost-saving initiatives, improved profitability in U.S. health care and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. GAAP net loss was $5.6 billion compared to a loss of $2.9 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2023. The first nine months of fiscal 2024 included certain non-cash impairment charges related to VillageMD goodwill as detailed last quarter. The prior year period included a $5.5 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits partly offset by a $1.5 billion after-tax gain on the sale of Cencora and Option Care Health shares. Now let me cover U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. Comparable sales grew 3.5% year-on-year driven by brand inflation and pharmacy and prescription volume, partly offset by a decline in retail sales. AOI decreased 48% versus the prior year quarter. Approximately 70% of this decline relates to lower sale leaseback gains lapping reduced incentive accruals in the prior year and lower Cencora equity income. Challenging retail and pharmacy industry trends also negatively impacted AOI in the current period. Sale leaseback gains net of incremental rent expense, resulted in a $277 million headwind to AOI in the quarter. As discussed three months ago, we do not anticipate any material benefits from sale-leaseback gains going forward. Headwinds in the retail and pharmacy businesses were partly offset by cost savings initiatives. Let me now turn to U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 5.7% driven by brand inflation and volume growth. Comp scripts excluding immunization grew 1.7% in the quarter. We are tracking in line with the overall prescription market year-to-date. However, overall prescription market growth remains below expectations, primarily due to Medicaid redeterminations. Pharmacy adjusted gross margin declined versus the prior year quarter driven by brand mix impacts, reimbursement pressure reflecting last year's negotiations, lower COVID testing demand and incremental pressure from certain generic launches with procurement dynamics similar to brands. Recent fluctuations in NADAC drove an incremental $20 million of the partial quarter impact. Turning next to our U.S. retail business, comparable retail sales declined 2.3% in the quarter. As Tim mentioned, the consumer backdrop remains a challenge. With this continued channel shift and a sustained pullback in discretionary spending, we have responded by lowering prices across health and wellness, personal care and seasonal categories. Where we invested in price and promotions, we saw returns in sales and unit lift. At the same time, value-seeking behavior and new product launches year-to-date helped to drive our own brand penetration up 65 basis points in the quarter. While we're seeing early signs of customers responding to our actions, retail gross margin declined more than previously anticipated due to our price and promo investments this year lapping last year's margin recovery actions as well as higher levels of shrink. This was partly offset by positive impact on gross margin from our category performance improvement initiatives, which are tracking in line with our expectations as we deepen relationship with select suppliers. Turning next to international segment, and as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. Total sales grew 1.6% with Boots U.K. increasing 1.6% and Germany Wholesale up 4.9%. Segment adjusted gross profit increased 2% with growth across all businesses. Adjusted operating income was down 17% due to lapping real estate gains in the prior year period. Let's now cover Boots U.K. in detail. Boots U.K. continues to perform well. Comp pharmacy sales were up 5.8%. Comp retail sales increased 6% with all categories showing growth. Across formats, destination health and beauty, flagship and travel locations performed particularly well. Boots.com sales increased 13.8% year-on-year and represented nearly 16% of our U.K. retail sales. Turning next to U.S. Healthcare. The U.S. Healthcare segment delivered its second consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter sales of $2.1 billion increased 8% compared to prior year quarter. VillageMD sales of $1.6 billion grew 7% year-on-year. The increase was driven by growth in full risk and fee-for-service lives, partly offset by the impact of clinic closures. Shields sales were up 24% driven by growth within existing partnerships. Adjusted EBITDA was $23 million, an improvement of $136 million compared to last year, driven by rightsizing costs, improved productivity at VillageMD and continued robust growth at Shields. Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was negatively impacted by $785 million in payments related to legal matters $386 million in annuity premium contributions related to Boots Pension Plan and underlying seasonality. Capital expenditures declined by $497 million versus the first nine months of fiscal 2023. As a result, free cash flow was down by approximately $1.1 billion versus the prior year. We continue on pace to achieve a year-over-year reduction of $600 million in capital expenditures and $500 million in working capital initiatives in fiscal 2024. I will now turn to guidance. We are lowering our fiscal 2024 adjusted EPS guidance to $2.80 to $2.95. The updated range versus our expectations three months ago, incorporates two key items. First, the U.S. consumer environment has not improved and is driving higher promotional activity, negatively impacting retail margin. We continue to expect fiscal 2024 retail comp sales to be down approximately 3%. Second is the continuation of worse-than-expected pharmacy margin headwinds. Pharmacy margins in the second half include impact from certain generic launches with procurement dynamics similar to brands, fluctuations in NADAC, inflation and mix within branded drugs and lower overall market growth. We are maintaining full year expectations for U.S. Healthcare segment adjusted EBITDA to be breakeven at the midpoint of the guidance range. We continue to expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be under 5%. Our revised full year guidance range implies fourth quarter adjusted EPS of approximately $0.39 at the midpoint. While we're not providing fiscal 2025 guidance today, let me offer key considerations to bridge from fourth quarter to next year. Seasonality impacts all of our businesses and the fourth quarter is typically the lowest quarter of the year. Additionally, we expect profitability growth in U.S. healthcare and international segments. However, as Tim mentioned, there are other factors discussed on today's call that we assume will impact fiscal 2025. Our decision to wind down the sale-leaseback program, sales Cencora shares and a more normalized adjusted effective tax rate are expected to have an approximately $0.75 impact in fiscal 2025. In retail, despite easing comparisons, we do not anticipate significant improvement in the U.S. consumer spending backdrop. We are especially seeing signs of strain on the lower income consumer, driven by accumulated inflation and depleted savings. While we're adopting our model, these changes will take time. We expect to see some pharmacy headwinds continue in fiscal 2025. However, we are focused on stabilizing pharmacy margins as we continue to have active discussions with our PBM, payer and supplier partners. We have more hard work ahead of us, and we are focused on building a solid foundation for the future. Driving the stabilization of our business and returning to longer-term enterprise growth. With that, let me pass it back to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Manmohan. Let me now turn to our strategic review. Since launching our strategic and operational review at the beginning of the calendar year, we have been clear eyed on what we're trying to achieve and everything has been on the table. We have a deep understanding of the opportunities and complexities and we have come to a number of important conclusions. Some will take more time to execute as we maximize optionality, but all of them are aligned around three principles to drive long-term shareholder value. First, to simplify and focus our business. Second, to use our core foundation, our relationship with our customers to grow and expand in capital-efficient ways into adjacent areas. And third, to continue to identify opportunities to deliver profitable growth, generate meaningful cash flow, and strengthen our strategically-relevant businesses today and long-term. Before unpacking the details, I want to reinforce the most important conclusion from our review. The Retail Pharmacy experience will be more important to the healthcare industry in the years ahead, but it will evolve. With widespread demand for convenient healthcare solutions, including chronic diseases, and nationwide labor shortages, the pharmacy and pharmacists have never been more important. Our Retail Pharmacy business is uniquely positioned to expand the role we play in the lives of our patients who have come to expect and need retail pharmacy at the center of their care. So, let me begin this discussion around our strategic decisions with our core business, U.S. Retail Pharmacy. The success of the business hinges on an efficient, highly relevant customer experience, and we've launched a multifaceted action plan for improvement. As the convenient destination for millions of customers and driving $27 billion of retail sales, the store and its digital channels are central to our strategy and consumer experience. But the customers involved, demographics and preferences have shifted, and we need to reposition and operate our stores accordingly. Currently, 75% of our U.S. stores contribute roughly 100% of segment AOI. For the remaining 25% of the stores in our network, which are not currently contributing to our long-term strategy, changes are imminent. To start, we are finalizing a multifactor store footprint optimization program which we expect will include the closure of a significant portion of these underperforming stores over the next three years. Plans to finalize this number are in motion and we will update you in due course. For the remaining portion of this cohort, we are taking action to return them to profitability and deliver an improved customer experience. We will contemplate additional closures if performance does not improve, which includes external factors such as reimbursement rates. While it is not an easy decision to close a store, we will work to minimize customer disruptions and importantly, as we have done in the past, we intend to redeploy the vast majority of the workforce in those stores that we close. In addition to these closures, we are taking a series of actions and making investments to enhance the customer and patient experience across several key areas. First, we are reevaluating our assortment to ensure its relevancy, leveraging select partners and our own brands. This means we will work with fewer partners who are helping us win. For example, in the last quarter alone, we've removed eight national brands and redeployed those SKUs towards own brands and preferred partners within health and wellness categories. We are sharpening our focus as a destination for areas we are uniquely positioned to lead such as health and beauty and women's health. We are accelerating our digital and omnichannel offerings to meet our customers when, where and how they want to engage. We continue to deliver approximately 80% of same-day delivery orders within one hour and we see upside for improvement. As the ultra-convenient option for our over 120 million myWalgreens loyalty members, we have plans to meaningfully build our loyalty program. We are doubling down on our efforts to define the future of pharmacy in this country. As I mentioned earlier, this starts with changing the dialogue with payers and PBMs to ensure we are paid fairly for the value we provide. We are also investing in the industry's best talent. For example, as we focus on leading in the development and elevation of the pharmacy industry profession, we are partnering with critical stakeholders such as our Deans Advisory Council to help advance our work environment and make WBA the practice setting destination of choice for pharmacy talent. Just two weeks ago, we spent two full days with 14 deans of pharmacy across our country engaging in productive discussions to reinvigorate the community pharmacy labor supply chain. And we are enhancing our pharmacy services, like immunizations, to attract more patients through an improved experience and enhanced digital solutions. We've significantly decreased the average wait time per customer in the highest volume stores, and this is a result of several initiatives underway to improve the patient experience and increase retention. Finally, with a mindset for driving continuous improvement throughout the organization, we are committed to operating with excellence and identifying further efficiencies in both our headquarters and our retail operations. We are restructuring our organization around these conclusions to streamline and ensure efficient development and deployment of services to go to market as one Walgreens with more impact for our industry partners and to help close critical gaps in delivery of healthcare. In that regard, Mary Langowski, our President of U.S. Healthcare, will assume responsibility for operations of specialty pharmacy, pharma and manufacturer relations and contracting, supply chain, and all services development and deployment. With these operations now under one team, we will be better aligned to go where the market is moving, sharpen our contracting, operate more efficiently and achieve better economic outcomes. And Rick Gates, our Chief Pharmacy Officer, will take on an even greater role in defining the future of pharmacy from a strategic, operational and labor force perspective. Turning to our broader portfolio, we have evaluated every non-retail pharmacy asset, prioritizing strategic fit, profit growth potential and cash flow generation. With that in mind, we have already stopped or will stop initiatives that distract from our focus and will grow in areas that create longer-term shareholder value. Let me touch on several of our larger assets. Our review of Boots UK showed that we have attractive options to unlock value in this business. While we believe there is significant interest in Boots at the right time, its growth, strategic strength and cash flow remain key contributors to the company. We are committed to continuing to invest in Boots UK and find innovative ways for this business to fulfill its potential. Moving next to VillageMD, which currently includes three distinct assets in VillageMD, Summit Health and CityMD, we believe in the future of these businesses and intend to remain an investor and partner. But as part of our persistent focus on value creation for WBA, we are collaborating with leadership toward an endpoint to rapidly unlock liquidity, enhance optionality and position them for additional growth. As it relates to shields, its performance, growth and leadership team remain best-in-class and serve as a complement to our core specialty business in the market. We are not taking action at this time. We are committed to executing on all of these decisions in a timely manner that maximizes shareholder value while creating optionality. And I look forward to providing more details as we progress. Before opening the call up for Q&A, let me leave you with four thoughts. First, our core retail pharmacy business is relevant, but will be different. Second, we have the right team and the right strategy to enhance our focus, strengthen our own execution and ultimately turn around the business performance. Third, there is a clear market need for our services, but our economics are not currently structured in a way that is sensible for our shareholders. We have a firm grasp of the issues and are working to address these challenges in our business model. Fourth, while it may take time, and there's a great deal of work underway, I am confident we are executing on the conclusions from our strategic review thoughtfully and urgently to deliver the Walgreens that our country needs. With that, let's begin Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. And Tim, thanks for all the comments and the color. I really just want to understand just a couple of things a little bit better. One, you know you started with your core thoughts, and that the core will be different than what we see today. So one, what do you view as the future of pharmacy? And within that, can you talk about the conversations that you're having with payers and PBMs around what the new reimbursement model will look like? And then just my second question would be, just when we think about the financial side. You've called out NADAC pricing on Medicaid, and I think Manmohan said that it was $20 million in this quarter. Is that a material number when we think about, you know, going forward, if you can put any numbers around, that would be great. Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Lisa. So big question. Future pharmacy, I'll take quickly. And then I'll let Mary Langowski, talk a little bit more detail about our payer conversations. Obviously, we won't get specific. But needless to say, they have I think, changed both in tenor and content and are constructive. And then I'll let Manmohan talk about NADAC. You know, as far as the future of pharmacy -- retail pharmacy in particular, which we talk about the store as part of an overall experience, we are working to essentially meet the consumer where they are today and where they need us to be. And there are a number of elements to that, both in the back of the store and in the front of the store. And so -- and I don't want to take as much time as we take to take you in detail through all of those pieces. But at the front of the store, you saw us talk about footprint, which leaves us a more rational investment horizon in terms of them bringing up to the standard that our customers would expect the store experience as well as the assortment that we would have for them reducing our -- using almost a PBM-like approach to formulary to how we work with national brands being deeper with fewer in order to both drive better economics and better outcomes for them. As well as I saw yesterday a really exciting presentation on where we're taking our loyalty program. And so again, how we engage with our most valuable consumers as well as everything from home delivery, omnichannel and freeing up our store managers to really have flexibility in their framework, changing their compensation program dramatically in order to incent outcomes in their individual stores and have them act as owners. That's the front of the store. The back of the store, we know, and Rick and the team have done a tremendous amount of work around automating the workflow at the back of the store. As you know, we had paused our investment in backend automation, but we have pushed forward. We are continuing to drive and ultimately are highly committed to having that be a key part of how we both free up labor to do higher order things as well as be more efficient. Also at the back of the store, the dean's council, we spent two detailed days working with the deans of 15 pharmacy schools as well as the trade association, or association of deans rather, looking deeply at community pharmacy as a preference, what we can do to be a leader in that space, design of -- we're talking about design of curricula, so these pharmacists come out of school excited. And importantly, starting even as far back as middle school, to animate and excite sort of potential future pharmacists to the idea of community pharmacy, where unlike hospital pharmacy, you have the opportunity to build long-term relationships with your patients. So the supply chain of labor we're taking super seriously, both in terms of the effectiveness of it, but also the size and the sort of skill set. Our contracting strategy is a key part of what we do in the back of the store, expansion of pharma services. I got an email yesterday from the CEO of a major vaccine manufacturer, who again, wanted to make sure that we were on the edge of our seat, getting excited about what their innovation was going to bring and how we were going to play a role in that. So a lot there between the front and the back, but you don't need the number of stores we have today. We have a very clear picture of what we need to do there. We will have more details to follow. With that, I'll turn it over briefly to Mary, to just go a little bit more color for you with the payer conversations that we've had, which I believe are highly constructive, and then Manmohan.
Mary Langowski: Yes. Thank you, Tim. And thank you, Lisa. Quite frankly, we are laser focused on being paid fairly for the value we provide. And you know, put simply, the playbook is a bit dated and does not account for, nor does it adequately or fairly pay for the role and value that we think the pharmacist is bringing in delivering services. We also don't think it accounts adequately for the complexity that we now face in the system. And it certainly doesn't facilitate putting pharmacotherapy and behavioral interventions at the center of chronic disease management in this country. We think that has to change. And so we're collaborating with our PBM partners across the industry to make those changes.
Tim Wentworth: And Manmohan.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes. Hi, Lisa. This -- so on NADAC, maybe a couple of thoughts. First, we've seen significant fluctuations in the last several months on the index itself. We had $20 million of impact in the quarter, but you got to think about that was a partial quarter impact. Now, we have seen some improvement as the index again was updated in June. However, we are taking a very prudent approach as it relates to Q4 and the guidance for the year. And I'd say this is one of the reason the fluctuations we've seen on NADAC is one of the reason why we have the broader range as we put out the fiscal year guidance at this point.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee with TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Tim, I wanted to touch a little bit more on, on the strategy to looking at this 25% of stores that are underperforming. And a lot of these are under probably long-term leases. And I just wondering, sort of what your cash flow position is to be able to affect getting out of these leases perhaps earlier than intended. And maybe also, when you look at these stores, how much of the underperformance is just purely a broad retail issue of just a weak consumer versus maybe stores that are facing higher levels of shrink. And thus, when you close those stores, does that solve a lot more of your margin problem all at once?
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Charles. So I'll take the first part. As far as leases, one of the good news stories here is we actually opened stores over a long period of time that I think was widely acknowledged to be on the best corners in America. And so in many cases, as we close stores, we believe there is the opportunity to not simply carry the lease as a drug store over a period of time. And we are actually part of something I haven't talked about, but an underpinning of our strategic review is actually engaging in a different way as it relates to how we handle our exits of stores and leases so that we actually have a much less probabilistic overhang as we look at those things. So we think actually -- you certainly do have some carry on the balance sheet for those leases over time. We think they can be minimized. We're actually going back and looking at leases that we'd already sort of just taken as dark because we think there's gold in them thar hills, as they say. So from that standpoint, we're going to be highly disciplined on the leases, and that's part of our underlying economic analysis of what stores to close as well. So it needs to be clear that, that is a multifactor analysis super detailed and that is one of the elements of it. As far as what sort of the profitability impact is and the underlying dynamics that might cause a store to -- or the underlying benefit of closing the store, I'll let Tracey Brown, who obviously is President of our stores talk a bit more about that because it is -- that's also not as simple as just high shrink stores, for example. Tracey?
Tracey Brown: Yes. Thank you, Tim, and thank you, Charles. So as Tim has mentioned, this is a multi-factored disciplined way of looking at where to close. Yes, shrink is an issue in some stores, but we have our eyes on our high shrink stores all the time. The second thing is consumer behavior, consumer trends and where you look at the market and where our stores are located in terms of the markets that are growing versus the markets that are declining. Third, you actually have to look at like the competitive landscape in each of these markets. And then the fourth thing that I would say is we are actually looking at how we are actually leveraging our assortment in these markets. So there are multiple levers that we look at that go into the model that drive underperformance. The other thing that I will say is there are stores that would be on this bubble, we're also taking a focused approach on those stores to get them in the right context. And I guess the last thing that I would say, Charles, this is a multi-level set of factors that come into play between ourselves, between local state officials between law enforcement. There are a lot of players in these markets that need to partner with us in order to make sure that we are growing those that need to grow and those that are not, we're taking the appropriate action.
Tim Wentworth: Yes. Let me just add to that because that is such an important point from a policy and our country standpoint. The fact of the matter is we know that we are the last company standing in a lot of places. We are the only thing standing between those places and being pharmacy deserts. And our goal is not simply to be the last one to leave. Our goal is to actually find new ways to work together, whether it's a State Medicaid programs, whether it is local law enforcement and so forth for them to do their jobs so that we can do our jobs and continue to provide care in those communities.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Percher with Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Two related questions relative to gross margin in the pharmacy. And I think, first, if we look at the retail gross margin, it appears to be at a low point relative to the last 10 years. Can you give us a bit more on the discounting that you engaged in and your expectation for that through the fourth quarter and how you expect it to taper and then the second part is looking at NADAC, if it was $20 million over a month and change and you're saying conservative over the second or this full quarter, are you assuming that there's still more expansion as it flows from Medicaid to commercial? Or do you think we can -- we've kind of seen the peak in this month and change?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I'm going to pass it to Manmohan in just a second. What I'd say is, first of all, as it relates to commercial and NADAC, I believe what Rick would say, if I pass it over to him would be that while we do have some commercial contracts that use NADAC, those conversations we're having around sort of neutrality in terms of outcomes, that's actually the easier part of NADAC, quite frankly. As it relates to the gross margin in pharmacy, I will pass it to Manmohan and as I quickly would point out, gross margin is not only discounting, it is also mix and so forth. And so Manmohan, if you want to talk more about that.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, as you think about the gross margin on the retail pharmacy side, maybe a couple of themes there. Let me start on the retail side. And what we experienced in the third quarter, and we think the trend is going to continue in Q4 is the environment didn't improve as we anticipated. And as a result, we focused on investing in price and promotion. Now we've seen the unit and sales uplift as a result thereof, but at the same time, there is impact on the gross margin in the short term. And so that is coming through, and we expect that's going to continue along the same lines in Q4. The second piece that does impact our gross margin year-over-year is the level of shrink. And I think we talked about shrink in the last couple of calls as well. We have seen it on an increase in trends, and there are a number of actions that Tracey and the team are taking to bring it back to historical normals. On the pharmacy side, then on the margin, a couple of themes playing out, NADAC is one of them significant fluctuation, as I said earlier in the call, we have seen some level of improvement as the index itself changed in June. But as I said, we're -- at this point, the level of fluctuations we have seen month-over-month, we're just being prudent in terms of what can play out here in Q4. Outside of that, the last point I'd say is there are some market dynamics that we experienced in Q3 as well and some will play in Q4 and maybe a couple of those to point out is there are certain generic launches where the procurement dynamics continues to be just like branded and so that is impacting our gross margin on the pharmacy side. And then lastly, I'd say the mix that's coming in on the branded side is also having a negative impact on the margin. So that's maybe overall profile of what's driving our margin in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I have 2 questions. One is just about your commentary around prescriptions and not back to prepandemic level. I guess I find that a little surprising just because overall healthcare utilization is so strong. So, do you think it's a market share issue? Is it a pharmacist issue? I know you lost some pharmacists during the pandemic. Maybe if you can provide some updates on that. I know you mentioned Medicaid, but it was my understanding Medicaid is pretty small as a percentage of total revenue. So any other detail would be great. And then my second question is just, I guess, bigger picture. I know you're not giving all the details about the strategic review, but your stock is down a lot premarket. Like do you have a sense for maybe some of your longer term investors, when you think you could stabilize operating profit in the Retail segment and free cash flow? Is it like a 2026 timeframe? Like any update on the timeframe when you think you can recover this business would be great? Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. And by the way, we share the same goal that your second question implicitly implies, which is to be very clear, as you've heard us say, or let me make sure you hear us say, we actually have a really strong level of conviction around the core business that we are remodeling here. It will be very different Walgreens in a lot of ways, a different experience. But by the same token, we see a clear stabilization and actual growth path for that business. It is going to take time. We're not going to give you guidance, but it's quarters, not months. It's not necessarily multiple years, but it is probably a period of time that we will have to demonstrate to you and frankly, to our consumer that we are going to deserve their preference. As it relates to the share dynamics and sort of why share is growing more slowly, and you're right, it's not just Medicaid, although that does impact things. The Medicaid reenrollment challenges, by the way, which many of our urban stores could have played a role and if we were to have a closer relationship with Medicaid, and we are having some of those discussions do -- is one factor. But Rick, do you want to talk more broadly?
Rick Gates: Yes. And I think as you look at volume, I think we stated that we are growing with market right now. So, it's not just a Walgreens thing, it is a market dynamic. And so when you look at Medicaid redetermination as an example, Medicaid enrollment really ballooned during the pandemic as, obviously, they were not moving people outside of the Medicaid coverage. And so what we've seen is that states has continued to move patients out. We're seeing upwards of closer to 18 million to 20 million individuals who've moved out of Medicaid coverage and either they have to go out and find coverage like either discount cards, individual plans or get into commercial plans. And so we've seen a dynamic where they actually have not picked up coverage as quickly and utilization has dropped. And so what I think we're seeing is that pandemic, we were running closer to 4%, 4.5% towards the end of it from a market growth perspective, pre-pandemic was closer to 2.5%. And I think what we're seeing right now is we're actually running below the 2.5% from a market perspective and obviously, we're trying to track with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to expand on Charles' question a little bit. If we were to just do simple math of the stores that you've identified, the 25% stores. And let's just say those stores were gone as of today, what would be the financial impact on the company right now? Like what would be the change in terms of your gross profit or your EBIT or however you want to define it? And then the follow-up to that is of those 25 stores, I appreciate you calling out that you expect to retain most of the workforce. What is the expectation on the retention of Rx of the scripts in those stores? Meaning, usually when you close a store or relocate a store, you oftentimes are able to keep a vast majority of those scripts. Has there been an analysis of that done yet? Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks for the question. I'll take the second half, which is absolutely, that's a key part of the analysis and underlying assumptions that we have experience with. Obviously, as you may know, we've been closing multiple hundreds of stores over the last several years and we've gotten very good at being able to not only move those scripts in those patients more importantly, but also to predict sort of what the drop-off would be based on certain circumstances. So, it is a key part of the analysis. The short answer is we retain nearly all of them, not all of them necessarily but nearly all of them and certainly in a way that makes the underlying overall economics of closing the store makes sense. As it relates to essentially a pro forma of what the business looks like with all of that gone, which would be fairly complex because of a number of factors that you have to assume and that we have assumed, but we wouldn't want to necessarily put out their guidance right now. I'll let Manmohan talk a bit more though about those dynamics.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, look, I think from an analytics perspective, as we think through the closure, maybe two points there, 25% is the overall footprint that we're evaluating. And as Tim mentioned, it's not that all of them are foreclosures. So, we're going through the detailed analysis store by store, where we can improve the performance and bring them back into the portfolio and what's the remaining part where we need to take the action. Now Tracy mentioned a number of -- several factors that go into our determination of where we need to take the action. I'd say maybe I focus on the financial side. It's really driven, it comes down to the cash flow analysis, is cash flow positive to keep it open or cash flow positive to close. And so decision to close typically would result in accretion both on the cash as well as on the adjusted EPS side. And then so far retention is concerned, yes, I think Tim covered that as well. We've closed 2,000 locations over the last 10 years. So at this point, I think we have a pretty good view of -- depending upon the location of the stores, what would be the retention on the scrip side?
Tim Wentworth: Yes, and let me be clear about one additional thing. We are extremely focused on the fact that closing those stores means we have to reduce our fixed costs that support those stores as well. So, if you're trying to model it, what you would need to do is assume some percentage of stores and then back out the fixed cost because we will be highly disciplined at ensuring that any fixed costs that are being carried by those stores are also removed, which is what makes closing the stores in part very attractive.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. So, I don't want to get too far ahead of this reboot plan, but Tim you talked about 25% of the stores in the strategic review that you've outlined. How do you feel comfortable that, that's the right number of stores to be evaluated? And in the event that we play this forward and, let's say you closed 25% of stores, how will you be judging about whether or not that's the appropriate footprint to give the right coverage for payers to give the right localized coverage to your point to retain the scripts that you like. I'm just trying to get a sense of a little more detail on how you landed most of that number and why we should sit here today thinking that is the right number?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I would tell you that we have not only ourselves using our models, but used a very aggressive outside firm that brings incredibly thoughtful models to the table and have done this in other scenarios to challenge our thinking. And so listen, there's no one exact right number. Let's be clear. There are a group of stores that are clear. There are a group of stores that we will be working to see whether or not they make sense and one of the factors that we actually factor in is our payer mix. But I also want to be clear, this industry has been reducing its capacity over the last several years, and that is not a bad thing. I think most of us knew, when I was in the PBM business, I knew that retail pharmacy was largely overbuilt for where the future was going to be, particularly given the possibility of technology, home delivery and so forth. And so, for us, that's another factor as well as the number of stores we may need to serve a particular payer today may be very different than what it would have been 10 years ago. I mean, if you look at the Department of Defense as a contracting entity, they have minimum standards and they're very tough and they don't require 70,000 pharmacies, let's be clear in their network. So we think that reducing capacity in the industry is not a bad thing. We think it's good for the labor so that we're not actually overusing pharmacists in stores that we don't need. But we also think that from a payer standpoint, we are going to be positioned to serve payers very effectively with the footprint that remains.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I don't know maybe a short term one and then maybe a longer-term one. On this year, obviously, you had a nice quarter-over-quarter improvement in free cash flow. Can you help us think about sort of the free cash flow expectations for the fourth quarter and then sort of maybe anything you can say directionally on 2025? And then as we think about some of these payer conversations that you've been having I mean, have any of the payers sort of agreed on terms that kind of help stabilize things for, I don't know, starting 01/01/25? Is this like more of a longer-term kind of conversation? Any other color you could provide on that ad would be very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. So I'll turn it over to Manmohan for the free cash flow conversation. And then Mary to give you any color on payer conversations. What I would remind you of is that we're fairly or right in the middle of those conversations now. It wouldn't be appropriate to necessarily characterize any one of them, but they're super encouraging, and I think Mary can talk a little bit more about that at this juncture. But Manmohan, you want to talk about the cash flow?
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. So from a third quarter perspective, we did have positive free cash flows in the quarter, and that was aided in part by the working capital improvements in the quarter as well as decreased capital expenditures. As you think about the first nine months of the year though, the cash flows are impacted by lower earnings and then $785 million of payments related to legal matters as well as the phasing on the working capital. As we think through Q4, we expect Q4 free cash flow to be positive, similar to third quarter. And that is including a roughly around $150 million payment related to opioid in the quarter. And then maybe finally, I'd say, look, this is a top priority for us in the company. And all the actions we've outlined and will continue to boost the cash flow position here.
Operator: Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: And then Mary. Sorry, I'll let Mary take the piece of -- characterizing our conversations.
Mary Langowski: Right. I won't speak to specific payer conversations. But I will say that there is an understanding and a collaboration going on that some of these models need to change, and we're reshaping our current negotiations on brand versus generic reimbursement. And obviously, in discussions on some of these new models, new payment models that are out there. We, I think, are seeing an understanding that we need to align incentives better. And just as I said before, that the old playbook is old, and it's not currently serving to the system.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thanks.
Tim Wentworth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
George Hill: Good morning, guys. And thanks for taking the questions. I just kind of have a quick one for Manmohan. You talked about the $0.75 of earnings contribution in fiscal 2024 that wasn't expected to continue. And you guys have talked about the challenges in fiscal 2024 in retail pharmacy, kind of expected to persist in fiscal 2025. I know you guys aren't ready to give full year 2025 guidance yet, but I just want to make sure, are we kind of talking about an earnings number in the low $2 range, given where the current fiscal 2024 guidance is and I guess my follow-up would be, is there -- are there any other like moving pieces as it relates to cash flow for fiscal 2025 that you guys would call out now. Thanks.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure, George. So on the earnings for fiscal 2025, you're right, we're not providing guidance, but we will come back and provide detailed information and guidance in October. But what we offered in the prepared remarks is a couple of things to consider as you bridge to 2025. First is Q4 seasonality impacts all of our businesses and you think about vaccinations, you think about cough cold season, you think about the holiday season impacting the retail sales. So seasonality drives Q4 to be typically our lowest quarter, and so you got to consider that. And second is, we do expect profitability growth, both in our U.S. Healthcare segment as well as in our International segment as we move into fiscal 2025. However, said that, there are a few headwinds. And the biggest one here is as we think about our decision to wind down the sale-leaseback program, sale of Cencora shares and then you consider a more normalized tax rate into fiscal 2025 that we believe will result in approximately $0.75 headwind in. And then on the retail side, you have to consider  we do believe the environment will continue to be challenging here in 2025 from a consumer perspective. But there is a little bit of easing comparisons as you think about 2024 versus 2025. And on the pharmacy side, some of these headwinds will continue as you think through this. So these are all kind of the building blocks as you work through modeling 2025.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Stephanie Davis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Stephanie Davis: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question. I have a question. This might be best for Mary, but maybe Tim, I'd love for you to weigh in on the future of the U.S. Healthcare strategy. Just given the plan to exit VillageMD, and the idea that value-based strategies often take a few years in order to get profitable versus some of your near-term profitability goals. What's the forward take on the need to be in the value-based strategy for the best of U.S. Healthcare? And could we see this become more of a fee-for-service asset going forward?
Tim Wentworth: Yes. I will let Mary. I would remind all the listeners, Mary joined about three months ago and brings tremendous experience and relationships in this space, understands it well. And I want to be clear; we are big believers in value-based healthcare. Actually, pharmacy is the value-based healthcare provider in the ecosystem. Quite frankly, if you really look at cost for outcomes and the work that we can do to impact those outcomes, so we love the fact that we actually own what will be seen over the next 20 years and needed as the most valuable part of the healthcare ecosystem. And frankly, the most accessible, that's number one. Number two, as it relates to VillageMD and that model, we like that model. That's why we've said we would continue to have some investment and it's participate in their growth. It will take time and as I said, we are looking for a different horizon for what we're going to be investing in strategically under our own leadership. But Mary, do you want to talk more generally about that question as it relates to U.S. Healthcare strategy and Village in fee-for-service versus value.
Mary Langowski: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Stephanie. In the U.S. Healthcare business, we are laser focused on being extremely disciplined around where we will focus, what we will do and importantly, what we'll stop doing. So there are areas where we'll grow and double down. And those areas fit the lens Tim articulated earlier. Those things have high-growth potential. They build on our core business. We're streamlining how we operate, as we discussed around going to market with higher impact, how we develop services and how we partner across the industry with payers, health systems at-risk providers as well as pharma manufacturers. And then third, we'll stop things and frankly, we already have stopped certain things that don't fit this lens or create near-term value. In some cases, we'll exit or restructure those things. So it's important that we stay really laser-focused on that. With respect to value-based care, we have already articulated that we don't have plans to continue to invest in brick-and-mortar owned primary care practices. Now having said that, we believe strongly, as Tim said, in value-based care as well as in VillageMD and we believe in these businesses and payers believe in these businesses and consumers, frankly, love getting their care in these types of businesses. But what we've stated, and I'll say it again, is we'll be a partner to VillageMD in an ongoing way. We'll continue to be an investor. But what we're really looking to do is invest in capital-light services to be a broader partner across the industry. With a range of providers and with a range of payers as well as a range of pharmaceutical manufacturers. And we think we're really well positioned to do that, particularly based on the conversations we've already been having over the last three months. we are very complementary to a lot of players in the system, and they frankly want what we have that they don't have, which is reach our ability to reach people, our ability to engage them and our ability to create interventions in really critical moments. So that's what we're planning to do.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Tim Wentworth for closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thanks, everyone, for the questions and for dialing in. Just to leave you with a couple of thoughts. First of all, our team is very clear that we are in a turnaround. We have a clear eye view of the things we need to do we have gone very deep in understanding every part of this business and being realistic about the baseline we're resetting for growth. Second, we have a team that is literally, I believe, one of the best teams any company could ever have. I am extremely blessed to work with a group of folks who not only work effectively together but are relentlessly focused on the challenge and most importantly, highly committed and believe in the future of our business, the retail pharmacy experience that patients and payers and pharma companies need us to be. Retail pharmacy is central to the future of the experience that we're going to create and the growth that we will have. It is necessary, but it will be different and over the coming quarters, we look forward to showing you as well as telling you how it will be different and the kind of results that it will achieve in a more capital friendly way. And finally, we are very clear about our role as stewards of capital and making investments that make sense. We have some great assets that are part of our company today. We're going to be thoughtful about how we continue to improve the value of those assets, or do other things that make sense based on our longer-term strategy. So thanks again. We look forward to sharing more in the coming quarters.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-03-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by. morning. Welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Chris Dale, Group Vice President, Finance, Planning and Analysis. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. I'm Chris Dale, Group Vice President of Financial, Planning and Analysis, filling in Tiffany. Joining me on today's call are Tim Wentworth, our Chief Executive Officer; Mary Langowski, President of US Healthcare and Manmohan Mahajan, Global Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Walgreens Chief Pharmacy Officer and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail and Chief Customer Officer, will participate in Q&A. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 2, and those outlined in our latest Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations are set forth in the press release. You may also refer to the slides posted to the Investors section of our website, for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed during this earnings call. We encourage you to review the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation to non-GAAP values and other earnings materials we provided. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. WBA's second quarter operational results were in line with our expectations despite continued challenges in the U S. retail environment. Adjusted EPs of $1.20 reflects good execution and cost discipline in our U.S. retail pharmacy segment, continued strong performance in the international, our first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA in U.S. Healthcare, and positive impacts from tax planning benefits. During the quarter, we recognized a $5.8 billion after-tax non-cash goodwill impairment charge net of non-controlling interest related to our investment in VillageMD. This charge is excluded from any of our adjusted non-GAAP earnings measures. We are narrowing full year adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $3.20 to $3.35. This guidance reflects the challenging retail environment in the U.S. and our decisions to both winddown the sale leaseback program and to sell additional shares of Cencora in a further effort to simplify our financial reporting. We expect these impacts to be partially offset by execution in pharmacy services and tax favorability. We have recently solidified our leadership team, which I believe has the capabilities and commitment to best lead WBA into its future. Once again, I'm excited to welcome our newest WBA leaders who were announced this quarter. Elizabeth Burger, as Chief Human Resources Officer, Lanesha Minnix as Chief Legal Officer, and Mary Langowski as President of U.S. Healthcare. They joined Manmohan Mahajan, who was confirmed as our Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Leonard, who was named our Chief Corporate Affairs Officer in rounding out our Executive Committee. Together, our Executive Committee is comprised of individuals that bring an established track record of operational excellence and are all based together in Chicago, working to drive collaboration and acting with urgency to drive results. Over the next three months, we will continue the intense review of our portfolio of assets in an effort to ensure that each contributes to the growth we aspire to deliver and drives our go-forward strategy to be the leading retail pharmacy and health services partner that creates deep relationships and trust. Let me share further detail on the progress happening across our businesses to date. In our U.S. retail pharmacy business, we are navigating a challenging backdrop and exploring innovative pathways to boost profitability and growth. Within retail, our US customers confronting considerable pressure from multiyear inflationary trends and depleted household savings with US household debt at record levels and delinquency rates on the rise. Our shopper is making deliberate choices to seek value resulting in channel shifting behavior. We're responding to these market dynamics by making investments in key value items and focusing our capabilities to engage with customers in an intelligent, targeted way. Additionally, we have implemented initiatives to improve front-end performance. We are leaning into the massive and timely opportunity to increase own brand penetration, now standing at 17.1%, up 95 basis points year-over-year. We expect that we can further expand with a meaningful margin advantage over national brands. We plan to deepen our partnership with a reduced set of national suppliers, carefully selecting who we work with alongside our own brands. Operationally, we're intensely focused on the customer experience and meeting customers where, when, and how they want to shop. That means enhancing the experience not only in-store, but ordering online for pickup in-store and also same -day delivery, where over 80% of orders are received in less than an hour. Additionally, we are empowering our store managers and field leaders to share in our companys anticipated growth and increase their ability to impact areas that matter most to their stores and their customers. To do this, we are realigning incentives in an effort to place much greater weight on individual store performance. Moving to pharmacy, we delivered another quarter of strong execution with outperformance in pharmacy services led by our vaccines portfolio. While market growth was slower than originally anticipated, we maintained market share. Our 11 micro-fulfillment centers currently support 4, 600 stores, which is over half our footprint. Earlier this year, we talked about pausing the rollout of additional micro fulfillment centers as we work to optimize the model that gives our pharmacists and technicians the ability to spend more time on customer-facing activities and less time on core dispensing. We are seeing benefits, such as improved MPA scores, patient retention, and adherence. Not only is this better for the patient, it improves team member retention and talent acquisition as they perform more of the clinical activities that they are so well-trained to do. We are focused on creating an environment that makes us the practice setting of choice for pharmacists. In fact, earlier this month, we kicked off our first Dean's Advisory Council meeting with the mission of re-energizing and evolving the definition of community pharmacy as demand for pharmacy services increases while the industry faces a pronounced labor shortage. We are on a mission to achieve provider status for our pharmacists given their influence, which was so clearly highlighted during the pandemic. This would allow them to be reimbursed for providing select health care services to patients. These are highly trained clinical professionals just five miles or less from most Americans whose scope of practice goes well beyond dispensing medications and includes immunizations, patient counseling, and point-of-care testing for infectious diseases. As an example of what is ultimately possible, in the UK, the NHS Pharmacy First Service, which launched on January 31st, expands the role of Boots pharmacists throughout England to advise and prescribe for the treatment of seven common health conditions. This model serves as a use case of new ways to fully deploy pharmacist capabilities to lighten the burden on the broader healthcare system. Speaking of value, there is real opportunity for change and transparency in reimbursement models to help slow the inflationary pressures on drug prices and our patients' wallets. We already operate in the number of cost-plus and other alternative reimbursement models very successfully and welcome any model that reimburses us for the unmatched value we provide patients. We are having more active and constructive conversations with PBMs and other payers around cost-plus models. Many of these discussions are still in early stages, but they share a general theme. There is value to all from a transparent, predictable model where what patients pay at the counter is rationally tied to the cost of the drug. We don't expect an industry shift to happen overnight, as there are a number of dynamics that need to be worked out, but it's especially encouraging to see PBMs and payers open to these models. Now turning to U.S. Healthcare, we have reached an important milestone, delivering our first ever quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA and another quarter of significant year-on-year growth. Shields continues to deliver strong top and bottom line performance as their differentiated model is driving significant value for health system partners, which has resulted in several recent long-term extensions. VillageMD's actions to accelerate profitability, including recent rightsizing of their cost structure, optimizing their clinic footprint, and growing patient panels are driving improvement in adjusted EBITDA. Full risk lives grew by 19% year-on year in the second quarter. As Village prioritizes density in their highest opportunity markets, they decided in January to exit a total of approximately 160 clinics, inclusive of the 60 that had been previously communicated. As of today, they have already exited 140 locations. Manmohan will discuss in more detail our recent reevaluation of our investment in VillageMD. Shifting to International, the business once again performed well, demonstrating strong and consistent execution highlighted by meaningful retail comp growth at Boots UK and a 12th successive quarter of market share gains. Finally, let me offer further detail on the progress of our swift actions to right-size the WBA cost structure and increase cash flow across the company. We have a very high degree of visibility into the $1 billion in cost savings this year as actions already taken to date will account for a significant majority of the total. We're driving savings primarily in our U.S. retail pharmacy segment in three ways. Organizational initiatives, including support office workforce reductions, location optimization, and additional pharmacy and retail operating model improvements. We are also working to improve cash flow by prioritizing projects and capital spend. In the first half, CapEx was $250 million lower than the prior year period. We are on track to deliver a $600 million reduction for the full year and $500 million in working capital benefits in fiscal 2024. Next, I'd like to introduce Mary Langowski to say a few words. She'll then hand it over to Manmohan to review our financial results in further detail.
Mary Langowski : Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. I'm excited to join you all today and I'm thrilled to be a part of this iconic company. I've spent 25 years in the healthcare, government, and retail sectors. My career is focused on leading teams to unlock new areas of growth, commercialize new products and healthcare services, and accelerate execution through financial discipline. I've been fortunate to have worked with some of the most successful Fortune 50 and healthcare growth companies that have sought to embrace and drive change to improve the healthcare system. At CVS Health, I led and executed a strategy to expand healthcare services, leveraging the company's core assets, including leading aspects of CVS' acquisition of Aetna. Most recently, I was CEO of Solera Health, a leading digital health technology company serving payers and employers, where I led a transformation of the business, launching new condition product lines, a new technology platform, and a new economic model to support sustained growth. My vantage point of working across providers, pharma, payers, and retail has made one thing clear. Very few companies have the platform, access, and reach of Walgreens. Since the announcement, I have heard from health plans, health systems, and others who see an opportunity to partner with Walgreens. They know the value of our community presence, the role our pharmacists can play, and the need for higher touch, more frequent, and lower cost engagement to drive better health outcomes. Healthcare is changing and consumer expectations are changing. In the face of that, we believe Walgreens is still the best position to be the most convenient entry point into the healthcare system. And our position as an independent partner, able to work with any health plan of PBM, is a true strength that we will capitalize on. Finally, I want to congratulate the team on achieving positive adjusted EBITDA in U.S. healthcare this quarter. It's a significant milestone, and we will continue to build on this progress to drive value for our shareholders, customers, and patients. Thanks to Tim and the board for this opportunity. I'll now turn it to Manmohan.
Manmohan Mahajan : Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. Overall, second quarter operational results were in line with our expectations. Sales grew 5.7% on a constant currency basis. U.S. Retail Pharmacy increased 4.7%, International was up 3.2%, and U.S. Healthcare delivered performance sales growth of 14%. Adjusted EPS of $1.20 increased year-over-year by 2.8% on a constant currency basis. Reflecting improved profitability in our U.S. Healthcare segment, impact of cost savings, and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. Offset by the lower U.S. retail performance and lower sale leaseback gains. The lower adjusted effective tax rate reflects the initial recognition of a deferred tax asset in certain international jurisdictions. GAAP net loss for the second quarter included a $5.8 billion noncash impairment charge related to VillageMD goodwill. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 23, we disclosed that our annual goodwill impairment test for our VillageMD reporting unit resulted in its fair value exceeding its carrying value by a narrow margin. As a result, we have been closely monitoring the performance of the business for potential indicators of impairment. In February, we received a downward revised longer-term forecast from VillageMD management. Including the impact of closing approximately 160 clinics, inclusive of the 60 previously communicated, slower than expected trends in patient panel growth and multi-specialty productivity and recent changes in Medicare reimbursement models. These impacts were partly offset by actions taken in an attempt to right-size the cost structure. Given this revised forecast, we performed an interim test of VillageMD reporting unit goodwill that resulted in a fair value below its carrying value. Accordingly, we recognized a $12.4 billion noncash goodwill impairment charge prior to the attribution of loss to non-controlling interests. On an after-tax basis and net of 47% non-controlling interest, this resulted in a net loss of $5.8 billion in the quarter. This charge is excluded from non-GAAP earnings measures. The fair value of the business was determined using a combination of the income and market approaches. The impairment charge is due to the lower than previously expected longer-term financial performance expectations, challenged market multiples for VillageMD's peer group, which have continued to decline, and increased discount rates. As a reminder, our share of VillageMD's net assets carrying value also included a $2 billion gain recognized on the equity interest owned by the company immediately prior to the acquisition of majority equity interest in VillageMD during the first quarter of fiscal 22. This goodwill write-off is noncash, and we do not believe it will have a significant impact on our financial position or our ability to invest across businesses going forward. During the first half of fiscal 24, we have seen positive financial impacts from the recent actions taken by VillageMD management team to accelerate profitability. We believe the focused approach on improving performance in core markets, as well as rightsizing the cost structure, will provide VillageMD a platform for future growth. The second quarter also included a $455 million noncash impairment charge related to certain long-lived assets in the U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. As part of a deep dive exercise over the last several months, we concluded during the quarter that instead of continuing to build a new technology platform for pharmacy operations in the U.S., it would be better to modernize our existing system over time with new capabilities in an agile and capital-efficient manner with much lower disruption risk. As a result, we recognize the charge against the underlying software and development assets. Finally, similar to last quarter, we recognized a $474 million gain on the sale of Cencora shares, partly offset by a $396 million after-tax noncash charge for fair value adjustments on variable prepaid forward derivatives related to Cencora shares. Now let's move on to the first half highlights. Sales increased 7.2% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS declined 20.5% on constant currency basis due to software U.S. retail performance and lower sale leaseback gains, partly offset by improved profitability in U.S. Healthcare and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. GAAP net loss was $6 billion compared to a loss of $3 billion in the first half of fiscal 23. As I explained earlier, the second half of the fiscal 24 included certain noncash impairment charges. The prior year period included a $5.4 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits, partly offset by a $1.4 billion after-tax gain on the sale of Cencora shares. Now let me cover US Retail Pharmacy segment. Note that all comparable figures are on a leap year adjusted basis for all segments. Sales grew 4.7% year-on-year driven by brand inflation in pharmacy, prescription volume, and a higher contribution from pharmacy services, which was partly offset by a 4.5% decline in the retail business. AOI declined 29.50% versus the prior year quarter due to lower retail sales volume, elevated levels of shrink and lower sale leaseback gains. Partially offset continued progress on cost savings initiatives. Looking ahead, we are winding down the sale leaseback program and we do not anticipate any material benefit going forward. Sale leaseback gains, net of incremental rent expense, were an approximately $125 million headwind to AOI in the quarter. Let me now turn to U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 8.7%, mainly driven by brand inflation, volume growth, and contribution from pharmacy services. Comp scripts grew 2.9% excluding immunizations in line with the overall prescription market. The ongoing impact of Medicaid redeterminations continued to negatively impact overall market growth. Pharmacy services performed better than expectations driven by our vaccines portfolio. Pharmacy adjusted gross profit was down slightly versus the prior year quarter, with margin negatively impacted by brand mixed impacts and reimbursement pressure net of procurement savings. Turning next to our U.S. Retail business. We continue to see a challenging retail environment with a shift in discretionary spend away from the drug channel as consumers seek value. Comparable retail sales declined 4.3% in the quarter. There were three main drivers. First, as consumer continue pull back on discretionary spending, we saw an impact of approximately 170 basis points from weaker sales in holiday seasonal and general merchandise categories. Second, as expected, we saw a weaker than normal respiratory season, which directly impacted comparable sales by approximately 90 basis points. Third party data showed flu, cold, and respiratory activity was down 6% compared to the prior year quarter. In addition, As cost cold, flu serves as a primary trip driver, there was also an incremental impact from the lower attachment sales. Lastly, weather conditions in January led to a headwind of approximately 40 basis points in the quarter. Retail gross margin declined year-on-year, impacted by higher shrink, partly offset by benefits from category performance improvement program. Turning next to the International segment, and as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. The International segment again exceeded our expectations in this quarter, total sales grew 3.2% with Boots UK increasing 3% and Germany wholesale up 5.3%. Segment adjusted growth profit increased by 3.2%. Adjusted operating income was down 32% entirely due to lapping the real estate gains in the year ago period, with underlying growth offsetting inflationary pressures. Let's now cover Boots, UK in detail. Comp pharmacy sales were up 1.7%. Comp retail sales increased 5.9% with all categories showing growth, led by beauty and personal care. Across formats, destination health and beauty, flagship, and travel locations performed particularly well. Boots.com sales increased 16.8% year-on-year and represented over 17% of our UK retail sales. Turning next to US Healthcare. The US Healthcare segment delivered its first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. This was the third consecutive quarter of significant year-on-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA. Second quarter sales of $2.2 billion increased 33% compared to the prior year quarter aided by the acquisition of Summit Health. On a pro forma basis, segment sales increased 14%. VillageMD sales of $1.6 billion grew 20% on a pro forma basis. The year-on-year increase was driven by same clinic performance and growth in full risk lives. Shield sales were up 13% as new health system contracts and expansion of existing partnerships led to an over 40% increase in the number of patients on service in the quarter versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was $17 million, an improvement of $127 million compared to last year, mainly driven by VillageMD and Shields. We believe VillageMD continues to make progress to accelerate profitability by rightsizing its cost structure and growing its patient panel. Shields saw robust adjusted EBITDA growth compared to the prior year period. Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flows in the first half of fiscal 24 was negatively impacted by roughly $700 million in payments related to legal matters, $380 million Annuity premium contributions related to Boot's pension plan and underlying seasonality. Capital expenditures declined by $250 million versus the first half of fiscal 23. As a result, free cash flow was down by approximately $2 billion versus the prior year. We expect second half free cash flow improvement compared to the first half driven by several factors. First, we expect lower payments related to legal matters in the second half of fiscal 24. Second, we remain on track to reduce capital expenditure by approximately $600 million year-over-year. Third, we expect to deliver working capital improvement of $500 million during fiscal 24. While we did see some benefit of these initiatives during the first half of 24, we expect the majority of these benefits will impact the second half. Lastly, similar to prior years, we believe the underlying working capital seasonality in the U.S. Retail Pharmacy and International segments will have a favorable impact on the second half of the year compared to the first half. I will now turn to guidance. We are narrowing our fiscal 24 adjusted EPS guidance to $3.20 to $3.35. The updated range incorporates a challenging US retail environment, lower sale leaseback gains, and reduced Cencora equity income offset by the execution in pharmacy services and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. On the tailwinds, we continue to see strong execution in our pharmacy services business, which has delivered results ahead of our initial plan to date. In addition, we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be under 5%. On the headwinds, we expect the challenging retail backdrop will continue to negatively impact our US retail sales in the short term. We now expect fiscal 24 retail comp sales to be down approximately 3%. Second, with the early winddown of the sale leaseback program, no material gains are expected in the future. Third, the block sale of Cencora shares in February will reduce equity earnings going forward. Lastly, as discussed with the first quarter results, we forecast slightly lower market growth in US pharmacy business compared to our initial guidance. Importantly, based on the progress made in the US Healthcare segment through the first half, we continue to expect segment adjusted EBITDA to be breakeven at the midpoint of the guidance range. This represents an increase of $325 million to $425 million over fiscal 23. Next, I will provide additional details on the factors impacting earnings in the second half. In the second half, we will be lapping adjusted EPS of $1.66 in prior year period. We expect several key factors to impact the year-over-year comparison. First, the winddown of the sale leaseback program is expected to be a significant headwind in the second half. Second, we will lap incentive accruals reduction in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 23. Third, our updated guidance implies a higher tax rate over the remainder of the year. The US Healthcare segment remains on track to achieve $165 million of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA improvement in the second half, based on the midpoint of the guidance range. And finally, within our U.S. Retail Pharmacy business, we expect year-on-year improvement in the second half, driven by cost savings initiatives. With that, let me now pass it back to Tim for his closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: To wrap up, we have hard work ahead of us in our journey to simplify and strengthen WBA, but we are encouraged by our progress. This team has a clear mandate to act with everything on the table to put our business on the right track. We are well-positioned to drive capital-efficient growth, rooted in our retail pharmacy footprint, and build out an asset light health services strategy to deliver care for communities and create value for partners. We've kicked off our strategic planning work. Over the next three to six months, this team is undergoing an in-depth analysis to determine the actions necessary to achieve what we believe will be the optimal portfolio with a focus on maximizing growth potential and generating cash flow. We are reviewing every business through a longer-term lens focused on strategic fit, synergy potential, financial upside, and new or complementary capabilities. We are taking a thoughtful approach, fueled by a sense of urgency to finding opportunities to unlock value or validate existing pathways. In my five months with WBA, I have been most impressed with our 330, 000 team members' commitment to our company. In my experience, it's very hard to get that. That pride is foundational to our future growth, ability to consistently execute and create sustainable long-term shareholder value. That dedication also gives me and our team great confidence in our future. Now I would like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thanks very much. Good morning, Tim. I have a multi-part question. I just really want to start with your comments where you talked about boosting profit and growth. You talked about new reimbursement models. You talked about provider status. So you talked about a lot of different things that you think can come into play. Can you maybe just talk about your line of sight and timing to get there would be the first part. And then secondly, I want to say welcome to Mary. Mary, as we think about the profitability and we think about capitation and the commitment of Village in the capitated markets, the comments were made today around the number of closings, now 140 locations closed. Can you maybe just talk about what you see as the future of the capitation and then putting that all together, I just really want to understand how to think about the progression going into 25. Tim, I know you have a big strategic review coming. I know you're not ready to give guidance on 25, but are there kind of some building blocks to think about when we think about the progression of the back half of 24 going into 25?
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Lisa. A lot there. So I'll take the first part and probably have Rick Gates add a little color. We'll have Mary take your question and then Manmohan goes ahead and talk about the back half of the year into 25. In terms of new reimbursement models, growth, et cetera, you clearly, as we said, I think last quarter, we're now just coming into the 25 conversations that are more structured with payers, particularly PBMs, as it relates to reimbursement. And what I would say, which is what I've said in my prepared remarks as well, is we are having very constructive conversations as well as ad hoc conversations with certain payers, which continue to lead me to believe in our team to have confidence that there are multiple ways for us to create value for payers and that the pressures on reimbursement, that there's a clear acknowledgement, let me say it that way, that just playing the way we've been playing for the last 25 years is not going to work. And I think everyone acknowledges that. And the conversation of how we help the PBMs win in their marketplaces with this drive to higher transparency, more member friendliness and so forth really actually aligns us quite well in those conversations. I don't know Rick if you want to take and add any color to those conversations your team is obviously very close to them.
Rick Gates: Yes. Lisa, this is Rick. and I'll just add we are just in earnest starting up that this calendar year 25 negotiations but I will say you also talked about some of the expanded services. We have gotten traction not only on our inherent based programs and our performance against those to continue to get more inherent based contracts going forward, vaccines have been a very strong part of what we're doing but we're working very closely in the selling cycle right now when it comes to testing, test and treat as we expand those opportunities across the country as well and that the pay by state really process ever going through until there's a federal provider status which Tim talked about his remarks.
Tim Wentworth: And thanks Rick. So bottom line, Lisa, that this area we're realistic. We know that the longer term structural changes that are very likely to occur will take multiple years and we're prepared. We're also working with our distributor to reconfigure the way that we work with them to ensure that we are again making sure that the value that flows to us as well as through us is what it should be Mary, Ill let just briefly comment on the Lisas second question.
Mary Langowski : Thanks Lisa. I'll just say reiterate what I said in my opening remarks that peers and health systems are approaching us and are very interested in working with Walgreens to help them drive medic savings. We've got unmatched assets in the marketplace given our reach with consumers and that's something that a lot of the traditional players now system don't have. So we'll be working with them and having conversations in the coming month.
Tim Wentworth: We had some of those underway. I expect them to accelerate meaningfully with Marys arrival. And by the way this is an appropriate time for me to also thank John Driscoll. In my prepared remarks I did not do that and of course John actually helped me find and recruit Mary. John did a lot of terrific work during his time here at WBA. I look forward to continuing to work with him in a different role as an advisor through the end of the year. So thank you to John. And then finally, Manmohan, I'm sure Lisa's not the only one with a question as it relates to the second half and so I want you to take that.
Manmohan Mahajan : Sure, Tim. So Lisa, this is Manmohan. As you think about the building blocks for 25, let me start by saying we're not providing FY25 guidance on this call. As you heard in Tim's prepared remarks, we are working through a strategic review with the executive team in place now and a detailed three year plan and so we will share that input over the next three to six months. But let me share some themes as you think about the second half and as you think about 25. In terms of second half, a couple of things to point out that I think are obvious and you understand. One is we do not expect any meaningful contributions from sale leaseback in the second half. And so it's pretty clean in terms of not including any sale leaseback gains from that perspective. And second is the lower adjusted effective tax rate, the timing of that played out for us in the second quarter. And so we do expect a much more normalized tax rate in the second half. Now, as you think about bridging into 25, a couple of themes to consider. First, U.S. Healthcare growth, you see that we're maintaining our guidance on adjusted EBITDA, which is at the midpoint of the range, $375 million increase year-over-year in fiscal 24. And so we do see as we look ahead into 25, we do see growth continuing in healthcare. Village, we expect to continue to drive growth as they focus on the core markets, as well as continue on their cost actions that they are going through this year. So that's one part. Shields obviously continues to grow throughout the year. And we do expect them to continue to grow into fiscal 25. Second, cost savings. If the actions we have taken in the first half will have a ramp up effect in the second half, we're not done yet. We continue to make decisions to right-size our cost structure here at WBA. And so we do expect a wraparound effect of that into fiscal 25. Third, retail business in the US, as I shared in my prepared remarks, we have seen headwinds persisting for longer than expected in the US retail environment. And we have lowered our expectation for the second half or for the full year fiscal 24 to a negative 3% comp. Now within that, we do expect slight improvement over time in the second half as the actions that Tracey and the team are taking will take hold and will drive certain level of improvement. So I don't think about what that is going to be into 25. And then maybe the last piece on this is, our business does have some seasonality and so pharmacy services business which has really performed strong throughout the first half and that does generate significantly higher contributions in the first half compared to the second half of the year, couple flu season does have both impact on our pharmacy business in the US as well as on the retail business in the US and the timing of that on a more normalized basis does play out more in the first half than in the second half. And lastly just on the seasonality pieces, another example is Boots which does have higher contributions in the holiday seasons in the first half. So we've got a factor those, I just want to make sure you have those things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee with TD Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the retail segment, US Retail here. Tim, you talked about a number of things, right, trying to increase own brand, real line around a number of national brands as well. Maybe can you talk about how quickly some of those can be implemented here, particularly as you think about realigning around fewer national brands, like how long would that process take? And then, you mentioned that vaccines have been leading in the pharmacy services part of the business. Is there any way you can give us a sense on when we look at US retail, AOI, maybe not quantitatively, but qualitatively to a sense of how you would split the contribution between, let's say, pharma services, traditional front end and pharmacy?
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Charles. So your second question. We're not prepared today to break that out. Obviously, we build from that. And I think over time we're going to be looking to give you incremental visibility to key operating metrics that would help you model some of that out. What I can tell you is the vaccine and test and treat and so forth portfolio is very meaningful in terms of our overall back of the store reimbursements and our growth. If you think about it, it's actually quite amazing. Five to 10 years ago, let's go 10 years ago, pharma had pretty much abandoned vaccines on a large scale basis. A lot of the companies had moved away. There was not a strong incremental demand. Today we see it as one of the key areas of innovation inside pharma companies. And the exciting part for us that is underappreciated is that in every case, those companies look to their core ability to get to patients as being able to leverage what we do at Walgreens and what our industry does. And we have a unique position in that. The conversations I have with the CEOs of major pharma companies that are driving these innovations suggest to me that that model where we're paid fairly for the work that we do at the back of the store is a model that the future not only needs, but is going to reward our shareholders. As it relates to US retail, I'll turn it over to Tracey other than to say, that is one of a number of key areas for us. The idea of SKU rationalization alongside of growing private label. I think you've got to look at both of those things. And we are moving rapidly on a lot of things. We announced last week, a change in store manager compensation for 2024. Initially that was thought to need to be till 25 to get it right. And we found a way to get it done now so that we could unleash the energy of our key field-based leadership in our stores. And so what I've seen is our ability, and we saw it during COVID, our ability to execute quickly when we've got a goal, when we've got a clear ability to create value, is something that I've actually been pleasantly surprised by since I've joined the company. And Tracey's been leading the, along with, I've terrorized a few national brands myself in a few meetings lately, in terms of saying that we're looking for partners and we aren't going to be a partner to everybody. We want somebody that is going to be everything to us rather than something for everyone. So with that, Tracey, you want to give a little color on the whole national brand strategy?
Tracey Brown: Yes, good morning, Charles. Yes, so as it relates to our own brand expansion, as Tim has indicated, we have been accelerating this at a rapid pace. And if you've been tracking, our own brand penetration has been growing quite nicely. To your question around how quickly, there are some things that we can do very quickly. One of those, again, Tim mentioned around embracing and incentivizing our frontline team members to really showcase their own brand products and what is important to the consumers in their market. The second is in terms of store reach and shelf depth, we can move on those quite quickly. And then the third area is around new product innovation. And then the third area is around new product innovation. And this is the part that actually takes a little bit longer, but just to give you a little bit of color, we launched 37 new products in Q2. And what this means for us is as the consumer's behavior continue to focus on looking at value and finding own brand and being willing to lean into own brand, this is working out quite nicely for us. We are feeling quite good about the level of depth that we can go with own brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: Thank you. I appreciate the commentary on pharmacy services and reimbursement models, so a follow-up for Tim and Rick. It's interesting to hear you call out looking beyond payer and PBM to the manufacturers and this core ability to get to patients. I'd love to get your updated view on Lilly Direct, and if the goal is to expand access, does it make sense to include retail? Do you view it possible to have direct relationships given PBM contracts? Any perspective there would be appreciated.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks. I'll start and turn it over to Rick. First of all, I would prefer that Dave and the Lilly team talk about their strategy, but that being said, first of all, I'd point out we have a direct relationship with literally every American, and it may not be in their funded benefit in all cases, but they come into our stores for a lot of other things. And so I love where we start when it comes to looking at programs where pharma companies may want to go direct to patients for a particular product where the normal supply chain reimbursement model, et cetera isn't working effectively. I think if you look at the GLP-1s, for example, the adherence on those drugs over a reasonable period of time is not what I believe anybody would hope for, not the patients, not the payers to the extent that it's a paid for product, and certainly not the innovators. And so we are uniquely positioned to be a partner. It's one thing to have a distribution partner. It's another thing to have a clinically aligned partner that can actually help a patient work their way through safely, because I believe the companies that made these products also want to ensure that they retain a high safety profile, otherwise there will be other issues downstream which are not what anybody would want. So we think we are a natural partner for those things, and Rick, I'll let you add any color there, but from our perspective, again, our ability to work on a product basis, direct with pharma, is unencumbered by any of our other relationships, so Rick.
Rick Gates : Yes. The only thing I'd add is, you said we have relationships with whatever consumer walks into our store. We have a relationship with every pharma company. And I think what they see with us is that we are a natural partner. We roll up our sleeves. We help them solve what they're really trying to solve for. And I think that's a natural place first at that, because we are an independent provider. If you think about it that way, we don't have any other assets vertically integrated. And so I think we're a natural partner for them. And I think they see us as a willing partner to help them really drive programs in the market.
Eric Percher: Was this what drove the comment on your distributor relationship profile change?
Tim Wentworth: No, really nothing to add. I mean, we've had a longstanding relationship with Cencora. I did prior in another life. And that relationship has always got to be organic and dynamic, because the market changes. And while a long-term relationship is a great context into which to operate, it's important that as well we sit down as we do with Cencora and look at not only where is it working, but where might it work a bit better? And more importantly, over the next three years, where are the changes in the marketplace likely to manifest? And how do we make sure that we retain a contemporary and a competitive situation as it relates to our cost structure, as it relates to the services that we receive, as it relates to the things that we can provide as a good partner? So all of those things are things that we throw on the table. And I look forward to working with, I know my team does, with Bob in his new role. I congratulate Steve, who had a terrific run there and was a great partner to me over a lot of years. But again, you can't just sit still, and we're not going to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to talk about the sort of second half guidance and what it implies as we think about the headwinds and tailwinds from that base into fiscal 25. So if we take that sort of midpoint $1.42, there's no sale leasebacks there, presumably tax would be a headwind, or would it sort of be, I guess what I'm asking, like some headwinds and tailwinds from that base, whether it's tax, we understand, core is probably going to be headwind, maybe 340B. And then the second question that I have above and beyond taking that run rate is, was there any effect from the changes in PBM reimbursement like the timing for the retail segment because of DIR fees going away, meaning did it change the cadence at all or impact the cash flows at?
Manmohan Mahajan : Yes, let me dig the guidance first and then Rick can talk about [DER-C] a little bit more. So from a guidance perspective, if you think about the midpoint of the range, you're calculating in the second half and thinking about 25 and the first on the tax rate side, we expect fairly normalized tax rate for the second half. We did have a significant benefit that be recognized in the second quarter and timing of that played out here. So, that I think is, there is no more headwind from taxes if that's your starting point for fiscal 25. And then, yes, as I said, I thing a couple of themes to consider. First is U.S. Healthcare growth, significant growth expected. We're maintaining guidance in fiscal 24. And as we look out, we do see growth continuing both at Shields as well as at Village as they concentrate on their core markets and continue to drive the cost down in the business. Our own cost savings initiatives, we've talked about $1 billion of cost saving from the year and we're on track to achieve that. And there are actions that we will continue to take in the second half. And so you will see, a, wraparound benefit into 25 as well as the new initiatives that'll continue on cost efficiency side. I talked about retail, negative 3% comp expected for the year as we thought about the second half guidance or second half implied guidance. And so we do see, however, it improving over time slightly. And to going into 25, the actions that Tracey just talked about and team is taking, they will take hold. And I think that we do expect some improvement in 25 for that. And then seasonality, I think you got a factor in as well. You talked about earlier in the call around vaccine portfolio, obviously there's seasonally there, cold, cough, flu, there is seasonality there and Boots, there is a season there. So yes, those are maybe some of the things that you want to consider.
Rick Gates: Yes, and just to answer on the [DER] fees and impacts that we might be seeing there outside of obviously cash flow, which obviously works its way out throughout the year. We really aren't seeing a negative impact on reimbursement. By and large, what we're seeing is that we are contracting for the rates that we were performing against either historically and or even if there was a negative impact on the reimbursement, we were signing and pay for performance contracts that we have the ability to overperform on. And so I would say that DER-C has been really neutral to us when you look at it from a reimbursement perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. And I kind of have a couple of what I'll call kind of brief quick-hit questions, which first, for Rick, I guess I would ask, when we think about potential changes to the reimbursement model, you touched on this. I guess could you talk about the push and pull a little bit on those discussions? Mid-melon, I guess, just if you could make a quick comment on earnings cadence between fiscal Q3 and Q4. And Tim, I know hearing a lot here but just kind of an update on portfolio strategy. A lot of us look at the company and do some of the parts analysis. There are arguments to be made that you're getting the core U.S. business for free, given the value of other assets. Kind of just want to know how you think about the portfolio and how to unlock value.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thanks. I'll have Rick take the first part of your question, and then I'll Manmohan takes a second and I will take third.
Rick Gates: George, thanks for the question. The push-pull when it comes to some reimbursement model changes, I would say we obviously work with PBMs hand-in-hand to understand what payers are looking for in the marketplace and the ecosystem. If obviously, they're looking for a standard-based reimbursement model, an AWP-based model. We have those with them. If they are look for cost-plus models or other types of reimbursement models, we work with them to make sure they have the solutions to go to payers that may be looking forward. So right now, I think it's an opportunity for us to continue to put different types of models in a market and then see what a payer uptake really looks like and really try to advance those models as we move forward.
Manmohan Mahajan : Yes, from a cadence perspective, I think what we're looking at here is fairly balanced here in third and fourth quarter.
George Hill: Then finally the portfolios --
Tim Wentworth: George, let me be real clear, because I don' t think it was ambiguous but we have been over the last several months digging deeply into the core business as well as every piece of our portfolio obviously the big chunks you know what they are and with their brand names are and so forth, but also looking at our store footprint, looking as you heard before, our suppliers and our assortment, look at manager compensation, looking at workflow design and pharmacies, and working with deans as well as looking our automation. But when you step back to the large piece, to your sum of the parts question, obviously we're very conscious of that fact. We have about a half a dozen things that need to either fit, they need to synergize, the need to offer upside in a long-term runway for growth either by themselves or perhaps combined with other things, they need to unlock capabilities that we would otherwise not be able to have unlocked or else we need find a better place for them. And so from our perspective I can tell you that for example Mary on the US Healthcare side which has its own collection of assets independent from Boots and Shields and CareCentrix and in the businesses that we have. Mary has been doing a complete strip down of every one of those businesses and looking at both is it staffed right, is it built for growth, do the market support growth and this is going to culminate in part and let me be really clear. I don't want to send a message that there's some big bang coming but that when we sit down with our board at the end of April, we are going give them outside in context about the forces in healthcare over the next 5 to 10 years we're going then look at how does that impact the people that we serve, both the payers, the health systems, the consumers, the patients, pharma companies and then we are going to make a series of either recommendations or next steps so that the board is very clear where we're headed in some things. We have some things already underway as part of this as we go from examining things to testing markets and so forth, I'm not going to get detailed at this point about that. Other than to say again, it's dynamic. It is across the company and I am super excited to have a fully staffed executive committee based here in Chicago to do it alongside me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners.
Michael Cherny: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So maybe along the lines of the push and pull between your previous guidance versus the updated guidance, just a couple of things. First, on the dynamics behind the retail decline, and you talked about the same store growth, but you've seen any changes in what you're expecting on economics on a same store script basis in the back half of a year. And then just on healthcare AOI as well. I know you highlighted the strong EBITDA performance. I would have thought with the accelerated pace of VillageMD closures that you might see a better second half ramp. Are there any other puts and takes we should think about within the healthcare business that leads to the dynamics of your current expectations versus your day performance?
Tim Wentworth: I'll let Manmohan take that.
Manmohan Mahajan : Yes, sure. So, look, as you think of the second half implied guide, a couple of factors to consider. And I'll go through the in-order retail is the biggest factor from a second half perspective. We have seen the challenging environment continues to persist for longer than expected. And so we are lowering our expectation. I think we were at low single digits and now we're expecting negative 3% comp. So that is going into it. Our decision to early winddown the sale leaseback program, as well as our decision, to sell Cencora shares through block trade versus using a VPS structure variable prepaid forward structure, is creating additional headwinds as I think about the guidance we provided last quarter. So those are three headwinds and the offset to that from a full year perspective is obviously one of the factors that the favorable tax rate we have in the year, now the timing of that has played out in the second quarter. Now you had some specific questions on the script, and how do we think about that? If you think about the second quarter, our comp script growth ex-immunization of 2.9% fairly consistent with we're market was we were holding our share. And as we think about, rest of the second half of the year. We expect us to continue to grow in line with the market it and hold the share. So that's kind of the expectation we have on the script side. On healthcare, look, Village continues to take decisions to rightsize their cost structure and think about their clinical footprint. And they did make the decision to exit certain more locations. To us, to us, we are very pleased with reaching the first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA in the segment. We want to be -- we want take a prudent approach for the next half and therefore we just continue to maintain the guidance we have.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Tim for any closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: Thank you, operator. And thank you for your questions and your time today. As we close, I just want just quickly remind you what you've heard today. Our second quarter operational results were in line with our expectations despite continued challenges in the US retail environment. We drove solid execution. I'm very, very proud of the team and cost discipline in our US Retail Pharmacy segment with continued strong performance in International and we had our first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA in U.S. Healthcare. Now, driven by our recently solidified leadership team, I would remind all of you that there are, one member of the team actually is starting in two weeks, but basically now we're all around the table. We have come together to be committed to an intense review in the coming months and to the hard work that's going to ensure that each asset in our portfolio advances our expansion into the fastest growing areas of healthcare. And as you saw this quarter, we are willing to revalue things that we take a second look at and make difficult decisions. And we're going to do that, not in one big bang, but as it becomes obvious to us on a situation by situation basis that we can act. And, as I said before, everything is on the table as we identify opportunities that unlock value, validate existing pathways, and lead WBA into a successful future. We look forward to continuing to keep you updated on our progress, and again, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christa and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Incorporated First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Tiffany, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Tim Wentworth, our Chief Executive Officer; and Manmohan Mahajan, our Interim Global Chief Financial Officer. In addition, John Driscoll, President of US Healthcare; Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Chief Pharmacy Officer at Walgreens; and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail and Chief Customer Officer, will participate in Q&A. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide two, and those outlined in our latest Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations are set forth in the press release. You may also refer to the slides posted to the Investors section of our website, for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed during this earnings call. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. When I joined you for the last earnings call in October, I have not yet begun my role as CEO. But I shared how I believe that leading WBA is a once in a lifetime opportunity with a tremendous brand, legacy and neighbourhood presence. Today, 10 weeks into my tenure, I'm even more certain of my decision. I am pleased to be here today to share our results, our outlook and my broader convictions around how we can build on our strong pharmacy foundation to partner across healthcare services and drive sustainable value. As you are by now aware, WBA started fiscal 2024 with unplanned results despite a weak retail environment in the U.S. First quarter adjusted EPS came in at $0.66, reflecting execution and cost discipline in U.S. Retail Pharmacy, continued strong performance in International, and progress with profitability initiatives in U.S. Healthcare. We are maintaining full year adjusted EPS guidance against the challenging backdrop. I must give credit here to the hard work and dedication of our teams. We are navigating the accumulating consumer pressures from inflation and depleted savings and somewhat slower-than-anticipated market trends in pharmacy script volumes, including impacts from a weaker respiratory season and Medicaid redetermination. Retail customers in the United States are under stress and making deliberate choices to seek value evidenced in our own brands up 90 basis points in the quarter, while demand for seasonal and discretionary categories remains weak. At the same time, our teams executed well during the quarter on delivering pharmacy services, including vaccines and maintaining our overall share of script volume in the US. International was once again a bright spot in the quarter, building on last year's solid growth, upside was led by Boots UK with further share gains in retail, while both retail and pharmacy delivered gross profit improvements despite inflationary cost pressures. Germany also achieved share gains. In U.S. Healthcare, we are on track to achieve significant year-on-year profit improvement. VillageMD is rapidly realigning operating costs with sales. The team is executing on several initiatives, from revenue cycle management to procurement with operational actions spanning the organization. As VillageMD focuses on increasing density in their highest opportunity markets, remember the previously announced plans to optimize their footprint and exit approximately 60 clinics in nonstrategic markets. As of today, they are nearly halfway there, having already exited 27. Additionally, VillageMD is driving patient panel growth and achieved 23% year-over-year growth in full risk lives and 9% growth in fee-for-service volumes. Work is underway to implement targeted marketing efforts, leveraging Walgreens' expertise and patient touch points, and we expect benefits over time as we learn and further develop our provider-based risk strategy. So macroeconomic conditions are clearly difficult for retailers and I fully acknowledge the structural headwinds in our core pharmacy business and the growing pains in our Healthcare segment. None of this is a surprise to me. I came to WBA eyes wide open with a clear mandate to act with everything on the table in terms of putting our business on the right track. In that context, we are taking swift actions to right-size costs and increase cash flow across the company. We remain on pace toward $1 billion in cost savings this year. Our U.S. organizational efforts have resulted in a planned headquarter support office workforce reduction of approximately 20%. Over the past two months, we have prioritized projects and capital spend to focus on the customer-facing activities that matter most. First quarter CapEx was over $100 million lower year-over-year, on track to a $600 million reduction for the full year. We also remain on schedule to deliver $500 million in working capital benefits in fiscal 2024. An additional meaningful and necessary step to strengthen our long-term balance sheet and cash position, today, we are announcing a 48% reduction in our quarterly dividend payment to $0.25 per share starting in March. This action will free up capital to invest in driving sustainable growth in the pharmacy and health care businesses, as well as paying down debt. At the same time, we will continue to deliver a competitive dividend yield as the Board and I continue to view the dividend as a critical component to overall attractiveness of WBA to many of our shareholders. Our financial flexibility is also supported by other strategic actions, with some already underway and others under consideration. In November, we monetized an additional portion of our Cencora stake with nearly $700 million of proceeds. We also took advantage of the higher interest rate environment to secure a full buy-in for the Boots pension plan with legal and general to ensure the benefits of all 53,000 members. A buyout scheduled in calendar 2025 will eliminate the company's plan obligations and commitments. Furthermore, we continue to evaluate our existing portfolio, sharpening our strategic focus on the U.S. Retail Pharmacy and Healthcare with our remaining investments in Cencora, BrightSpring and other minority interests providing financial flexibility. Let me be clear. We have hard work ahead of us in our journey to simplify and strengthen WBA, but also good momentum with important early actions that we've taken. And there are a number of building blocks already in place for a sharper health care strategy, positioning us well for long-term profitable growth. Walgreens is a dependable, trusted and convenient local health care destination for patients, and we have the ability and, frankly, the market mandate to be a valued independent partner of choice in health care services. As John Driscoll detailed last quarter, we are leveraging our local presence to engage with patients across our thousands of stores and through our assets across the care continuum on behalf of payors, providers and pharma to help them achieve their objectives at scale. I can tell you from my early days with the team and from meetings with our partners and prospects, there is a lot to be excited about here. But our competitive advantage is not just our neighbourhood footprint and convenience with 10 million customers visiting us at Walgreens in store or online every day, our stores are access points on the best corners in America. And more specifically, we have over 85,000 people on our teams who directly engage with patients and are trusted providers in their communities. Walgreens has the unique ability through our well-established physical presence and iconic brand for our people to drive trusted, meaningful connections. We are enabling pharmacists to spend less time on tasks and more time on meaningful interactions and providing essential care, from health screenings to immunizations to diagnostic testing and treatment. Our network of micro fulfillment centers is helping to stabilize staffing and pharmacy hours, reduce work full pain points and free up capacity to drive the outcomes that matter most to our patients and partners. You'll remember in October, we mentioned a pause in the rollout to optimize productivity. We are happy with our continued progress and the importance of these centers in our overall strategy. We are also piloting virtual pharmacy to redefine connected care, further increase patient access, enhance workplace flexibility, and extend our pharmacist reach. Finally, we are partnering with academia, and specifically, key schools of pharmacy to explore ways to attract, recruit and create a dynamic workplace for the next generation of pharmacists. Our relationships with pharmacy deans are integral to our strategy and can help us advance the profession, and so we are forming an advisory council to guide us in our transformation. I look forward to personally working with the deans with our first meeting in March to ensure Walgreens is the preferred employer in the pharmacy space. And I want to thank our pharmacy teams for their tireless efforts on the front lines of health care delivery in this country. Let me give you one example of how we can build on our established assets in a capital-efficient way to expand services and support patients and partners. Our clinical trials offering. We are partnering with pharma companies and leveraging our community presence and patient engagement to help drive greater patient diversity in clinical research. In a short span, we are already improving participation and equity at double the national average. To date, we have signed over 25 contracts, with a robust pipeline of opportunities ahead. Shields is another example of our strength serving hospital systems and has consistently delivered strong margin accretive results ahead of plan. Sales were up 27% in the first quarter, driven by meaningful growth at existing customers as well as new partner contract signings. We expect Shields to continue to leverage and benefit from the rapid growth in the broader specialty market and our intense focus on accelerating hospital-owned specialty pharmacy programs. Our specialty pharmacy assets will be an important focus going forward. And while we have work to do, we are pleased to be executing our next steps with gene and cell therapy. The FDA anticipates approval of more than 20 gene and cell therapies by 2025, and this is an exciting opportunity for patients with rare conditions and for Walgreens specialty pharmacies. In the coming months, you will hear more from us on our initiatives in specialty. Finally, let me touch on reimbursement models and dynamics. We continue to see the benefits of more comprehensive and responsive discussions with payors as they are realizing the broad set of value drivers that WBA can deliver. We are committed to and entering into pay-for-performance contracts beyond core dispensing as we advance our adherence and outcomes capabilities within our pharmacy platform. In addition, we welcome and will work with payor and PBM partners on any model that recognizes and reimburses pharmacies for the unmatched value we provide patients, including pharmacy services, as well as those models that can ensure more transparency and predictability in reimbursement. With that, I'll hand it over to Manmohan to review our financial results and recent execution in further detail.
Manmohan Mahajan: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Overall, first quarter results were in line with our expectations. Sales increased 8.7% on a constant currency basis. US Retail Pharmacy grew at 6.4%. International delivered 4.4% growth. And US Healthcare pro forma sales increased 12%. Adjusted EPS of $0.66 declined 44% on a constant currency basis, mainly driven by lower US retail sales and a 21 percentage point headwind from a higher adjusted effective tax rate. Strong international growth and improved profitability in our U.S. Healthcare segment positively impacted adjusted EPS. GAAP net loss for the first quarter included $278 million after-tax charge for fair value adjustments on variable prepaid forward derivatives related to Cencora shares. Remember, in the first quarter of last year, we recognized a $5.2 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits and a $0.9 billion after-tax gain on sale of Cencora shares. Now I will cover the US Retail Pharmacy segment. Sales increased 6.4% versus the prior year quarter, driven by brand inflation in pharmacy and higher contributions from pharmacy services. Sales growth was partially offset by a 6.1% decline in the retail business. AOI declined 37.2% year-on-year, mainly driven by lower retail sales volume and margin, including higher levels of shrink. AOI was positively impacted by execution in our pharmacy services and progress on cost savings initiatives. Let me now turn to US Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 13.1%, mainly driven by brand inflation and higher contribution from pharmacy services. COVID-19 vaccines have now shifted to a commercial model consistent with other vaccinations. Comp scripts grew 1.8%, excluding immunizations, in line with the overall prescription market. The ongoing impact of Medicaid redeterminations and a weaker flu and respiratory season continued to negatively impact overall market growth. Third-party data showed flu, cold and respiratory activity was down 13.5% compared to the prior year quarter. Within Pharmacy Services, our vaccines portfolio, which includes flu, COVID, RSV and other routine vaccinations, performed well in the quarter. Pharmacy adjusted gross profit declined slightly in the quarter, with margin negatively impacted by reimbursement pressure net of procurement savings and brand mix impacts. Turning next to our US Retail business. Challenging macroeconomic conditions and an anticipated slow start to the cough, cold, flu season contributed to a weaker retail performance year-on-year. Comparable sales declined 5% in the quarter. There are three main drivers. First, a weaker respiratory season had an impact of approximately 160 basis points through the health and wellness category. Cough, cold, flu serves as a primary scripts driver. As a result, we also experienced lower attachment sales due to the weaker season, which are incremental to the 160 basis points impact. Second, customers continue to pull back on discretionary spending, and actively seek out promotional opportunities. As a result, we saw an approximately 90 basis points impact from weaker holiday seasonal sales. Lastly, our decision to close most of our stores on Thanksgiving this year to further support our store team members led to a headwind of about 60 basis points. While these factors resulted in lower sales across all categories, we experienced more pronounced declines in consumables and general merchandise and in health and wellness. Retail gross margin was negatively impacted by 110 basis points due to higher shrink. Retail shrink continues to be a systemic issue across the retail industry. Turning next to the International segment. And as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. The International segment performed better than our expectations in the quarter. Total sales increased 4.4%, with Boots UK up 6.2% and Germany wholesale growing 3.7%. Segment adjusted gross profit increased by 7%, outpacing sales growth, with Boots UK driving strong retail growth. Adjusted operating income grew 15%, including the impact from inflationary cost pressures. Let's now cover Boots UK in detail. Comp pharmacy sales grew 0.8%. Comp retail sales increased 9.8%, with growth across all categories, led by beauty and health and wellness. We also saw a year-on-year growth across all store formats, with flagship and travel locations performing particularly well. Boots increased retail market share for the 11th consecutive quarter, led by beauty. Boots.com sales increased 17.5% year-on-year and represented 19.2% of our UK retail sales. Turning next to US Healthcare. US Healthcare segment results were in line with our expectations. This is the second consecutive quarter of significant improvement in AOI and adjusted EBITDA compared to prior year. First quarter sales of $1.9 billion increased by 95% compared to the prior year, reflecting the acquisition of Summit Health by VillageMD and growth across all businesses. On a pro forma basis, segment sales increased 12%. VillageMD sales of $1.4 billion were up 14% on a pro forma basis. The year-on-year increase was driven by growth in full risk lives, better same clinic performance, and increased productivity in the Summit Health multi-specialty business. Shields increased sales by 27% as new health system contracts and expansion of existing partnerships led to a 42% increase in the number of patients on service in the quarter versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $39 million, reflecting investment in VillageMD, partly offset by profitable growth at Shields and CareCentrix. Adjusted EBITDA increased $84 million compared to last year, with improvement across all businesses. We are making progress to accelerate profitability at VillageMD, and profit growth from all other businesses contributed positively in the quarter. Turning next to cash flow. Overall, free cash flows were in line with our expectations. Operating cash flows in the quarter was negatively impacted by anticipated seasonal inventory build and timing of payor reimbursement. Capital expenditures declined by $104 million versus the first quarter of fiscal '23. Free cash flow was down $671 million versus the prior year, driven by the phasing of working capital and lower earnings, partially offset by lower capital expenditures. As Tim mentioned, we are on track to reduce capital expenditures by approximately $600 million year-over-year and to deliver working capital improvement of $500 million. I will now turn to guidance. We are maintaining our fiscal '24 adjusted EPS guidance. We expect certain incremental tailwinds and headwinds in a challenging environment compared to our prior outlook. On the tailwinds, with strong execution to date, we now expect pharmacy services to deliver ahead of our initial plan. We also anticipate an improvement in our full year adjusted effective tax rate as a result of tax planning initiatives, with a revised range of 15% to 17%, compared to the prior outlook of 19% to 20%. On the headwinds. First, we expect the pullback in consumer spending and shifting behaviors will continue to impact our retail sales in the US in the short term, while improving in the second half. We now expect retail comp sales for fiscal '24 to decline low single-digits compared to the prior outlook of flat. Second, we expect approximately $125 million in reduced sale and leaseback gains versus our prior outlook. As we explained in October, this is the last year of anticipated sale leaseback transactions. Lastly, we also forecast slightly lower overall market volume growth for prescriptions compared to our previous expectations. Importantly, as we build on the first quarter progress in US Healthcare, we continue to expect segment adjusted EBITDA to be breakeven at the midpoint of the guidance range. This represents an increase of $325 million to $425 million over fiscal '23. The improvement is mainly driven by actions taken to accelerate profitability at VillageMD, robust growth at Shields, and cost discipline. Next, I will discuss factors impacting the phasing of earnings in the second quarter versus second half of the fiscal year. In the second quarter, we will be lapping adjusted EPS of $1.16 in the prior year quarter. Three factors are expected to have an outsized impact on the year-over-year comparison. First, we anticipate lower contributions from sale and leaseback activity. Second, we're incorporating impacts of consumer pressures on spending and sentiment, and higher shrink on our retail business. Lastly, we expect these headwinds to be partly offset by a lower tax rate in the second quarter due to the phasing of tax planning initiatives. Looking ahead to the second half of fiscal '24, there are four key drivers for our improving earnings profile. First, as we have previously discussed, we expect actions to lower our cost base will continue to ramp over the year. Second, we expect US Healthcare segment profitability will scale over the balance of the year, mainly driven by benefits from optimizing the clinic footprint, growing patient panels and realigning cost at VillageMD, and growth across all of the businesses. Third, we cautiously expect modest level of retail market growth against an easier second half comparison. Finally, our tax rate was elevated in the first quarter. We expect favorability in the remainder of the year. With that, let me now pass it back to Tim for his closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: To summarize what you've heard from us today, we executed on our plans in the first quarter despite the challenging environment, and we also recognize there is still plenty of work to be done. The future of health care and of this company both require innovative new thinking. My headline to you is that everything is on the table to deliver greater shareholder value. We have the experience and the license to deeply examine our business and make the changes that position us well going forward. Having spent time with our team members and our business, I'm encouraged by the significant opportunity to build on our legacy pharmacy strength and our trusted brand, to evolve health care and the customer experience. We are not pivoting away from our position as the premier neighbourhood retail pharmacy, but we are instead redefining what we can do to help payors, providers and pharma achieve their goals. The reasons I joined WBA weren't just validated in these discussions, they are even more true than I had anticipated. I have a strong team in place to drive execution who are effectively working together to deliver for all of our stakeholders while I work through several leadership transitions. In the coming weeks and months, we look forward to engaging with you, our customers, our fellow teammates and our shareholders as we are listening, learning and moving quickly to create sustainable value. Now I would like to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Good morning. Thanks for all the comments, Tim. I want to go back to your comments around the reimbursement model. You talked about pay-for-performance, you talked about the unmatched value, transparency, predictability. How much of that do you think can be driven by Walgreens and Walgreens putting a new model in place? And as we think about just what's happened with the margins in drug retail over a number of years, what do you think can be a sustainable margin when we think about the drug retail business?
Tim Wentworth: Good morning, Lisa. Thanks. So, first of all, as it relates to sort of how much can Walgreens drive market shift, I think we certainly, as a major retail player and partner to PBMs and health plans, are in a position to bring value to the table in different ways that they will look at and determine -- help them win in their marketplaces. And so I actually think we can play a fairly significant role in the relationships that we have, the contracts that we write and the risk that we're willing to take in terms of the value we know we will create at the back of the store with the way we can interact with patients on behalf of those payors. So I don't think, as you know, any change in a reimbursement model is a speedy change. But I think there's very, very strong clear messaging in the marketplace from us and others that would point to the fact that the way that retail pharmacies will create value in the next 10 years isn't going to simply be lowering the cost of -- the unit cost of the drugs that we're purchasing and distributing because, quite frankly, that largely now is not where the real gains can be made for payors and for patients. And so from our standpoint, we're going to drive hard at it. We can work inside of, and we've proven, we're inside of cost-plus models now, transparent models now. We have a very robust cash program. And we think we're a terrific partner to others that want to win in the marketplace with these more innovative models that they have talked about and that they are pushing into the market. So I feel super good. Now in terms of -- I'm not going to give you guidance on the, as you would expect, on the margins for drugs, other than to say that most of the -- if you look at the innovation and reimbursement in pharmacy that's likely to evolve, it's likely to evolve in such a way that the margin per drug is going to be largely based on how much service do we provide to patients that's receiving it. And I think we've seen what that looks like in models like specialty. We've also seen, when it disconnects, what it looks like. And those are things that we're working against as well, where we're not compensated for the kind of services we provide. And we are pretty confident that the value that we can build in what we call our pharmacy services, but also our use of pharmacists to help patients take the drugs and stay on them safely and get the benefits and make sure the payors are getting what they're paying for, we're super well positioned to evolve those models as a leader.
Lisa Gill: Thank you, and congrats on your first quarter.
Tim Wentworth: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning, guys, and I'll echo Lisa's sentiment, is welcome aboard, Tim. I guess, Tim, as you look at the business from where you stand right now, you've kind of said that everything is on the table. But I guess, could you spend a little bit talking about what you think is part of the Walgreens core business, the WBA core business, and kind of what might be ancillary? And kind of maybe talk about how you're spending your time and where you think your strategic focus is most important to be spent right now.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks, George. I appreciate the question. That's a great way to ask what's on the table. And from that standpoint, let me answer your question though. Because we have a terrific group of assets that I think are going to be, on a go-forward basis, critical. But again, let me be clear, I'm 60 days in. We have a lot of work to do. We're working to get our cash flows, our balance sheet, all of our financial models aligned with being able to invest in our company to grow. The first and most easy answer is our stores. And so lest anyone think that where we were headed was a meaningful pivot away from being committed to a community-based engagement model with patients, both with what we do in pharmacy and what we do to create a great experience for them in the front of our store, that is central, a central element to what we will have going forward, and that is not on the table. Now what is on the table is what's the right footprint in stores. And we've announced already that, for example, this year, we're going to optimize our footprint by roughly 200 stores and we're on track to do that. We will continually look at sort of the model through the lens of where do we need to be and where do we not need to be, and what is creating value and what is destroying value. So - but there's no question for me that we are going to be a major community-based, neighbourhood, point of engagement for patients with human beings touching human beings, which I believe is the long-term how health care in this country is going to evolve. Besides that, though, we very much -- and you've seen -- I get asked, why did you come off the couch that you were sitting on to get back into the CEO chair? It was real simple. Walgreens called me. I had had three years of experience during the worst pandemic, hopefully, in my life with the pharmacy services part of our business, with the vaccines that my family and I were able to obtain. And so for me, I viewed Walgreens as a fundamental public health utility as much as a business, and something that literally has the potential to be meaningful, not just in a pandemic, but on a go-forward basis. And we have proven that with our pharmacy services businesses. So we are clearly investing around being able to both free up pharmacists, centralize certain activities and so forth using technology to then expand the things that we can do in store, be they testing, be they -- including working with LabCorp, but also using our own employees, vaccines and adherence programs and other things that we do to counsel patients. Besides that, though, we have a really terrific cluster of businesses in CareCentrix and in Shields where we're adding value to payors in areas where they're taking risk and where they're looking for partnership. And those assets are, in my first glance, providing real value to the marketplace and have potential synergy with one another and with our retail pharmacy model. So again, backing all the way up though, again, there are a number of other things there. The clinical trials business that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, super interesting, leverages some of our assets, capital efficient. And I think that that's the way I'll zoom out here and just leave you with the thought that says, I don't want to detail every asset we have. We've got lots of really good stuff. We also have investments in things like VillageMD that we're actively managing. But what I would say is this, the lens that we're going to put on these things is, do they create sustained value for payors, patients, health systems, PBMs? And if they do, can we get a fair return for the capital that we're going to invest in them? And if the answer is we can't get a fair return, we're not a charity, so we won't do it. But I see a lot of opportunities for us to meaningfully create high return on capital investments in the services business. And that's the -- I think the headline I put out there is that we are going to evolve our services, our strategy, from a health care standpoint to a health services strategy, which I think a retail pharmacy basis for that. I thought a PBM basis was terrific to build a health services business. I think a retail pharmacy base is a fabulous base to build a health services business from because of the engagement.
George Hill: Okay. And if I could have a quick follow-up. I guess, do you think of the care delivery business as kind of core to the business in the way you frame the person-to-person aspect?
Tim Wentworth: When you -- would you define when you say care delivery?
George Hill: The Village and some of the assets?
Tim Wentworth: So we like that investment. We're working closely with them. And as Manmohan mentioned in his prepared remarks, there's no question that they have put themselves on a good path, both in terms of their costs and their footprint, getting to a place where they're going to be meaningfully growing and profitable. So we like that as an investment. I think that as a future growth area for us beyond the village investment, which we're very committed to, I would not expect to see us investing in additional primary care assets in our portfolio of investments.
George Hill: Very helpful color. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. And welcome, Tim, back. Tim, I wanted to touch on sort of your comments around specialty. Obviously, given you're in specialty from your prior roles, would love to hear a little bit more about this. You talked a little bit extensively about it and potentially the path for Walgreens to be a significantly bigger player in this segment. If I'm not mistaken, I think Shields is one of the few specialty pharmacies that has sort of access to almost all the limited distribution specialty drugs in the market. And sort of -- given sort of the shifting channel dynamics in this market over the next few years, particularly with, I would say, some ongoing regulatory scrutiny in this space, what kind of opportunities do you think this could create for Walgreens and Shields in particular? .
Tim Wentworth: Thanks. I'll start and then I'll actually let John speak a little bit more, because John has been very close to the Shields business, which has just been a terrific great management team and a great partner to health systems. First, let me clarify one thing, which is that actually we -- Walgreens specialty have access to the limited distribution drugs and Shields has access to us. And so what Shields is able to do is actually work on behalf of the health systems to build networks and to manage the patients and the pharmacy programs that are really important to these health systems. If you look at their underlying economics, quite often, that can be many times the only place that they're actually earning a profit. And so we become a very, very important partner. Our Walgreens specialty assets inside that mix, I'll speak to just for a second. We have community, a central fill. We are building a gene and cell therapy, because pharma has essentially indicated strong interest in working with us in that space. And so we think we've got great core assets. I think that one of the things that's been underway, under John and Rick working together, has been really making sure that we've got those assets focused very, very pointedly on the payor market. And since I got here, we've had a number of wins where we were put into the network of large Blue Cross Blue Shield regional plans as a participant. That's not sufficient from where I'm sitting, though. We've got to be able to win more than our fair share of those patients based on the service that we provide, the cost we can deliver. And we're working through sort of our models to figure out what we need to do to enhance our access to patients. That being said, though, Shields is a key enabler to a specialty strategy as a potential component for these pharmacies. And John, if you want to just give any additional color there?
John Driscoll: I think you nailed it, Tim. I think the only thing I'd add is we're not just growing with payors. We're growing beyond Blue's plans, with other payors. And it -- and what Shields does an exceptionally good job and in a growing market is leveraging a clinical pharmacy model, which delivers more adherence and better outcomes. And so it's really a great example, very -- where there's a lot of detail involved of we're being paid for performance, and that's growing in terms of building on Walgreens franchise with large hospital systems and small hospital systems around America. But it's based on execution, which I think there's still a lot of runway both from a payor and from a health system perspective, and obviously, the underlying especially drug market that is only going to get larger and more complicated, which I think plays to the Shields and the Walgreens strengths.
Charles Rhyee: Great. And if I could just follow up on George's question. Tim, you kind of said that you probably are looking to invest in more care delivery assets kind of like VillageMD, but could we expect more type of partnerships with entities like Pearl as a way to kind of expand continued access to care?
Tim Wentworth: Yes is the short answer. We recognize that VillageMD represents, and City, represent a fabulous sandbox for us to build services, test them, and by the way, demonstrate that they perform and help them achieve their objectives, while at the same time putting us in a position of growing. And from our perspective, that is a starting point to being a partner of choice for any number of -- as you know, Village has certain geographies they're very deep in, but there are geographies they're not in at all. And there are large provider opportunities for us to partner in similar ways in those marketplaces to grow our business and, importantly, help them grow theirs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. On pharmacy, we've been hearing from Walgreens and the pharmacy services are the key to driving better reimbursement for several years. And it looks like we're seeing that in vaccines today, the broader reimbursement pressure continues. And you have a peer saying that you've hit a floor on unit cost offsets. Independents are saying the same and it can't go lower. Do you share the view that we've hit a floor or that reimbursement pressure has reached a level you can't go past in '24 or '25? And perhaps more important, given your PBM experience, does Walgreens have the leverage needed to drive more fair reimbursement or new models?
Tim Wentworth: So listen, in my 25 years at PBM, the floor just kept moving lower, not just for retailers, but frankly, for all the players in the system, right, whether that be rebates or acquisition costs, et cetera. And so we don't accept that -- we think that there is very little left, let's put it that way, in the tank. In terms of if I'm a PBM and I'm trying to deliver value to my marketplace, the levers that I have include retail network design. And what I -- my point would be is squeezing the retailer beyond sort of where it's economically sensible for the retailer, by itself, there isn't much left there. And so to do that doesn't produce enough value for the PBM to go win on that basis. It's way, way more effective to win on creation of more certainty around value beyond unit costs. So I think we're close -- I'm not going to say we're close to the floor, but we are in this -- and we've had a very successful 2024 negotiations with the various PBMs and are 95% along the way of being done for '24 and have some good indications for '25. And again, we are -- we believe we can help drive a transition in the marketplace over time to a more value-based model, which will frankly show well to -- through to the end users and the patients. And so from my standpoint, I'll never declare there's a floor. And as I've said to our team, guess what, we still have to compete. We don't get to not compete just because the reimbursement model changes. We will compete, though, on things that we're actually very good at and that we can control. And I think that as I look forward in the next three or four years, we can play a leadership role in that in a way that helps PBMs win. Let me be clear. Our job is to help PBMs win. I want more prescriptions coming through our stores, and that does not happen simply by being a great patient experience. It happens by being a great payor partner. And that's the place that we're going to be focused. And we are listening carefully and trying to understand what are the payors trying to do in order to, therefore, configure the places we create value. And as you've seen, two very large PBMs have said at least -- and I think they're responding, it's really interesting to me, to more pull from the marketplace than we may have experienced historically as it relates to either pass-through or transparent models, and therefore, announcing these programs that they're putting out in the marketplace that we can play very, very effectively in. So the fact that there may be more marketplace pull there only presents for me a sense of urgency for our team to do what we've already done and accelerate additional value creation that we can a) be paid for and b) that our payors can go out and win with. Rick, do you want to?
Rick Gates: Yes, Charles, this is Rick.
Tim Wentworth: Rick add some color.
Rick Gates: Yes. Sorry, Eric. The one thing I'll add is that we've been very successful at making sure that we are negotiating straight and core dispensing as one rate and anything else, value add, is a separate rate. So when you think about pay-for-performance contracts or you think about any of our services like vaccinations or test, test and treat, those are completely separate reimbursements that we're getting. So we've been very specific on how we contract so that we can be laser sharp on how we look at the unit economics of our scripts dispensing.
Eric Percher: That's where I was going. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So just Tim, a follow-up on the reimbursement model because, obviously, it's a big focus for investors. I think you mentioned in Lisa's question that you think it would take some time. Do you have a guesstimate on how long you would take it to implement? And maybe putting your payor hat on since that was the majority of your career, why do you think payors would be open to such a change? What would be the main drivers for them? And maybe what would be the benefit for them longer term. And what would be the benefit for Walgreen longer term?
Tim Wentworth: So how long to implement, as you know, PBM and health plan selling cycles are not short. And so what I would expect is to see material potential change within a year or two. And probably -- but you'd also see for new sales midyear for small groups and stuff that churns more regularly, I think you could see a fairly quick uptake to the extent that the market is looking for this. And again, I say that cautiously because we've seen before with transparent, I remember in 2005, I think, as a PBM, I wrote the -- we joined the Towers Watson collaborative and it was -- we were doing traditional deals within six months alongside of the transparent because the market actually didn't want the risk shifted to them. They wanted the risk being held by the PBM. So in this case though, I think that the plan designs that the market have largely evolved to are creating this underlying demand to give patients the pass-through of the cost plus experience so that they don't have an odd surprise when they go to the pharmacy counter of paying more for the drug than actually they would if they were a cash payor. So I do think that the employers don't like the employees coming into their benefits office asking questions about how good are my benefits, if, in fact -- this is my experience at the pharmacy counter. And that's causing some demand. Again, I'd let the PBM speak for themselves as to why they've launched these programs. But I would suspect that, that's a piece of it. I think as well, the regulatory environment continues to evolve. And I think that it is very appropriately responsive to some of the concerns that exist there. So I don't think it's going to be -- this is not a six-month implementation. We are prepared and already have sat down and had conversations to support these models, and we could convert to a cost plus model overnight. So we are a willing player in terms of what we would need to do to compete and win patients on a cost-plus basis. Why payers would do it? Again, I think I've just -- I've answered that for you in terms of it comes down to providing a benefit in a labor market that's fairly tough competitive-wise to folks that are valued. And so they want the benefit, the pharmacy benefits, the most used benefit, they want it to be valued. And they want it to be understood and they don't want it to be confusing. And so I think these models offer a pathway to achieve that. What's in it for us is being paid fairly for the services we're providing at the back of the store, and not subsidizing in a large-scale way the products that the patients are getting in a way that's not economic for us. And I think the big change there, if you go back, there was an appropriate amount of incentive being created in the system to dispense generics, for lots of obvious and good reasons. If you go back 25 years ago, the generic wave was -- people didn't believe would happen. We had to do generic sampling in the PBM industry to even convince physicians that they were okay to dispense and easy to dispense. And so that's different now. You've got 90-plus percent generic dispensing rates in most places. And the need to cross-subsidize and force essentially the profit on to the generic side in exchange for a subsidy on the brand, particularly with the new brands that are coming out, just doesn't work anymore for the pharmacies or, frankly, for the patients in high deductible plans. And so I think those powers will align to force this time a set of changes around reimbursement that may well stick.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks and thanks so much for taking my question. In your prepared remarks around guidance, you mentioned that your expectations were around market growth in the pharmacy, maybe being a little bit lower now. I just love any clarity on what that meant and what might be driving that. And then secondly more a strategic question for Tim. Given your history and everything else as you think about pharmacy services, does it benefit Walgreens to actually own a PBM?
Tim Wentworth: Well, I'll turn the first part of your question over to Manmohan and then be happy to answer the second part.
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. As you think about the prescription market growth, as we shared the outlook in October, our guidance was that we're going to grow in line with market on the prescription side. What we've continued to see in the first quarter is the market is growing at a slower pace. And that's really driven by two factors. First is the weaker respiratory season, and the second is the impact or continued impact of Medicaid redetermination. So as we're thinking about the full year now versus October, we expect the overall market growth to slow down roughly around 50 bps versus previous estimates.
Tim Wentworth: And as it relates to owning a PBM, I don't think that that's the best path for us, quite frankly. We -- I love -- and you've heard me say this in the past lives, I love being independent. I love being someone who can work across the ecosystem in a way that doesn't create anything but trust. And having a small PBM, the economics of delivering really good service and really good costs favor large PBMs for really obvious reasons. They produce a lot of value by scale. And so buying a second-tier PBM for us does not make sense. I would much rather work with every PBM than own a small one.
Kevin Caliendo: Understood. Can I ask a quick follow-up if possible. This morning, Lilly announced a new program called Lilly Direct. I don't even know if you guys were able to see it. But it sounds like something that maybe you could participate in. They're talking about having a third-party online pharmacy fulfillment services, and they're going to use existing pharmacy -- existing pharmacies to help dispense. I don't know if you've had a look at that. But is that something that you're talking about in terms of some of the services you might be able to offer or work with something like this? Or how would this impact Walgreens?
Tim Wentworth: No, it's a great question, and we did see it this morning. And my preface is, as I've mentioned, we can work inside of almost any reimbursement model and be a service provider to payors as well as patients as well as pharma. With that said, I can touch it over to Rick, who can speak a little bit as it relates to sort of how we think about that program and others like it that may evolve in the market.
Rick Gates: I think, Tim, you hit I think what we can talk about right now. I think what I would say is that, obviously, transparency for consumers and anything that lowers drug cost to consumers, we think is a good thing. And so obviously, we are supportive of those types of programs. We work with all of our partners, be it payor, PBM or pharma partners in order to help deliver against those. So is it an opportunity? Absolutely, and we certainly would support and work with Lilly on that.
Kevin Caliendo: Guys, thanks so much for all the details on this call. It's been great.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question and nice to work with you again, Tim. I just maybe double-clicking on what you've talked about in terms of the pay-for-performance contracts that you've done so far. Can you tell maybe -- and maybe this is a question for Tim and for Rick like sort of where focus on the contracts that you've signed has really focused on those contracts? And then as we think about the total opportunity, like do you have a sense of like what percent of those contracts like have some sort of element of that now and sort of as we think about the broader opportunity for that to improve going forward? Thank you.
Tim Wentworth: Yes, I will let Rick answer, other than to say I had a conversation last week with the CEO of a very, very large payor who wanted to sit our teams down to actually look at 2025 and how we may work together, particularly on Medicare Advantage, with them. And so there is a lot of -- some of the other dynamics in the marketplace that are macro now are going to then bubble back through our contracting process and the kind of conversations that we can come to the table creatively with. Rick, in terms of the current state of play, you want to address that?
Rick Gates: Yes. And I would just say that, obviously, most of the pay-for-performance contracts still sit within the Medicare Part D space. So obviously, we not only contract on specific deliverables, but we obviously plan operationally on how we're going to deliver against the ones that make sense so that we can deliver value within the ecosystem. We are starting to see in the Medicaid space that they are starting to have contracts come through. And obviously, generally then it would move into the commercial space. I think just reiterate what Tim said, I think we are having conversations and, obviously, our ability to deliver on these pay-for-performance contracts gives us more credibility to actually enter in more going forward.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our last question today will be from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Brian, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephanie Davis: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my question. Tim, I've got one last one on the cost plus model, just given your background in PBM and payor world. I'd be curious about your perspective on market share opportunities in this model. Is it status quo given it's a line of one of your peers? Or is there a way to structure those to increase relative attractiveness or kind of gain some share as well?
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I appreciate the question. The way that we view every opportunity is how do we gain share with it. What I like is competing on unit price is a fairly straightforward exercise, and we continue to do that. Competing on the underlying cost to deliver the basic service is something again that we understand and live with. Hard to differentiate on those two. We will always be the low-cost provider. That's one of the goals that we have and we are driving toward in our pharmacy business. But what I really like is the models that are being discussed and evaluated, and I think being pulled into the market, will allow differentiation on how well you leverage other assets and what assets you have. And in that respect, we've got 123 year head start on some folks as it relates to building out a trusted brand that patients will respond to. I'm really compelled by the kind of response that we are able to get on behalf of payors, for example, in our Walgreens Health business, when we use our brand and have our pharmacists call a patient and suggest to them, on behalf of one of our plans, that a flu shot would be a good idea for a Medicare Advantage patient, or that perhaps complete -- coming to the store and getting a Cologuard test and actually completing it and showing that we can get 50% plus response rates, even with something as challenging as a Cologuard test, to me that shows the kind of thing that we can do better than anybody that will differentiate us as these contracts with payors broaden out from pure unit cost. And so I feel really, really good about where we sit as an ability to do that to gain access to patients and, therefore, gain share.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Tim Wentworth, Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thank you. So, in summary, and thanks for dialing in. We are pleased with our first quarter results, but we recognize we have a lot of work to do. It is still early. The market continues to be, particularly for retailers, challenging. I think we're responding really very well. And we have a very supportive Board. You've seen the changes we've already been supported to make, and we have additional things that we are looking to do. We are on a path, but we are nowhere near the even the halfway point of the kind of things that we believe we can do long term to build a really powerful health services company on the back of and leveraging an excellent community asset that today we call a retail pharmacy. And so from that standpoint, the exciting thing for me is not only that we are on that path and that the results so far have been what we would have hoped for despite being very challenging and having to make some very, very difficult decisions. But to me, the thing that I go home and get excited about every day is, after we talk to payors and we talk to the marketplace, we talk to pharma, and we find out the level of need and interest they have in Walgreens being a preferred partner. And I think over the coming quarters, we will be able to give you greater clarity as it relates to what that's going to look like in our future and we look forward to doing that. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-10-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Ginger Graham, our Interim Chief Executive Officer; Manmohan Mahajan, our Interim Global Chief Financial Officer; and John Driscoll, President of U.S. Healthcare. In addition, Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Chief Pharmacy Officer at Walgreens and Tracey Brown, President of Walgreens Retail and Chief Customer Officer will participate in Q&A. All references to the COVID-19 headwind on todays call include U.S. vaccines, drive-through tests, and OTC tests. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides in the press release also contain further information about the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss during this call. I'll now turn the call over to Ginger.
Ginger L. Graham: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. The good news you heard yesterday is that Tim Wentworth has agreed to join WBA as our new Chief Executive Officer effective October 23. We are thrilled to have Tim and believe he will make a meaningful contribution to the future of the company with his deep knowledge and expertise in heath care. Weve asked him to make a few comments this morning and I would like to turn it over to him now. Tim?
Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Ginger. Im excited to join the call today and even more excited to get to work after next week. During my nearly three decades in health care, Ive led efforts to create innovative and flexible health services to meet the needs of health plans, employers and government organizations as well as their employees and members. And building a team that grew the largest, most operationally efficient PBM in the country or helping to establish Accredo as the most significant specialty pharmacy in the United States or helping to put together Evernorth [ph], a $100 billion plus health services business, Ive consistently built relationships and offered solutions both for customers who are looking for a trusted innovative partner who listens, and for patients who are looking for access and affordability. This impact was the direct result of having a winning team of employees and a culture that valued patients. Now I know WBA. I have worked with Walgreens as a customer, partner, competitor, investor and family member, and I understand the challenges ahead for us as well as for the health care industry. Walgreens is built on convenience, access and trust and has unique advantages in today's health care environment. I see the opportunities before us to build on our pharmacy strength, and our trusted brand to evolve health care and the customer experience to deliver better outcomes at a lower cost. Now I've learned a lot over the recent weeks, as you might imagine. I've spent time with each and every Board member, talking about the future and their priorities, learning about our challenges and opportunities, and most importantly, the importance of execution. Those discussions inform my own research. And of course, I have my personal experiences. For example, just last week, Maeve, a terrific store employee in Rochester, New York, professionally and cheerfully delivered to me a critical prescription to help my mother. It was the kind of experience I appreciate and everyone deserves. And I know that Maeve is surrounded by committed pharmacists and other team members, all of whom together can improve the lives of each person who walks through our door in my mom's hometown Walgreens in Rochester, and in every store we operate. All of these experiences together made my decision to join WBA, frankly, an easy one. There is a reservoir of goodwill for this company across communities, and a substantial opportunity to return value to our customers, employees and shareholders. Alongside the Board, our team members and partners, I'm enthusiastic about our future and realizing our health care strategy and vision. I'm humbled to serve as WBA's next CEO and look forward to speaking to many of you in the coming weeks. Ginger, thank you, and thank you to the entire WBA Board for this opportunity. I'll now turn it back to you.
Ginger L. Graham: Thanks, Tim. I'm excited and looking forward to working with you. While Tim won't be on the Q&A, I'm sure he will be talking with all of you soon after he joins the company. With that let me turn to our business results. My time here has been very focused on stabilizing our talent, addressing our level of spending relative to the scale of our business, and critically reviewing our capital allocation across the business. With the benefit of having been on the Board, it has accelerated my ability to work with the team and make swift decisions and implement changes across many areas of our operations. We have focused on three near-term operational priorities. We must support our customer facing activities, scrutinize every penny of spend that does not directly benefit the customer, and improve cash management. I will restate what we know and is critical to our future. We believe the fundamentals of our core business remain strong. We dispensed over a billion prescriptions annually across our retail and specialty pharmacies. We play a key role in health care delivery in this country. 78% of Americans live within 5 miles of a Walgreens or a Duane Reade and 58% of us are likely to visit a local pharmacy as the first step for a non-emergency health need. Our trusted brand, deep community relationships and convenience form the foundation of our pharmacy business and our platform for growth as we expand throughout other areas of health care. I see significant opportunity to improve the cost base of this business. During the last 6 weeks, we have taken decisive actions to right size our cost structure. We expect over $1 billion of cost savings during fiscal year 2024 based on the actions we have already taken and are in progress. Examples include reducing our headquarter cost going line by line, expense category by expense category and reducing all non-essential spend. We've reviewed and are reducing areas for contracted or project work. We are altering our store operating hours based on local market trends. We are closing unprofitable stores. We're driving supply chain efficiencies including using AI to more accurately forecast demand and optimizing our transportation network. We're also implementing centralized services that control inventory, reduce workload and provide better customer support. We're taking a hard look at all projects and stopping those that are not essential. These actions reduce expenses, but more importantly, they help focus our energy on the most important needs for the business and for our customers. We are more aggressively managing decisions that impact cash. This includes working capital management, targeting over $500 million of improvement and defining near-term capital expenditure reductions, which we expect will bolster our balance sheet and support our priorities. Let me give you some examples. One major effort at Walgreens has been to introduce a perpetual pharmacy inventory system across the chain. As of last week, it is available to all 9,000 of our stores. This provides complete visibility of our inventory in the pharmacies, and supports our work to reduce excess inventory and free up working capital. It also has many benefits for the pharmacy staff and feedback has been overwhelmingly positive as it simplifies workflows reducing store level activities. Another area where we have reduced working capital and impacted our workflow at the store level is related to regional micro fulfillment centers. These centers allow us to improve product availability, while at the same time reduce total inventory levels. Our 11th Micro fulfillment Center opened 3 weeks ago. These centers currently support more than 4,300 stores, filling over 2.3 million prescriptions each week across 29 states. As we fill more prescriptions centrally, it frees up our staff to spend more time with customers offering other health related products and services, and it relieves some of the pressure on store staffing. It is important to note that we have paused further expansion of our fulfillment centers to first drive improvements in the rollout. So we may fully realize the many benefits the center's offer; working capital reduction, inventory tracking and control, customer service enhancements, workflow improvements and reduction in cost of sale. The team has defined threshold requirements of performance before we move to implement the final five locations. There is significant opportunity to reduce retail inventory and optimize our retail product mix. We are reducing SKUs, addressing slow moving product categories and moving eCommerce shipments to fulfillment by our stores, getting the delivery to the customer in most cases in less than 1 hour. This is augmented by real progress on our own brands, which offers a big opportunity that we have been slow to capture. All of these working capital improvements yield customer service benefits and workflow improvements for our staff. Cash is also influenced by our capital expenditure budgets. And we are reducing our capital expenditures in fiscal year 2024 compared to last year, down approximately $600 million. We have already identified many of the actions required to deliver this improvement and to ensure that we execute all capital and project expenses are now being reviewed and approved centrally. One other important action I want to mention is our return to the office. I have recently communicated that our leaders are expected to return to the office this month, and all other team members are expected back in late November. We're convinced that our ability to act quickly, deliver priority projects and respond to business demands will be improved by being together. With that, I'll hand it over to Manmohan to review our financial results and our outlook for fiscal year 2024.
Manmohan Mahajan: Thank you, Ginger, and good morning. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS came in near the low end of the range provided on June 27 and in line with our update on September 1. Our results reflected a further slowdown in respiratory events, shifting consumer behaviors driven by a challenging macroeconomic environment and lower COVID-19 related contributions. Overall, we delivered 8.3% sales growth on a constant currency basis. This includes $1.4 billion in growth in our health care business versus the prior year. Our U.S Retail Pharmacy business grew 3.6% and our Boots U.K business delivered 10.9% sales growth. Adjusted EPS of $0.67 was down 18%, on a constant currency basis. The 18% decline was driven by lower COVID-19 contributions, lower sale leaseback gains net of rent and a higher tax rate. We saw positive results from underlying retail pharmacy performance, lower incentive accruals strong international growth and improved profitability in U.S health care. GAAP net loss of $180 million improved by $235 million compared to prior year. Remember that we had a $783 million noncash impairment charge in the year ago quarter. The loss in the quarter was driven by charges for certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements, and one-time charges related to transformational cost management program. Now let's move to the year-to-date highlights. Fiscal '23 sales increased 5.6% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS of $3.98 was down 20.3% on a constant currency basis. Our results reflected lower COVID-19 contributions and increased labor investments. These challenges were partly offset by lower incentive accruals, growth in international and retail performance in the U.S. GAAP net loss was $3.1 billion compared to net earnings of $4.3 billion in fiscal '22. Fiscal '23 included a $5.5 billion after tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits. Now, let's move to the U.S Retail Pharmacy segments. Comp sales growth was 5.7% reflecting higher brand inflation and mix impacts in our pharmacy business and comp script growth. AOI was down 29.4% in the quarter, reflecting a 27% impact from lower COVID-19 contributions and a 17% impact from lower levels of sale leaseback gains net of rent, higher underlying pharmacy gross profit, and lower incentive accruals contributed positively to AOI. Let me now turn to U.S Pharmacy. Pharmacy comp sales increased 9.2% in the quarter, driven by brand inflation and mix impacts and comp script growth. A weaker than normal respiratory season and impact of Medicaid redeterminations resulted in a weaker overall prescription market during the quarter. Third-party market data showed flu, cold and respiratory activity down 35% compared to the prior year quarter. Despite these weaker trends, comp scripts grew 1.6% excluding immunizations. We administered roughly 400,000 COVID-19 vaccinations in the quarter, down from 2.9 million in the prior year quarter. Excluding the impact of COVID-19, fourth quarter adjusted gross profit increased versus the prior year period. Turning next to our U.S Retail business. During the quarter, the Retail business was impacted by a weaker than normal respiratory season, and a continued shift in consumer behaviors driven by a challenging macroeconomic environment. As a result, comparable sales declined 3.3% in the quarter. There are three main drivers. First, an 80% decline in COVID-19 test kits impacted growth by around 160 basis points. Second, weaker cough, cold, flu sales had an approximately 100 basis points impact. And lastly, we were impacted by approximately 60 basis points from summer seasonal weakness as customers continue to pull back on discretionary spending, reflecting the challenging macroeconomic environment. Looking at category performance, we saw a decline in health and wellness while personal care and beauty both grew low single digits. Retail gross margin was impacted by elevated shrink and lower sales in a higher margin categories such as cough, cold, flu, seasonal and COVID-19 test kits. Despite the pressure in the second half, gross margin grew by nearly 100 basis points in fiscal '23 on top of 100 basis point increase in the prior year. Turning next to the international segment, and as always, I will talk in constant currency numbers. The International segment again performed very well in the quarter delivering profit ahead of guidance. Sales increased 6.7% with growth across all international markets. Boots U.K was up 10.9% and Germany wholesale grew 3.5%. Gross Profit increased nearly 10%, outpacing sales growth. Boots U.K experienced continued strong retail growth and improved pharmacy margin compared to the prior year period. Despite higher inflation and increased store related costs, SG&A as a percentage of sales improved, benefiting from disciplined cost management. These impacts resulted in adjusted operating income growth of 52%. Let's now look in more details at Boots U.K. Comp retail sales increased 11.7% on top of a 15.2% comp in the prior year quarter. Boots grew market share for the 10th consecutive quarter, approximately 1 percentage point versus the prior year quarter. With gains in beauty and health and wellness, Boots.com sales grew 29% year-on-year and represented over 13% of our U.K Retail sales. Turning next to U.S Healthcare. U.S Healthcare segment results were in line with the guidance provided on June 27 with AOI and adjusted EBITDA both up sequentially and year-over-year. The business continues to rapidly scale with fourth quarter sales of $2 billion, reflecting the acquisition of CareCentrix, the acquisition of Summit Health by VillageMD and growth in all businesses. Segment pro forma sales grew 19% driven by VillageMD sales of $1.4 billion, up 17% on a pro forma basis. The growth was led by higher value-based lives, expansion of the clinic footprint and increased fee-for-service volumes as clinics mature. CareCentrix sales were up 24% on a pro forma basis, and Shields delivered pro forma sales growth of 29%. Segment gross profit improved 29% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $30 million, an improvement of $103 million from the prior year quarter. Turning next to the cash flow. We generated $2.3 billion of operating cash flow in fiscal '23, reflecting lower COVID-19 contributions, opioid settlement payments and losses in our U.S Healthcare segment. Fiscal '23 capital expenditures of $2.1 billion increased by approximately $400 million compared to the prior year. This was driven by growth initiatives, including VillageMD and the micro fulfillment center rollout. This resulted in free cash flow of $665 million. We also reduced debt by $2.6 billion in fiscal '23. As Ginger discussed, we are taking a number of actions to drive improvement in free cash flow in fiscal '24, including approximately $600 million in reduced capital expenditures, and approximately $500 million benefit from working capital optimization initiatives. I will now turn to our fiscal '24 guidance. We are guiding to fiscal '24 adjusted EPS of $3.20 to $3.50, down from $3.98 in fiscal '23. Before discussing underlying performance, I want to mention some key headwinds that we will face in fiscal '24. These include lower sale and leaseback contributions, a higher tax rate and lower COVID-19 contributions. We're also assuming continued macroeconomic pressure on the consumer and a weaker respiratory season compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of these headwinds, our forecast assumes underlying growth which is primarily driven by two factors. First, we expect accelerating profitability in our U.S Healthcare business in 2024 as the segment continues to scale with adjusted EBITDA expected to be at or around breakeven Second, we expect U.S Retail Pharmacy underlying adjusted operating income to be driven by immediate actions to improve the cost base and modest underlying growth in both retail and pharmacy. Let me now illustrate the larger moving pieces as we bridge from fiscal '23 to fiscal '24. I mentioned three notable headwinds to adjusted EPS, sale and leaseback is estimated to have a negative year on year impact of between 11% to 13%. As we have said before, we do not expect any contribution from sale and leaseback beyond fiscal '24. Tax rates will be higher in 2024, increasing by approximately 10 percentage points compared to 2023 due to higher international rates and benefits recognized in 2023 that are not expected to repeat in 2024. Finally, we're projecting lower COVID-19 contributions that result in a 6% to 7% year-on-year impact. Excluding these impacts, we expect underlying growth of 9% to 12% driven by accelerating profitability in U.S Healthcare, and immediate actions to improve our cost base across the company. Let me now walk you through the 2024 guidance in greater detail. Overall, we expect total sales in fiscal '24 to be up 1% to 4% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income is expected to be down 5% to 12% on a constant currency basis. Let me now walk you through the assumptions and guidance for each of our reporting segments starting with U.S Retail Pharmacy. U.S Retail Pharmacy segment sales are projected to be flat to up 2%. AOI will be negatively impacted by approximately 8 percentage points from the lower COVID-19 contributions and roughly 11 percentage points of lower sale and leaseback gains. Excluding these impacts, the underlying business is projected to drive 5% to 10% AOI growth. I will now take you through the key business drivers. First, we anticipate script volume growth driven by overall market growth. On reimbursement, we have roughly 75% of the contract signed for calendar year '24. We do expect reimbursement pressure to be less of a headwind in fiscal '24 than in fiscal '23. We're projecting approximately 5 million COVID vaccinations in 2024. Quarter-to-date, we're well on track and have already administered over 3 million COVID vaccinations. In Retail, we expect margins to benefit from our category performance improvement program and a roughly 1 percentage point increase in on-rent penetration. At the same time, we're adopting a prudent approach. We see a continuation of the challenging trends that impacted the second half of fiscal 2023. We're projecting flat comparable sales due to a milder cough, cold and flu season year-on-year; lower COVID OTC test kit volume and continued consumer pressure. We're also planning a higher level of shrink, which has been increasing in the last several months and continues to represent a serious systemic issue across the retail industry. Within SG&A, we expect to achieve over $1 billion of cost savings during fiscal 2024 as Ginger has already described. Turning next to guidance for the International segment. Segment sales are projected flat to up 4% on a constant currency basis. We expect adjusted operating income of $745 million to $770 million, representing a constant currency decline of 18% to 21%. The year-on-year decline is entirely driven by property transactions during fiscal '23 which will not be repeated and the pending sales of the business in Chile. Excluding those impacts, we expect AOI growth to be flat to up 2% with continued execution within Boots U.K Retail business held back by the impact of inflationary pressures. Now let's turn to U.S Healthcare. We are focused on driving improved financial performance for U.S Healthcare in 2024. We expect fiscal '24 sales of $8.3 billion to $8.8 billion, reflecting first full year of Summit held an ongoing growth in all businesses. On a pro forma basis, we see sales growth of 10% to 17% and expect fiscal '24 adjusted EBITDA to be breakeven at the midpoint of the guidance range. This represents an increase of $325 million to $425 million compared to fiscal '23 driven by growth in full risk lives, fee-for-service volume, optimization of the clinic footprint and realignment of the cost base at VillageMD. Robust growth at Shields and Walgreens health business growth driven by scaling of our clinical trial business and health care services and through cost management. We assume an effective tax rate of approximately 19% to 20% with the year-over-year increase driven by higher international statutory tax rates and benefits recognized in 2023 that are not expected to repeat in 2024. Interest expense is expected to decrease by approximately $80 million. In the first quarter, we will be lapping the prior year quarters adjusted EPS of $1.16. The following five factors are expected to have an outsized impact in the first quarter this year. First, we had a significant tax benefit in prior year period, which will not repeat in the first quarter of 2024. Second, we're expecting COVID-19 contributions to be lower in the first quarter, reflecting last year's Omicron wave and seasonality. Third, we anticipate lower contributions from sale and leaseback activity. Fourth, we're lapping elevated levels of labor investments in our pharmacy staff. Finally, we also expect a more normalized flu season in fiscal '24 peaking in the second quarter versus the early start in the prior year. Moving beyond the first quarter, we will see sequential improvement, and I will discuss the top four drivers. First, we're executing a series of actions to lower our cost base. These will have limited impact on the first quarter, but will start to ramp in the second quarter. There is adjusted EPS benefit of $0.50 to $0.60 in the balance of the year compared to the first quarter. Second, in our U.S Healthcare segment, we expect profitability to improve from optimizing the clinic footprint, growing patient panels and realigning costs. Third, we expect growing contributions from retail initiatives, including sequentially improving retail comps and margin expansion programs. Finally, seasonality plays a role in our business benefiting the second quarter, which is usually the height of the cough, cold, flu season in the U.S and as when Boots U.K sees significant profit driven by the holiday season. With that, let me now hand it over to John to discuss our U.S Healthcare business.
John Driscoll: Good morning, and thanks Manmohan. Over the past 2 years, we've acquired or launched new businesses in primary care, multi specialty, post acute care, urgent care, specialty pharmacy services, population health and provider enablement. Each of these businesses builds upon our strong foundation in retail pharmacy to tap into high growth health care services. Walgreens uniquely has an advantage in convenience, consumer traffic, independence and trust that will help us with our health plan and provider partners create solutions that deliver better outcomes at lower cost. We connect daily with many of the patients that our plan and provider partners struggle to reach. Our goal is to be the independent partner of choice, not just in pharmacy, but also in health care services, where we can lower costs and help patients. Today, most of our customers come to Walgreens to meet their pharmacy needs. Increasingly and in the future, our pharmacy teams will be a critical part of how our plan and provider partners bend the cost curve. So whether you're a health plan or a health system, you're dealing with one Walgreens and a suite of capabilities and services. Here are some of the ways that our U.S Healthcare assets work with Walgreens to better serve our customers and payer provider and pharma clients. Shields is working with our Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy to convert Walgreens locations to Shields partner sites, collaborating with our contract pharmacies and delivering better adherence for patients on complex specialty drugs, and better value for hospitals. Walgreens Health and CareCentrix are partnering with Pearl Health to support providers who'd like to transition from fee-for-service to value-based care by leveraging Pearls Tech Solutions with Walgreens Healthcare Services, will accept full medical risk as we support physicians, patients by providing post acute and home health solutions from CareCentrix and population health services for more green [indiscernible], all of this is underpinned by Walgreens engagement of our customers, ensuring them access to better care. Our clinical trials business, which launched just last year, leverages our pharmacy capabilities and data to recruit and execute on clinical trials for our pharma clients. We will engage patients in all markets, including underserved communities. To date, we've signed 15 contracts and continue to see increasing demand for our services. CareCentrix provides an increasing number of post acute services to health plans. Combining Walgreens convenient locations, and CareCentrix health plan relationships, and patient management opens the door for a significant opportunity in durable medical equipment sales in our stores. The U.S Healthcare segment has ramped to an $8 billion sales run rate in just 2 years. Our health care services aim to deliver better value for our payer and provider partners. We meet patients where they are in order to improve access to lower cost solutions. While we have made progress on the build out of our health care business, we are not satisfied with the near-term returns on our investments. We will continue to grow in 2024, but with a renewed focus on more profitable growth. We have seen some improved performance in the fourth quarter with adjusted EBITDA sequentially increasing by $83 million. Our results reflect gross profit growth with each quarter this year building on the prior with an enhanced focus on expense discipline. We are taking swift action to unlock the embedded profits at Village and already see the benefit of improved capital and expense management with the addition of our new CFO at Village, Rich Rubino. VillageMD, Summit Health and CityMD will be the most meaningful drivers of growth in fiscal 2024. It has taken us longer than anticipated to realize the cost synergies across the combined assets. We also need to solve for a less efficient cost profile and excellence in execution. We believe that we can best enhance VillageMD growth and value by focusing on increased density in our highest opportunity markets and expanding integration of our digital assets. As we grow, we are constantly evaluating our footprint. With that, we plan to exit approximately five markets and approximately 60 clinics in fiscal 2024. These exits may take a variety of forms, including outright sales and hybrid equity arrangements as examples. As we exit these non-strategic markets, our long-term focus will be on achieving density and those regions with the greatest potential to drive future profitability growth and where we can best serve patients with our consolidated set of assets. The VillageMD model works as evidenced by the consistent performance of reducing total cost of care and improving outcomes in our more mature markets. VillageMD has a net promoter score of 89 which is one point higher than what I shared a year ago. We are also launching new virtual and less capital intensive models. In August we launched a pilot program with CityMD and Duane Reade, where a Duane Reade Walgreens customer can click a QR code and set up a visit at CityMD or a virtual telehealth visit with a clinician. We plan to roll out this digital partnership across Manhattan in the fall. Our VillageMD business is a primary care led risk bearing platform serving all customers and payers focusing on utilizing their technology platform to deliver the best health outcomes and a lower total cost of care. Growth in clinics translates into growth and full risk lives as evidenced by the growth in member months in all markets and mature markets. From fiscal year 2022 to 2023, VillageMD has grown full risk member months by 40% across all markets and 24% in our mature markets. Even with the rapid growth of VillageMD clinics, we're seeing positive proof points of the business's ability to perform in full risk arrangements. For our full risk MA population in three mature markets, we've seen Village bend the cost curve across multiple payers. Going forward as we focus on more profitable growth, we will build on positive clinical margin to deliver contribution margin on a consolidated basis. Next, I'd like to discuss our latest Walgreens Health partnership. We're partnering with Pearl Health, a provider enablement company that can help Walgreens expand our risk offering to more community based primary care providers. Walgreens and Pearl together will provide a management services offering with Walgreens providing prescription fulfillment, medication adherence, immunizations, care gap closures and diagnostic testing. Integrating local Walgreens pharmacies translates into more access to members with chronic illness, and more opportunities to influence better patient outcomes. This partnership enables physicians and health systems to work with us to manage the chronically ill in a much more targeted fashion. Pearl's access to doctors through the ACR reach program creates a care, traffic control system that can deliver on our commitment to provide better health care at a lower price for plans and patients. This model is also capital efficient, scalable and configurable nationwide. With this partnership, we are initially assuming risk for 9,000 lives in 12 markets. Our existing Walgreens health payer relationships have started with deeper service arrangements tied to care gap closures, clinical quality services and screening. Successful performance with these services provides a sound foundation for moving up the risk continuum. We expect to develop a range of risk arrangements that will leverage our assets across the care continuum, including VillageMD, Summit and CareCentrix, all building on our suite of clinical services available at Walgreens. With that, I'd like to pass it back to Ginger for closing remarks.
Ginger L. Graham: Thank you, John. The last several weeks have reinforced my confidence in the company's potential and also crystallized what actions must be taken to achieve it. We are focused on the right things. I am already encouraged by early results from decisions that advance our customer focus, eliminate cost and conserve cash. While we have a challenging year ahead of us, as Manmohan said earlier, our plan anticipates 9% to 12% growth in adjusted operating income from our underlying business. This comes in large part from our aggressive actions to manage costs we control. Of course, none of this would be possible without the hard work and dedication of a vast team of people here at WBA. They are doing the work, and they move quickly to respond to the realities of the business. I'm thankful for their responsiveness and commitment and for the opportunity that lies ahead as we set up WBA for a successful future together. Now I would like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I just really wanted to understand two things a little bit better. First, John, when you talk about the ramp and the challenges to profitability, one; when we think about that improved profitability, the exit of those markets from the 60 clinics, is that contributing to better AOI as we think about 2024? And then secondly, kind of trying to better understand where you see the biggest opportunities from a talent perspective, you talked about a lot of positives, Pearl, you talked about the turnaround at Village, obviously CareCentrix did really well this quarter, but can you maybe just talk about what are some of the other challenges you feel like you need to overcome to really truly make this a profitable business?
John Driscoll: Sure. I think, Lisa, thanks for the question. If you think about the cost reduction, that's only one piece of what we're doing at Village, City and Summit. It's really a three prong strategy. We are right sizing the footprint and getting our expenses in the right place. There are revenue synergy opportunities and we are seeing consistent growth in core revenues, which indicate that there's some opportunity on the margin side, which we are quickly getting after. And then the rest of U.S Healthcare, actually, we're seeing substantial growth and building profitability and CareCentrix, Shields, our Analytics Business, or U.S Healthcare business. So we're seeing substantial demand clinical trials is doing quite well. And so I think as a portfolio, we have -- we are very confident in our ability to perform in '24. If you look at those revenue numbers, we've got the revenues. Now we're going to get at some -- more effectively some of the embedded profits.
Lisa Gill: And then does this ties into kind of what everybody is talking about on the retail side, right. And I know you've given some guidance there. But as we think about expectation of scripts coming down, I would think that maybe there's an opportunity for more scripts to be pulled through into Walgreens. I understand respiratory, et cetera. But maybe if somebody can comment, Rick, if Rick is on the call, how do you think about that pull-through an opportunity on the script, excluding what we're seeing on the respiratory side? I know that the talk was 75% of relationships are signed on reimbursement, but reimbursements are expected to be down like what are going to be some of the big drivers beyond the $1 billion of incremental cost saves, that we can actually see drive the operating profit and your core pharmacy business?
Rick Gates: Yes. And, Lisa, this is Rick, it's a great question. And I'll kind of give the building blocks to script growth that we're expecting this year. Obviously, we saw a weaker end of the fiscal year from market growth, specifically around cough, cold, flu, some of the respiratory and some of the Medicaid redetermination, which showed some lower utilization from consumers. So the primary driver is the market coming back in line with what the expectations are from IQVIA and others. And so that's really what we've seen as we've started into the first quarter of the fiscal year. And market is going to be a big underpinning to what we do. But we continue to advance our adherence programs that are really driving incremental script growth, partnering with health plans and others to really drive better adherence. And obviously, that does help on the script side. You're also going to see some access initiatives, especially going into calendar year '24, which should be some tailwind for us. I think some change in dynamics in the marketplace or having individuals choose more open access and things that should give us access differently than what we've seen in the past. And the last one would be that we're really focused on potential profile buys and opportunities, given some of the changes in the marketplace. So I think there's a bunch of drivers that really give us confidence that we have tailwinds behind us in the script [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about Tim, coming on board here. Obviously, it seems like it was a fairly quick turnaround process. Maybe you can give us a little bit more insight into the -- that kind of hiring process, sort of when he was identified. And also here, obviously, starting in a week and a half or so, the company has given guidance. Any kind of sense on his involvement in sort of the business planning for the coming year -- anything there? And then also, obviously, you've given a lot of details in preserving and generating greater cash flow, obviously, through working capital reduction, et cetera. Any thoughts from the Board on sort of the dividend policy at this point?
Ginger L. Graham: Thanks, Charles. Let me start off with the process around Tim. We, as a Board, engaged Global Executive Search firm, and spent quite a bit of time with them talking about what we believe were the important characteristics, attributes and experiences of someone who would lead an organization of this impact and magnitude. We did review dozens of candidates, there was quite an extensive search process was undertaken. And we then narrowed it down to a top few where personal interviews were conducted with those individuals. We did a very aggressive background and reference check with the primary candidates, and then have had what I would call very extended conversations, in a broad sense about philosophy, background, experiences, the future, the market dynamics, the capabilities required, and about the ability to manage a very complex global organization. As Tim mentioned in his comments, every single Board member has been involved. I would say that we've done a very extensive evaluation through the process. And we did decide in the process that Tim was a very striking candidate for us on a number of fronts. Obviously, we were clear that we were looking for someone who had extensive background in health care. And Tim brings that pharmacy, provider, payer networks distribution. He really does understand a surround sound of the feedback that we get from the market about Walgreens and its many businesses. He also has managed scale and complexity before, which I think is very important. This is $140 billion business, it's global. It has many possibilities. But someone has to be able to manage the strategic and the operational aspects of that. And I think you heard from him, even in his quick comments, he's very patient and customer focused, which to me is of primary importance because that passion for the business, the understanding we have on human lives, the importance of our disciplines, our safety and compliance, our quality, our personnel, and the love he has of the store, those are big, big wins for the company. So I personally am thrilled I've had I don't know how many hours with Tim. And it's a lot and he and I are not done yet. We actually start together next week in a very extended work session. So I think the Board is excited as Tim conveyed his excitement. And we're all looking forward to him starting obviously, that won't happen again now for till the 23rd. So you -- the second question, you ask, what's his involvement in all of this? Obviously, we've only recently come to this agreement between us. And so Tim has not been involved at all, in the business or the operations. He's not been a party to forming the 2024 plan. Although he and I have had extensive discussions about what the opportunities are the business capabilities and our challenges, I think he mentioned maybe in his comments as well, that he comes in eyes wide open. So I think that's very important. But Tim is not a party to this plan. He is a party to what we believe is possible, and he understands the assumptions we're making. And he can't wait to get here. The third question I think you asked was the Board and its discussions about the dividend. So as you might imagine, this is a very important topic to the company. We have a very thorough process as a Board that we review every year. And at this point, the Board's made no changes to the dividend policy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning, guys. This is kind of a two-part question that go together. I guess, can you talk about -- think about the segment's how we should look at apportioning the $1 billion in cost savings. And kind of the other side of that is the cut in CapEx seems pretty severe. Its taking $0.5 billion or so [indiscernible] $2 billion number. How should we think about from a segment perspective, kind of where the CapEx cuts are coming from, and kind of how they're being apportioned. And I don't know if you can kind of give any examples, specifically of big sources of cost cutting savings, where the bigger sources of CapEx savings? Thanks.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So let me start with the cost savings. We're expecting at least a $1 billion of cost saving. And I think the way you need to think about this is majority of this is going to be coming from our U.S Retail Pharmacy business. And you have three or four components, let me just walk through them real quick. Ginger talked about, we're looking at all costs related to headquarters support office, and we're going line by line. So that's one. We are closing unprofitable locations, and that's going to be accretive in the year. We have optimized store hours in certain locations to match with, where the local market already is. And I think the other big component of this is, we've looked at all the project spend, and all the projects that exist across the company, and I think the focus is there twofold. More importantly, it's how do we focus the organization on customer focus initiated so that we deliver more value. But then obviously, reducing the spend on the income statement. So that's on the cost side. Look on the CapEx side, I'd say, if you look at the trend we've seen, you go back to maybe fiscal '22, I think we were at around $1.4 billion in the year. We increased to -- this is '21, sorry. So -- and then we went up $300 million. And again, last year was the peak of 2.1. And so all we're trying to achieve here is getting back to kind of the normal levels of CapEx here. Two parts that are going to contribute into this, again, is one, as John talked about, we're very focused on our health care segment, on profitable growth and so. We will see a lower level of CapEx or growth CapEx coming out from U.S Healthcare segment. And then, if you look at a couple of drivers of the CapEx on the U.S Retail Pharmacy, Micro Fulfillment Centers as well as our digital transformation, some of those things are coming to fruition. And Ginger talked about, taking the pause on Micro Fulfillment Center, so that we increase the productivity and achieve the desired results [indiscernible]. So those are some of the factors, high-level that are driving the CapEx reduction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Please go ahead.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks and thanks for taking my question. The 60 clinics that are closing, sort of what was the driving factor there? Why were they not successful? Was it competition in the marketplace? Was it payer relationships? Like why weren't you able to drive volumes in those markets? What happened there? What can you learn from that?
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Kevin, it's a fair question. I think the way to think about the 60 clinic reductions is that some of them will be closed. In some cases, we're going to transition those to affiliate relationships. But it comes down to how quickly can we unlock profitable growth. And in the Village, City, Summit, it's about concentration of power and relevance within certain markets. Every one of our clinics actually shows month over month growth, but we don't see the growth coming fast enough in certain markets. And so we're going to pivot there and be very focused on where we can drive the most profitable growth. We're growing through the right sizing of our footprint, and some of the changes in our relationships. But our strategy going forward will be really focusing on markets where we see that momentum and scale and at a level that we want to see to drive the profits and the margin expectations that we want. So it's really more of a discipline around focusing on markets where we can go deep and continue to grow in a compounded series way, profitably.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay. That -- that's helpful. Can I just ask a quick follow-up on cash flow? Is the right way to think about it? I know you didn't provide fiscal '24 free cash flow, but should we take the 655, add the 600 million and reduce CapEx? 500 million benefit in working cap and then adjust for net income, is that like a rough range of where you think it would -- should come out for fiscal '24?
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, look, as at the end of the stand, and as you rightly pointed out, we do not generally provide guidance on the free cash flows. But we have outlined -- we do expect significant growth. And what we did here is we've carved out two significant drivers year-on-year. But having said that, and then we're looking at a third one to that as well just on the U.S Healthcare, we are expecting in fiscal '24 at the midpoint of the range to be breakeven on the EBITDA. And when you look at that year-on-year, that is significant improvement on the cash as well. So having said that, we're also looking at other offsetting items. So, we just wanted to make sure we have kind of the three. We do expect significant improvement and weve those three key drivers there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian Tanquilut: Hi, good morning. I guess, John, just a question of VillageMD, right. You're clearly showing some expectation for meaningful year-over-year improvement there or at least the whole Walgreens Health segment. As I think about the fact that you're opening new clinics, how does the J curve factor into this, right. Because I'm just trying to bridge to that significant improvement when you're opening new clinics, simply [ph] you will lose money?
John Driscoll: Sure. Well, first of all, I think we're essentially stopped the opening of new clinics. But remember, the J curve really refers most clearly to Village. With Summit and City, we've got consistent growing revenues that balance that a bit and actually help kind of develop -- show a better profit profile. And then we've got solid growth building quarter-over-quarter which Shields, CareCentrix, our Analytics Business, our Clinical Trials business and U.S Healthcare. So I think you've got to think about it as a portfolio. The J curve specifically impacting the new clinics that we are in the early stage clinics at four village but we've got a lot of other levers to pull or really advantages in the momentum and the margin profile -- improving margin profile across the other businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. One thing that's been obviously a hot topic this year is utilization. Obviously, you guys have a mixed model that both has fee-for-service as well as value-based care lives. Can you talk through us how you sort of see those inflections in utilization impacting of the VillageMD overall -- business overall? And then secondly, can you just comment more generally on sort of any additional deleveraging plans you have for this year? Thank you.
John Driscoll: I think on the utilization, utilization is our friend, obviously at City and at Summit, and has been more of a headwind in Village. The good news from a Village perspective is that even with that, increasing in utilization post-COVID, that we are particularly in our mature markets showing an improved margin profile on our full risk lives. And so it's the way we solve for what's a benefit of having a two-part portfolio is continuing to convert more of those fee-for-service lives to full risk lives with a better margin profile, and optimizing our cost base so that we can get the full value of that improvement in revenues.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, and I think on the question around deleveraging, couple of thoughts there. Number one, we're absolutely committed to our investment grade reading. And as we've said, one of the key areas of focus here in last 6 to 8 weeks for me and Ginger has been cash management. I've gone through that as to how we're going to drive the improvement there. And last I would point out is we continue to have a portfolio of investments which we look at simplification and optimizing that provides us flexibility.
Operator: Our final question comes from Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Percher: Thank you. I'd like to turn to the topic of labor and ask to what extent you're seeing headwinds from labor cost? And I think there's probably a bit of a reminder on the one-time costs you saw on fiscal year '23 versus fiscal year '24?
John Driscoll: Yes, maybe let me start with the one-time costs. Look, we have significant savings here that we're going to achieve in fiscal '24. And obviously there is going to be a cost associated with it. But when I look at the cash flow impact in the year within '24, we see a positive impact net-net from a cash flow perspective of cost savings initiative net of the costs associated with it. On the labor cost, yes, look, we have seen investments in last year and a half. If you think about Q1, Q1 would be the last quarter where we would see headwinds from a labor investment perspective. Because most of these investments were in play starting second quarter last year. Apart from that I think normal business course investments and labor will continue.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time. Ginger Graham, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Ginger L. Graham: Thanks so much, and thanks everyone for joining the call and your questions. We really appreciate the feedback and the support. We are clear on our challenges and our priorities and we are focused on the future. We're looking forward to your further question. So please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thanks very much.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-06-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Driscoll, President of U.S. Healthcare; Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Chief Pharmacy Officer at Walgreens will participate in Q&A. All references to the COVID-19 headwind on todays call include U.S. vaccines, drive-through tests, and OTC tests. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide two and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides in the press release also contain further information about the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss during this call. I'll now turn the call over to Roz.
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start today's call with an acknowledgment that our performance in the third quarter did not meet our overall expectations, and we are disappointed to have to change our fiscal 2023 guidance. While we achieved good sales growth and return to adjusted earnings growth in the quarter, several dynamics created margin pressures that we are factoring into our full-year outlook, We have seen changing market trends that have consumers prioritizing value in response to a more uncertain and challenging economic environment. There has been a steeper drop off in COVID vaccines and testing with the end of the public health emergency. We are also experiencing a slower profit ramp for U.S. Healthcare. Importantly, we remain committed to our strategy through immediate actions to accelerate our path to profitability and unlock long-term value. I remain confident in the long-term trajectory of our transformation, which is underpinned by significant progress against each of our four strategic priorities. We are continuing to transform and align our core business with advancements in our tech enabled pharmacy operating model. Today, we are announcing a scalable partnership with TelePharm to expand telepharmacy services; improve access to care; and provide flexibility for how and when patients engage with our pharmacists. Our model is also supported by our micro fulfillment centers, covering over 40% of our Walgreens store footprint. In U.S. retail, our flat year-to-date comp sales have successfully lapped last year's record 8.8% growth and retail gross margin is up over 100 basis points yet again. We have also made significant progress on building our next growth engine in healthcare, rapidly establishing our portfolio of assets across the care continuum. VillageMD acquired Summit to create a leading independent care delivery platform, and we accelerated the full acquisition of Shield and CareCentrix. This segment has gone from zero sales contribution just two years ago to a run rate of $8 billion in the third quarter of 2023. To fund our transformation and focus the portfolio, we have realized $4.1 billion in proceeds from the sale of ABC shares this fiscal year and also exited our Option Care Health position for $800 million in proceeds. Finally, we have continued to invest in strategic talent and capabilities, most recently, strengthening VillageMD's bench to welcome CFO, Rich Rubino. Turning to the third quarter, WBA returned to adjusted EPS growth, up nearly 4%. Third quarter sales were solid, growing almost 9% in constant currency. U.S. comp sales were up 7%. Let me call out U.S. retail digital sales, up 19% on top of a 25% gain last year with 3.7 million same day pickup orders. International was also notable, up 6.9% in the quarter. It is clear that consumers continue to appreciate the value, convenience and range of services delivered by Walgreens and Boots. Our increased expense discipline in the quarter only partly offset outsized margin pressure, and earnings growth was held back by three external factors. First, we saw lower-than-expected COVID-related demand, we had called out COVID as a wildcard heading into the quarter and have unfortunately seen less patient willingness to vaccinate. Walgreens administered 800,000 COVID-19 vaccines in the quarter, down 83% year-on-year and testing volumes are also down sharply. We are in turn taking the prudent [Indiscernible] of further reducing our expectations for COVID contributions going forward. We are currently projecting to administer 9 million to 10 million COVID vaccines next year in line with the typical flu season and compared to 12.5 million COVID vaccines expected in fiscal 2023. Second and similar to other retailers, we've been impacted by the rapid softening of the macro environment and a more cautious and value-driven consumer. Our customer is feeling the strain of higher inflation and interest rates, lower SNAP benefits and tax refunds, and an uncertain economic outlook. They are pulling back on discretionary and seasonal spend and responding strongly to promotional activity. For example, promotional unit is running up 10% in the retail channel, including a sharp increase over just a five-week period, while non-promotional units fell 8%. Let me add that we see the retail pricing environment as remaining rational. We have also seen some pressure on industry script volume excluding COVID, which may be related to these broader consumer headwinds. [Day fall] (ph) adjusted market growth excluding immunizations has slowed almost 2 percentage points from February to May. Our core retail pharmacy business is resilient and relatively well positioned in times of volatile consumer confidence. However, we're not immune to these external pressures and have trimmed our expectations accordingly, while at the same time ramping up our efforts around cost savings. Third, we've experienced a drag from a recent weaker respiratory season. We are feeling the effects through our script volume through our front of store sales, especially in the higher margin cough cold flu category and in CityMDs traffic trends. These trends are likely to persist into the fourth quarter against last year's category strength. Importantly, we achieved strong quality of earnings considering a 4.7% adverse net impact to adjusted EPS from COVID the sale of ABC shares, sell in leaseback, incentive accruals, and tax. This trend gives us line of sight to accelerating adjusted operating income growth in the fourth quarter. Let me turn to our updated guidance. We now expect fiscal 2023 adjusted EPS at $4.00 to $4.05, reflecting consumer and category trends, lower COVID-19 contribution, and a more cautious macroeconomic forward view. This guidance represents core earnings to be flat to up 1%, excluding COVID and currency. We are also providing preliminary fiscal 2024 commentary. Let me be clear, there are some factors impacting us today that are likely to extend into next year, namely the macroeconomic-driven consumer pressure and COVID headwinds. We are closely watching emerging challenges to consumer spending and sentiment, such as the end of fiscal stimulus and the resumption of student loan payments. There are other factors that are more specific to our business today and should not be annualized into fiscal 2024, such as the weaker respiratory season. Most importantly, we have undertaken several aggressive initiatives to enhance profitability and cash flow into next year, especially in our Healthcare business. We expect low-to-mid-single-digit adjusted operating growth in fiscal 2024 with the U.S. Retail Pharmacy and U.S. Healthcare Businesses more than offsetting headwinds from COVID, sale and leaseback and ABC. AOI growth should outpace adjusted EPS, due to offsets from higher tax and non-controlling interest. We will provide a more detailed discussion of 2024 guidance when we report fourth quarter and full-year 2023 results. The positive operating growth trends with improving quality of earnings support our continued confidence in building to sustainable long-term low-teens adjusted EPS growth over time. To drive shareholder value, we are taking the following immediate actions to enhance profitability and accelerate our journey. First, we are raising our transformational cost management program savings goal to $4.1 billion, this includes $800 million of savings in fiscal 2024. Second, we have implemented capital and project spend reductions, and we've launched a working capital optimization program. Third, we are pursuing portfolio simplification at an even faster pace. Fourth, we are announcing several specific actions to accelerate U.S. Healthcare's path to profitability focused on VillageMD and Summit Health. We are also accelerating the synergies between our U.S. Healthcare segment and our core Walgreens business. We have a unique opportunity to improve local healthcare and wellbeing in this country. The flywheel of healthcare and retail pharmacy working together will deliver more affordable, accessible, quality healthcare to our communities and will also deliver sustainable shareholder value. It starts with our trusted brand and pharmacist, national footprint, and digital offerings. 58% of Americans are likely to visit their local pharmacy as a first step when faced with a non-emergency medical issue. Add to that, our leading assets across the care continuum. VillageMD, Summit, Shield, and CareCentrix and our early work with health corners and clinical trials. We've created a platform at scale that is absolutely proving to help health plans and patients improve outcomes and lower cost. Our teams are expanding partnerships and driving greater market access, which is the next step to getting our will to turn. As healthcare and retail pharmacy jointly serve consumers, we will deepen engagement and reinforce our trusted brand. Let's look at a few tangible examples of how we're driving that value through our integrated portfolio. In partnering with VillageMD, our team based healthcare delivery enhances adherence. We are building digital connections and standalone clinics. More than 30 in Arizona and Texas are now supported by Walgreens pharmacies virtually with more coming online in Georgia this summer. To make the virtual experience seamless, we're piloting a healthcare concierge program to provide extra care coordination. We are also exploring an integrated pharmacist ambulatory care model. The pilot has driven over 40% reduction in hospital readmissions over 30-days and a material A1C reduction in diabetic patients. Remember also that roughly 50% of patients have co-located VillageMD clinics opt to get their prescription filled at Walgreens. VillageMD co-located sites that have been open for over [Technical Difficulty] per day. CareCentrix and a leading national healthcare services provider are partnering to offer a turnkey durable medical equipment benefit management solution and point-of-care platform for health plans. This should drive medical and administrative savings, while improving the overall member experience. Shields and Walgreens are working together to establish Walgreens as the single contract pharmacy for health systems. Walgreens is also converting existing specialty pharmacy locations to Shield partners to increase access to specialty drugs and services. Finally, at Walgreens Health, we are exploring new healthcare service lines such as additional diagnostic services and data analytics and insights. We've already seen strong results with our at-home testing programs such as the one we conducted last fall with Blue Shield of California to boost patient access to colorectal cancer screening. Members due for screening had the opportunity to visit Walgreens Pharmacy locations across the state to pick up an at-home kit. The test completion rate was 50 percentage points higher when members chose pharmacy pickup, compared to those that received a kit in the mail. Based on these successful results, we are launching similar at-home testing programs with other payer partners. In summary, our healthcare and retail pharmacy businesses are working together to improved outcomes and lower cost as only Walgreens can do. Im not satisfied by today's headline guidance revisions. However, I see the enterprise approach coming together to deliver sustainable value to consumers, to our partners and to shareholders. We have the right strategy. We are driving good progress across each of our strategic priorities and we are taking appropriate measures to account for the recent macroeconomic challenges and uncertainty. Through the necessary actions discussed today, we are pushing harder toward profitability with a strong sense of urgency, while continuing to reimagine local healthcare and wellness for all. With that, I'll hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. In summary, while we returned to adjusted EPS growth in the third quarter, earnings were below our expectations. As we encountered lower COVID contributions, shifting consumer behaviors, and a recent slowdown in respiratory incidences. Overall, we delivered 8.9% sales growth on a constant currency basis ahead of our plan, led by our U.S. pharmacy business, up 10%. Our Boots U.K. retail business, which delivered a solid 13% comp and our scaling healthcare business, which added $1.4 billion in sales versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS increased 3.6% on a constant currency basis despite a 19 percentage point headwind due to a lower COVID-19 contribution and 8 percentage points from reduced ownership of AmerisourceBergen. These were partly offset by favorabilitys from sale and leaseback, incentive accruals, and tax. All of these items net out to be a 4.7 percentage point headwind to EPS growth and this demonstrates overall good quality of earnings in the quarter. As Roz discussed, we are lowering our fiscal 23 adjusted EPS guidance to $4.00 to $4.05. This updated outlook reflects consumer and category trends, a lower contribution from COVID and an overall more cautious forward view given the continued macroeconomic uncertainty. Later, I will provide more color around the key assumptions underpinning our revised guidance. But first, let's look at the third quarter results in more detail. Adjusted operating income increased 0.6% on a constant currency basis. This included a 22 percentage point headwind from COVID-19 and a 7% drag from reduced AmerisourceBergen ownership, partly offset by sale and leaseback gains and incentive accruals. All of these items net out to an approximately 6% headwind to AOI growth. GAAP net earnings of $118 million declined a $171 million, compared to prior year. The current quarter included a $323 million after tax impairment charge related to pharmacy licenses in the U.K. Adjusted net earnings increased 3.4% on a constant currency basis to $860 million. Now let's move to the year-to-date highlights. Year-to-date sales increased 4.8% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS was down 20.7%, reflecting a lower COVID-19 contribution of 20 percentage points and reduced AmerisourceBergen ownership of 3 percentage points. GAAP earnings were a loss of $2.9 billion, compared to net earnings of $4.8 billion in 2022. With the current year including a $5.5 billion after tax charge for opioid related claims and lawsuits. Now let's move to the U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. Sales increased 4.4% in the quarter with comp sales up 7%. Adjusted gross profit declined 3.2% year-on-year, reflecting a 5 percentage point negative impact from COVID-19, a 5% reduction in SG&A expense more than offset the gross profit decline and led to AOI growth of 8.4% before the inclusion of AmerisourceBergen equity income. The sell down of our ABC stake led to a slight AOI decline of 0.4%. Let me now turn to U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy sales increased 6.3% and advanced 9.8% on a comparable basis, driven by both script growth and brand inflation. Excluding immunizations, comp scripts grew 2.8%, a slight deceleration from the prior quarter and reflecting broader prescription market trends. As expected, adjusted gross profit declined year-on-year, although excluding COVID, gross profit increased as script growth and lower cost of goods sold more than offset reimbursement pressure. Turning next to our U.S. retail business. Following several quarters of very good performance, the retail business encountered some headwinds in the third quarter as the consumer navigated through a difficult macroeconomic backdrop. Excluding tobacco, comp sales grew 0.2%, held back by 90 basis points due to holiday seasonal weakness as consumers pulled back on discretionary spending and 80 basis points due to lower sales of COVID-19 OTC test kits. We saw solid growth in grocery and household, up 4.7% and beauty, up 3.7%. Cough cold flu sales were flat, but slowed significantly in May, due to a decline in respiratory incidences. IQVIA fan data shows flu, cold and respiratory activity, down 8% in the third quarter, versus a 15% increase in the second quarter with May down in the mid-20% range. Following several consecutive quarters of year-on-year margin expansion, retail gross margin came under modest pressure in the third quarter. We've seen similar trends as the broader market with our promotional units, up around 7% in the most recent 13-week period. However, on a year-to-date basis, gross margin has increased by more than 100 basis points, driven by effective margin management. Turning next to the International segment and as always, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. The international segment continues to perform very well. Sales increased 7% with good growth across all international markets. Boots U.K. was up 10%, and Germany wholesale grew 4%. Adjusted operating income of $208 million increased 21%, despite a $40 million year-on-year headwind from sale and leaseback transactions. Let's now look in more detail at Boots U.K. Boots U.K. sales advanced 10%, pharmacy comp sales increased 6%, and comp retail sales grew 13%. And this comes on top of a 24% comp in the same quarter last year. Boots grew market share for the ninth consecutive quarter with gains across all categories. We successfully launched Future Renew, a range of innovative new skincare with very positive consumer response. This product line was recently launched in Walgreens. Boots.com sales grew 25% year-on-year, and have more than doubled versus the equivalent pre-COVID quarter. Over 14% of our U.K. retail sales now comes from Boots.com. Turning next to U.S. Healthcare. The U.S. Healthcare business continues to rapidly scale with sales reaching $2 billion more than doubling from the prior year, pro forma sales growth was 22%. VillageMD sales were $1.5 billion, up 22% on a pro forma basis. Legacy VillageMD growth was driven by expansion of the clinic footprint, with an additional 93 clinics opened in the past year and the ongoing maturation of existing clinics. Summit Health was, however, impacted by a weaker respiratory season that led to fewer CityMD visits and fewer referrals across the Summit Health Network. Shields delivered another strong quarter, up 35% and driven by contract wins, including the addition of six new health system partners and further expansion of existing partnerships. CareCentrix sales were approximately $360 million with pro forma sales growth of 15%. Adjusted EBITDA reflects weaker-than-expected results at VillageMD and Summit Health, partly offset by continued growth at Shields. CityMD has been impacted by lower visit volume, whereas the VillageMD EBITDA loss reflects new clinic expansions. We anticipate improvement in the fourth quarter as we build patient [tunnels] (ph) and traffic and align the cost profile with sales. Let's now look at some of the key metrics for the U.S. Healthcare Business. VillageMD managed 850,000 value based lives at quarter end, reflecting year-over-year growth of approximately 27% in the legacy VillageMD business and the addition of 309,000 value based lives from Summit. Total value based lives include 179,000 full risk lives. Our clinical trials business continues to expand with eight contracts signed and a robust pipeline. Turning next to cash flow. We generated $1.2 billion of operating cash flow, with free cash flow of $116 million. The year-over-year decline reflected lower earnings due to COVID-19, a lower contribution from working capital and increased capital expenditures related to growth initiatives. Looking ahead, we are reprioritizing capital projects to reduce plan spend and are rolling out of comprehensive set of working capital optimization initiatives to enhance our cash generation. Turning now to guidance. We are updating our full-year 23 adjusted EPS guidance $4.00 to $4.05, a constant currency decline of around 20%. Excluding the impact of COVID-19 and ForEx core adjusted EPS is flat to up 1%. The EPS contribution from COVID-19 is $0.23 lower than our original assumptions at the start of the year. At the beginning of the fiscal year, we expected 16 million vaccinations. And despite the spring booster recommendation, we have reduced our full-year expectations to 12.5 million vaccinations. COVID testing has decelerated at an even faster pace. Additionally, we have incorporated the impacts of a more cautious consumer outlook, leading to a $0.20 to $0.25 impact as we realign our fourth quarter sales and margin goals to reflect recent trends. Finally, while reducing our ownership stake in AmerisourceBergen has improved our debt position. It has, however, led to a $0.05 headwind. Let me now walk you through our assumptions for each of our business segments. Starting with U.S. Retail Pharmacy, we now project sales of around $110 billion, up low-single-digits year-on-year. AOI is projected at $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion, a decline of 22% to 24%, reflecting a 23 percentage point headwind from COVID-19 and 3 percentage points from our reduced ownership stake in AmerisourceBergen. Excluding these two impacts, AOI growth is up 2% to 4%. Turning next to the International segment, which is performing well this year. Sales are projected to grow 6% to 8% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong execution, especially in the U.K. Adjusted operating income of around $900 million, represents constant currency growth of approximately 30%. This performance is towards the top end of our original expectations. Our revised outlook for U.S. Healthcare reflects lower visits at CityMD, the continued ramp up of new VillageMD sites and the slower integration of prior acquisitions into Summit's multi-specialty business. We expect sales of $6.3 billion to $6.8 billion, an increase of $4.8 billion versus prior year and growing approximately 25% on a pro form a basis. We are projecting an adjusted EBITDA loss of $340 million to $380 million, including the factors I mentioned earlier. While the profit performance so far this year has been below plan, rapid correction actions are underway, and we expect to drive sequential adjusted EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter and beyond. Turning now to our corporate assumptions, our full-year tax rate is now expected to be around 12% and this basically reflects the favorability we have seen so far in fiscal 23, with some of the benefits reversing in the fourth quarter. More specifically, we expect the fourth quarter tax rate of around 23%. Full-year guidance of $4.00 to $4.05 implies fourth quarter EPS of approximately $0.70 to $0.75. The result is weighed down by a much higher average tax rate and the fourth quarter typically is the lowest to extrapolate the quarter. As such it would be incorrect to extrapolate the quarter as a proxy for 2024. First, normalizing for the tax rate would result in an additional $0.08 in the quarter. Second, seasonality impacts all of our businesses. Looking back over the past five years, and excluding the impact from COVID-19 and ABC, approximately 20% of our adjusted operating income comes in the fourth quarter. To conclude, adjusting the fourth quarter for tax rate, an accounting for seasonality would result in annual adjusted EPS of around $4 per share. Next, I would like to cover the key factors that will influence 2024 performance. Overall, we expect the long-term tailwinds to outweigh the near-term pressures. Some of the challenges we faced in fiscal 23 are expected to continue into 24. We do expect to see some continued weakness in consumer spending, together with moderate increases in labor costs. While reimbursement pressure has eased somewhat over the past 18 months, it is not going away and we will continue to identify way to offset the pressure. In addition we expect lower sale and leaseback activity in fiscal 24, and the tax rate will be higher as we lap a very favorable fiscal 23 performance and higher statutory tax rates are introduced in both the U.K. and Switzerland. However, we have multiple profit drivers and initiatives that will drive sustainable profit growth Our U.S. Healthcare business will be a significant profit driver, including the first full-year of Summit Health, a maturing VillageMD clinic profile and strong actions to accelerate their path to profitability. We expect continued script volume growth and strong contribution from front of store initiatives. These include own brand penetration gains and the further expansion of our successful category performance improvement program. Lastly, the transformational cost management program will deliver at least $800 million of savings next year. Next, let's take a deeper look into 2024. We expect fiscal 2024 adjusted operating income to grow low-to-mid-single-digits, led by the U.S. Healthcare segment and solid execution in U.S. Retail Pharmacy. We are expecting U.S. Healthcare to be the largest driver of total company AOI growth, as the business is rapidly gaining scale, and we will now accelerate the path to profitability. John Driscoll will provide much more color on the immediate actions we are taking to accelerate EBITDA delivery. We expect U.S. Retail Pharmacy AOI to be flat to down slightly, due to lower COVID contributions of approximately $290 million and a $260 million step down in sale and leaseback gains. Absent these items, we anticipate solid core growth led by transformational cost management program savings and expanding gross profit. Finally, we expect international AOI to decline year-on-year as we lap sizable real estate gains and lose the relatively small AOI contribution from the sale of our business in Chile. Core profit growth will be flat as the business manages through high levels of cost and labor inflation. That being said, our International business is well positioned for long-term success with market share gains and an advantaged and growing e-commerce presence. We do expect AOI growth to outpace EPS, due to a higher tax rate and non-controlling interest. Next, we'll look at U.S. Pharmacy in more detail. Excluding COVID, we expect to grow pharmacy gross profit. Underpinning the growth is our differentiated tech enabled operating model, which frees up capacity for pharmacists to spend more time on clinical programs and supporting our expanding pharmacy service offerings. We are projecting solid script growth benefiting from improved operating hours, increased access to lives and growth in specialty. We are integrating AllianceRx community-based specialty pharmacies and Shields under a new go-to-market strategy with a payer agnostic provider-centric approach. In addition, we have launched multiple programs across our pharmacy and U.S. healthcare business and continue to see engagement from payers and partners for clinical quality initiatives that leverage our integrated assets. Moving now to our U.S. Retail business. Gross profit growth will be driven by low-single-digit comp growth and continued margin improvement. We are creating significant value through category performance management, where assortment decisions should deliver at least $200 million of savings in fiscal 2024. We are accelerating our own brand penetration through innovation and increased points of distribution and display, our own brands have margins that are significantly higher than national brands. We are creating more value for consumers as we scale our e-commerce platform and evolve our store formats, including a new digital forward store concept and a health and wellness focused store with favorable early feedback on both concepts. Let me now hand it over to John to discuss our U.S. Healthcare strategy and profit growth drivers.
John Driscoll: Good morning. As Roz and James outlined, while we're confident in the range and scale of our healthcare business, we are disappointed with the pace of our path to profitability. U.S. Healthcare missed targets due to VillageMD and CityMD underperformance. Directly related to reduce COVID, cold and flu season and softer market demand. We're taking immediate actions to drive improved profitability. We anticipate this year will remain a transition year as we take action to deliver value and drive profitability. We're rightsizing our cost structure, through optimizing overhead and revenue synergies to better match market demand. We're raising and accelerating synergy capture goals. We believe that we can enhance Village growth and value by focusing on gaining density in existing markets to accelerate VillageMD's path to profitability and supporting the integration of our digital assets with our VillageMD platform, and we continue to enhance our Village management team. We've recruited Rich Rubino, a seasoned healthcare CFO, to be the Chief Financial Officer of the combined VillageMD Summit Business. Longer term, we're implementing a high impact three-year plan to improve performance through an intense focus on operational excellence and cost optimization. Achieving our healthcare vision depends on each of our companies, delivering on their respective plans, and relentless execution of harvesting growth synergies across the Walgreens portfolio. We're building a differentiated value-based care delivery model that successfully integrates pharmacy and medical care for a value-based care market that will more than double by 2027. Walgreens has a unique right to win, with our reach, consumer engagement, and enterprise investments in primary care, specialty, and care to the home. We continue to see the enhanced value of our individual healthcare assets connected to our core Walgreens pharmacy to create value for patients, providers, and plans. A great example of that is our quickly scaling clinical trials recruiting business. Next, let me turn to Summit Health, where we see opportunity to drive meaningful AOI in U.S. Healthcare. While we are obviously disappointed with the pace of unlocking the full value of Summit and CityMD, we expect Summit to contribute materially to profit growth in fiscal year 24. Leveraging WBA, we will invest in targeted marketing campaigns to increase the patient base at CityMD sites. Our continued focus on operational excellence and cost optimization should continue to improve growth and synergies from prior acquisitions. Finally, we are raising and accelerating the synergy capture goal from $150 million in 2027 to $200 million in calendar year 2026. Turning to VillageMD. Over the last few months, we've slowed the pace of clinic openings in new markets. As we've studied their performance, we have refocused our growth plans to leverage regional density to support more profitable growth. To achieve our strategic objectives of better engagement and lower cost of care in a more cost effective manner, we are launching new virtual and asset light models. We've expanded our marketing efforts to support patient panel growth in our clinics and are working with new leadership to accelerate cost control. We continue to be impressed by the performance of our more mature VillageMD markets risk performance and are focused on continuing to accelerate the conversion of our fee for service lives to our proven risk based model. VillageMD is a high quality care delivery model. As James mentioned, most of our newer VillageMD clinics are at an early stage of development. But if we focus on the performance of our more mature Medicare Advantage markets, where we have achieved an appropriate level of market density, including Arizona, Georgia, and Houston, VillageMD has demonstrated the ability to bend the cost curve. We will focus on replicating this performance in other markets, as we convert fee for service volume to our risk based model. And we will also leverage our integrated care models with pharmacy and our other healthcare assets across the U.S. healthcare business. As part of our refocused U.S. healthcare approach, we aligned our go-to-market products for health systems and health plans under one team of seasoned healthcare executives with some encouraging short-term sales results noted on the slide. In summary, Walgreens remains the independent partner of choice for health plans and health systems through the combination of our legacy pharmacy platform with our portfolio of health assets. Our portfolio consistently delivers better outcomes at lower costs for plans, systems, and patients, which we believe is well suited to meet the demands of a healthcare market that is quickly moving from fee for service to fee for value. While there is clearly work to be done, we now have the leadership, plans, an organizational structure in place to rapidly advance our priorities. Now let me turn it back over to James.
James Kehoe: Thanks, John. Capital allocation priorities remain focused on core business investments, debt pay down, and our dividend. We will continue to pursue disciplined returns-based organic investment in our core business. And we are simplifying our portfolio to unlock value and provide financial flexibility. We are very committed to maintaining our investment grade rating and our dividend. Now, let's take a quick look at the transformational cost management program. We are raising the cumulative 2024 savings target $4.1 billion and this is the sixth target increase since the program began. With $3.3 billion saved by the end of this year, we are projecting at least $800 million of savings in 24. Let me talk to a couple of the cost saving initiatives. We just completed an organization restructuring, which included transforming our headquarters to better align our resources with our strategic priorities. This led to the elimination of more than 500 roles, representing around 10% of our corporate and U.S. support office workforce. Our pharmacy of the future operating model will drive significant savings we're optimizing the model through our micro fulfillment centers, tech enabled centralization of in-store activities and telepharmacy solutions. These initiatives will also elevate the role of the pharmacists and improve patient engagement. Finally, we will continue to optimize our locations and opening hours and expect to close an additional 300 locations in the U.K. and 150 locations in the U.S. As you have seen, we are accelerating our portfolio optimization to further simplify the business, we have fully exited from our Option Care Health position with overall proceeds of $1.2 billion since August 2022. Let me also highlight our recent monetization of AmerisourceBergen shares using a variable prepaid forward structure. Under the VPF approach, there is no EPS dilution until the contracts mature. We continue to receive dividends and we retain some share price upside. Please note that the remaining stake in AmerisourceBergen is worth approximately $5 billion. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing comments.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, James. Before we kick off Q&A, let me sum up what you've heard. WBA has the right to win through our differentiated model and we have the right strategy in place. We are now entering the next phase of our healthcare transformation with aggressive actions in motion to improve profitability. We are addressing current challenges head on and moving at a pace to deliver long-term shareholder value. We have the scale. We have the skills. We have the sense of urgency. And we have the right plans to drive sustainable profit growth ahead. Now I'd like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much, and thanks for all the detail. But the first area I just want to focus on is around your U.S. Healthcare Business, there's substantial growth as we think about going both into the fourth quarter and then into next year. John commented on the miss by both VillageMD and CityMD around performance, but also talked about utilization. We've heard on the opposite end where manage care is talking about utilization from a negative side. So can you help me to square that? One, when we think about VillageMD and we think about you know, your Medicare Advantage lives and what you're seeing for utilization there? Is that a current headwind? And then, secondly, when you think about things like CityMD that's not seeing respiratory or COVID visits, what do you think are the opportunities there? And is that part of the synergy pull forward that you're talking about for the $200 million as we think about 2026?
John Driscoll: Thanks, Lisa. You know, I think it's utilization is actually, sort of, a mixed blessing for us. We're seeing consistently solid performance in terms of bending the cost curve at Village. I think that positions us better and better as a managed care partner. We were hit with the CityMD utilization, I think that there we're at the early stages of harvesting the embedded profitability of Summit and City, and the City hit on utilization in this quarter also hit our lab and ancillary business a bit. But we think that there's an opportunity on both the value-based side to integrate some of the lessons from Village at Summit and City, because both of them have very high NPS. They are demonstrating the ability to reduce cost over time. And as we get at some of the cost synergies, I think you're going to see a significant improvement, I mean, we are expecting a quarter-over-quarter improvement in healthcare EBITDA of 70% looking at Q4. So I think we've got opportunities on the cost side, but also on the value side to optimize our model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. James, I guess, a couple targeted at you with OCF running below the dividend through three quarters. And there's lots of moving pieces that OP not expected to grow meaningfully next year. And then we know there's the cash flow ABC. I guess, so can you talk A, how the company is thinking about the dividend? And B, as it relates to Rx reimbursement pressure, I guess, can you talk about what the early expectations are for calendar 24? And are we expecting, kind of, the leg down in pharmacy reimbursement pressure to look like prior years? Thank you.
James Kehoe: Okay. Let me cover dividend first, and just -- I want to emphasize in 24, we are giving commentary that operating income will grow low-to-mid-single-digit. And we clearly have a lot of work to do on cash flow. And first one is EBITDA, so we see strong growth next year. And the second one is we're building out incremental working capital programs and we're significantly curtailing our capital expenditures. So I want to make it crystal clear, we are absolutely committed to the dividend, absolutely committed, both to the dividend and to our investment grade rating. And I would point out we did highlight specifically in the prepared comments that our stake in ABC is still worth $5 billion. So we -- while we're going through the short-term transformation, we do have plenty of firepower going forward. Bear in mind, as you look at our numbers on cash flow, we're investing approximately $1 billion of free cash flow in healthcare this year. And as we move forward into the future and it starts breaking even on an EBITDA basis, that $1 billion quickly becomes a cash flow generation tool. But we are getting into incremental and much more aggressive actions on capital and working capital in the short-term. Your second question then was on calendar 24. The reimbursement. Okay, sorry about that. Reimbursement as looking back over the last 18-months, the environment has been much more positive. I would say that we did comment and we've actually comment similar to that we said that this year, the current fiscal year is an 85%. This was a 15% step down on the previous year. So that is the net reimbursement pressure on the P&L has improved. We actually don't want to give too much comments on future negotiations, but we see much more productive discussions with payers and providers in general, because we're bringing more value to the table, our ability to do medical adherence and other such activities and improve outcomes for payers has improved significantly over the last two years, and it's starting to be more recognized in productive discussions. Maybe I'll ask Rick Gates, our Head of Pharmacy to make some comments -- further comments.
Rick Gates: Yes. You know, obviously, we're in the middle of negotiations, so we can't comment a lot going into 24 at this moment through Medicare Part D and through commercial contracts which are going on currently and into Q4. But, you know, just to reemphasize what James is saying, you know, we're generally in line with expectations on reimbursement this year. We're benefiting from conversations across U.S. Healthcare and Pharmacy as they're looking at us as a holistic solution, within the healthcare ecosystem. And we're continuously working on offsets for reimbursement pressure that we're seeing through improved procurements, increased prescriptions, obviously, are important, ancillary services, but then also reducing cost to fill. And I just want to reemphasize the other point that James said is that we are over performing or performing better in paper performance based contracts, which are obviously part of the reimbursement we get back as well. So I can't comment on 24, but we are in line with expectations for 23 at this moment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So given healthcare is the main driver of growth next year. What do you think is the biggest risk embedded within that guidance? And then secondly, you commented in your prepared remarks that scripts will lower-than-expectations. Can you just decide for what is driven by maybe market weakness versus market share weakness versus maybe pharmacy hours not coming back to what your -- what were in your expectations? Thanks.
Roz Brewer: Ann, thanks for that. question. I'm going to ask John to hit the first piece on healthcare, and then Rick and I will talk to you about the scripts business.
John Driscoll: Yes. Ann, I am really encouraged by the core growth across the portfolio. We've laid out exactly where the challenge is, which is in cost and profit opportunity. And we are laser focused on executing to unlocking that value. So look for us, as I mentioned in the earlier answer, to continue to unlock the embedded profitability of that part of the business. We see positive signs from all of the buyers. It's our responsibility to grow, but also to grow and focus on profitable growth. And we will continue to, kind of, dig in there. And I'm confident that you will see consistent improved performance on that over time.
Roz Brewer: So, Ann, let me start off first, just give you a little bit detail on where we are in our store performance. So at the end of the quarter, we had 1,600 locations on reduced operating hours. And we've recently optimized those hours in about 500 stores, bringing our current stores on reduced operating hours to roughly 1,100. We're continuing to see improvements in pharmacy staffing, resulting in almost 1,100 new pharmacists hired in the quarter. And then to the extent that the incremental pharmacists are hired in our most challenged market, we've been returning stores to their regular full operating hours. One of the things that we're seeing is that the initial incentives work. We're at the point now where we're seeing the limitation of available pharmacists. And so, Rick, can you go into a little bit more detail on the actual script improvement?
Rick Gates: Yes. And I think Ann you're trying to get at the 3% growth that we're talking about through fiscal year 23. You know, I think we've always walked through those, kind of four key drivers to that script, kind of, growth for us. One is market growth, and I think what we've seen in Q3 is that we've seen a slowing of aggregate market growth from Q2 to Q3, which is impacting obviously a big part of our underlying performance, its there. Roz talked about store hours returning their normal hours, which are lagging a little bit the pace that we had set given what Roz had talked through. But we are seeing some positives as well. The market access that we've contracted coming into this year is flowing through in a very positive way. We continue to have good conversations heading into next year. The adherence and care programs, we are seeing year-over-year growth. They are stagnated a little bit given some of the store hour operation impacts, but we are seeing positive growth year-over-year when you look at access and adherence as well. So although 3% is down from where we earlier guided to, I think, the two things that are most impacting it are market growth, which has slowed quarter-over-quarter and the store hours returning to normal.
James Kehoe: And then Ann maybe I could add. We actually believe there'll be significant core growth in the U.S. business next year, as well because we'll be absorbing a year-on-year non-operating headwind from lower sale and leaseback. And then on addition, we mentioned a $290 million headwind on COVID. And maybe go back to the tailwinds and headwinds chart. We have a couple of items, you mentioned correctly, U.S. Healthcare. There's a couple more transformational cost management program is at least 800 million of savings, and we've basically identified those savings already. Two on the front of store business, we have $200 million on of CPI, and that's essentially more cost optimization and margin improvement. And then we have synergies in the U.S. healthcare business. So our cost optimization and savings next year, as well in excess of $1 billion. So it's much more controllable and already defined. Now some of that will be eaten up by wages and inflation plus reimbursement pressure, but we're well advanced on savings that are controllable savings of over $1 billion and a lot of that is in the U.S. business. We basically give some examples of cost reduction, just the headquarter restructuring. This was done on the corporate head office, and it was done on the U.S. support office. And those 500 reductions were done in the space of about four months, and the savings are in excess of a $100 million. So we're moving at pace to address the challenges and really going after the cost envelope.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. So maybe, James, to stay on that thread. I understand the increase in cost savings targets. It's something I know the company's been really focused on. When you look at that, you look at still what you have from a sale leaseback contribution, an ABC contribution. What does that mean for what the core underlying earnings of this business should be? And how does that factor into where underlying growth should continue versus your previously assume multi-year targets? I know we're not getting into more specific guidance on 24, but you do have the long-term targets already out there. So how does -- what you're doing now and especially how the core is growing factor into achieving those previously reported targets?
James Kehoe: Yes. And maybe I'll take it from another direction. And if we look forward to the fourth quarter, we've got a bunch of headwinds in the fourth quarter, and you could actually call out COVID, which is probably 20 points of a headwind and sale and leaseback another 20. So the guide we're basically giving is a slight decline in EPS, but the core growth is more like 30%, 40% growth in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing that the flywheel is working. You know, we've had some pressure on margins in the short-term in retail, but the flywheel is starting to perform. Then the second data point is we give -- as we discuss low-to-mid-single-digit operating income growth over the entire course of next year, absorbing sale and leaseback, and absorbing COVID, and any other headwinds that are on the horizon. So if you subtract out those two, the low-to-mid-single-digit is more like a low-teens growth in adjusted operating income. So where we see the flywheel coming back and coming back quickly. If you project that forward, you're right, the sale and leaseback gains run out in 24. So it is the last year. But by then, the improved profit prospects on the healthcare business, plus the flywheel working in the U.S. business more consistently should get us to those previous targets of low-single-digit. Now we're not guiding to that. We're not confirming guidance, but we see that the core earnings power is successively improving every quarter. And I think people will be very positively surprised by the quality of earnings particularly in the fourth quarter of this year and then going into next year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lucas Romanski from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Lucas Romanski: Hi. This is Lucas on for Charles. I wanted to ask about the U.S. Healthcare Business and your appetite for taking on risk there. Last October, you talked about adding health plan partnerships and how the platform would enable you to take on risk eventually? Now you have four health plan partnerships and you've been able to show the ability to lower MLR from high-80s to low mid-70s in some regions. What are you guys seeing in terms of appetites from health plans in the market now that you have the bulk of your healthcare delivery assets in place? And then two, how are you thinking about increasing your exposure to risk over time and if you see that as a path to driving earnings growth for the U.S. Healthcare segment moving forward?
John Driscoll: Lucas, thanks for the question, its John. We are seeing a remarkably robust appetite for risk of two different sorts, one, is the per member per month, capitated risk, and your -- on the MA population, but whether it is performance risk on closing gaps in care or performance opportunities to earn and enhance the delivery of our specialty pharmacy business with the Shields. There is a consistent interest in products and services that in total, lower the cost of care and improve outcomes. And we are very encouraged by the demand across every constituency for every product we've got, whether it's health corners, VillageMD, City, or Shields or CareCentrix, that the opportunity that the track record of performance around delivering on lower cost of care, while keeping up a high NPS on the part of the patients and providers. And delivering those results will allow us to honestly deliver a portfolio of risk based and performance based products that I think are going to be -- are going to build on, you know, our notion of being the independent partner of choice for health plans and health systems. So I think we will -- you'll see more and more news about that, and that's part of unlocking the embedded profitability of the assets we own.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks, let me quickly -- I know it's been missed a couple times the goal for working capital optimization. Can you -- maybe expand a little bit more on what you think over time the incremental cash flow opportunity might be there? And then as you talk about prioritizing debt pay down, what is -- can you give us any updated thoughts on how far you need to -- you feel like you need to go on debt pay down, maybe a leverage target, any comments on either of those?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think on working capital, if you look back over, let's say, a five-year period, we've probably reduced working capital by $2.5 billion. It's not as if we haven't done it, but we're setting on fairly high levels of inventory. We've run a front of store above 90-days, which is on the high side. And the second part on pharmacy, we're above 30-days, and both of those for me personally are quite high. We've put in place big initiatives to address those. One is the micro fulfillment centers, which effectively will take a fair amount of inventory out of the 8,800 stores as we centralize into less than 20 centers. When we put together the program, that was identified at almost $1 billion of working capital opportunity, we've probably captured 40% of that. And, you know, I just want to emphasize, this is a multi-year program we're running, but it's hundreds and hundreds of millions every year on working capital optimization driven by micro fulfillment centers, we have new forecasting systems going in. We're putting in a new inventory management system and perpetual inventory for pharmacy for the first time, and that's rolling out even as we speak. So we have huge initiatives rolling out that will really drive benefits next year. On that, we're targeting investment grade rating. We're not within our metrics right now. The target with Moody's is I think it's 475. And we have worked to do to both improve our operating cash flow, which we just talked about. And then secondly, targeted pay down of debt to get within the metrics, and we expect to do so -- confidently expect to do so during the course of fiscal 24.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you could talk through how you're thinking about the potential impact of 340b, maybe both on the core U.S. Pharmacy Business and sort of what the potential impact could be there, but then also if you could temporarily talk about how you're thinking about the potential opportunity in fiscal 24 from Shield in that business? Thanks.
Rick Gates: Yes. This is Rick, and I'll start and see if John wants to add -- join me here. But, you know, as you look at 340b, we are very comfortable with our prior guidance and do expect 340b to actually be a slight up in production year-over-year in fiscal 23. Current assumptions still taking into the account latest manufacturer actions and restrictions. I think there's three things to think about as we look at Q4 is that we do know, obviously, in headline of site since October and the continued developments and restrictions and litigation that can negatively impact the business itself. However, we are working with covered entities, who are starting to share data back in a more proactive way, which is opening up their impact to continue to get 340b value back to the government entities. And third, we continue to work very proactively in the marketplace with covered entities that are still very active and signed up for us as a contract pharmacy. So we do think that we can offset some of the headwinds as we're looking at it, but do still see a good line of sight into what we projected for this year, which is about slight growth. And John, I don't know if you want to add?
John Driscoll: You know, I think the Shields is actually turns out to be an advantage position, because it's not in the contract pharmacy business. It's really a specialty pharmacy services business for hospital based 340b-related specialty pharmacies. And we continued to see strong demand and the sustainability of those contracts. And so we're highly confident that Shields is actually in a great position, because of the just core growth of specialty pharmacy drugs and the need for hospitals to partner with a services platform that delivers a best-in-class adherence and integrates really well with hospitals that are needing to manage those high need chronic patients.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. It's been difficult to piece together the U.S. Healthcare ramp from what was $350 million loss to significant profit next year. Now looking at $600 million to $650 million, can you tell us net of the actions you're taking? How does fiscal year 24 look relative to the outlook six months ago when you closed? And then any insight on the contributions which businesses and how they're coming together for the fiscal year 24 outlook?
James Kehoe: Yes. Eric, yes, the base here, so what we're looking at here was the base here has come in about 300 light versus the original expectations set six months ago, and we've talked extensively about Summit and the -- and some slowness at building patient panels at Village. And we have a series of actions to go address that. I think the best way you could model this out is versus the original goals. The year-on-year change we believe is absolutely intact. So you might want to think of it this way. We're probably six to 12 months behind, but it will be in 2024. It's unlikely we'll recover the 300 loss in the base here. But the build year-on-year is in fact and probably we would do slightly more. John, is that a fair one?
John Driscoll: I think that's the right way to look at it. I think, Eric, you should expect that we will, you know, we laid out that Q4 target of a 70% improvement over Q3 we're not prepared right now to give extensive 24 guidance. And I think we'd probably be a low to give sub-segment, segment guidance, because I think that would even be more confusing. But we are seeing, as I said, the revenue ramp and the demand in each of our markets for each of our companies. And we have taken and are taking swift action to unlock the embedded profitability. And a lot of that is a line of sight. So on cost synergies, integration opportunities with solid demand. So I think you'll -- we'll be comfortable giving you more guidance, I think, in Q4. But we see incremental improvement month-over-month and in each of these categories towards those targets.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to reemphasize that, Eric, I think when John says 70%, that means you take the EBITDA loss in Q3, multiply it by 30%, and that's we will deliver. So we're getting very close to EBITDA breakeven in the fourth quarter, and we have decent line of sight to positive EBITDA for the segment in the first-half of next year.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Roz Brewer for some final closing remarks.
Roz Brewer: Listen, thank you for your questions this morning on the next phase of our healthcare transformation, the evolution of our pharmacy retail business, and also our capital allocation priorities. You know, I hope you heard from us, we have a strong commitment to move swiftly to address our challenges head on and better executing on our priorities and moving at a faster pace to deliver the value to our employees, our shareholders, and our local communities, that's important to us. The next phase of our healthcare transformation requires aggressive actions, and these actions are already in motion and they're focused on improving our profitability against our quality assets. And I want to reinforce that, that we're really committed. We feel good and strong about our investments we've made so far. So we're focused on turning the inherent growth of our assets into profitable growth, where we have embedded profitability in our portfolio already. So we have the scale and the skills, and the next phase for us is to operate with urgency [Technical Difficulty] right plans and drive the growth ahead. So thank you for your time today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-03-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; and James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer. Rick Gates, Senior Vice President and Chief Pharmacy Officer at Walgreens; and John Driscoll, President of U.S. Healthcare, will participate in Q&A. Today's call will be approximately one hour in length, including Q&A. Let me note that all references to the COVID-19 headwind include U.S. vaccines, drive-through tests and OTC tests. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides in the press release also contain further information about the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss during this call. I'll now turn the call over to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer : Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. WBA has delivered a solid second quarter. Overall, results were in line with our expectations as the slow start earlier in the quarter was offset by strong acceleration in February. The overall decline in adjusted EPS was against growth of 26.5% last year and again reflects the anticipated headwind from lower COVID demand and our investments in labor and the U.S. Healthcare segment. This is our final quarter of lapping last year's peak COVID contributions, and we are looking forward to accelerated growth ahead. Second quarter sales grew 4.5% in constant currency. U.S. script volume growth exceeded guidance and our resilient retail business is successfully lapping record prior year performances. This was also a landmark quarter for our transformation to healthcare. We invested $3.5 billion to support VillageMD's acquisition of Summit Health, creating one of the leading independent provider groups in the country. At the same time, we are taking decisive action to unlock value and strengthen the company by simplifying the portfolio. Our strategy is working. We are performing against our plans, and we will be relentless in driving continued progress ahead. We are maintaining our full year guidance for adjusted EPS of $4.45 to $4.65 with good visibility into the key drivers of robust and accelerated growth in the second half. Importantly, the inflection is here. We are clearly pivoting to strong projected EPS growth in the mid-20s in the second half. I am very confident in our future, enabled by our execution and the bold investments we are making today. We are making progress against each of our four strategic priorities. Let's start with the core business. U.S. Pharmacy comp scripts grew 3.5%, excluding immunization, exceeding our guidance of 3% growth and improving from 2.1% last quarter. Through our focused investments, we have returned an incremental 500 stores to normal pharmacy operating hours. Our market share trends are improving, and we saw 6% growth in stores with normal hours. While we have more work ahead of us to achieve our full year script recapture goals, I'm very encouraged by our momentum with strong acceleration into January and February. Our pharmacist team is supported by our nine micro-fulfillment centers, which allow our pharmacists more time to focus on patient care and clinical services, expanding on the critical role they already provide in communities. In Retail, U.S. comp sales, excluding tobacco, declined slightly. A very solid performance against the 15.7% growth we delivered last year. We achieved mid-single-digit growth after backing out the COVID OTC test headwind from last year's Omicron surge. The convenience and real value that Walgreens offers is resonating with consumers in a challenging environment. In fact, our comp accelerated to high single digits in February, while we also drove another quarter of margin expansion. In our International segment, Boots had a stellar quarter with retail comp growth of 16% on top of 22% last year. The business achieved its eighth consecutive quarter of retail market share gains. Now turning to our second strategic priority. We are accelerating the build-out of our healthcare growth engine. The addition of Summit Health is transformational. It creates one of the largest integrated provider platforms in the U.S., delivering quality affordable care for all patient populations regardless of insurance or payer type. This highly strategic transaction expands VillageMD's addressable market with primary care, multi-specialty and urgent care and reinforces our approach across the entire care continuum. Summit will accelerate the U.S. Healthcare segment to scale and profit. We see meaningful synergy potential over time with integration activities already begun. We have also added our fourth payer partner for the organic business, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey and now have signed 5 clinical trials contracts. Shields Health Solutions and CareCentrix both continue to perform well, which led to the accelerated acquisition of both entities. Shields closed on December 28, and CareCentrix is scheduled to close this quarter. On a combined basis, our best-in-class assets drove pro forma sales growth of 30% in the quarter. Investments in this growth are funded through actions we continue to take to better align our portfolio and streamline the business. We've unlocked meaningful value fiscal year-to-date with over $3.6 billion in after-tax proceeds. Our Retail Pharmacy business provides a solid foundation for our leading healthcare assets to deliver value across the full care continuum driving our long-term growth strategy. We are able to reach across both digital and physical channels to guide consumers through the complexities in healthcare. We are building the scale and resources to help health plans and patients improve outcomes and lower costs and only Walgreens can do. There are significant opportunities for synergies, allowing us to pursue value-based care and risk arrangements, which will demonstrate the importance of an integrated approach. We are focused on expanding our risk business, supporting integrated care models, broadening our pharmacy value proposition and driving operational efficiencies. The combination of our best-in-class healthcare assets, a physical presence through our pharmacy footprint, our trusted brand and a scale digital offering creates a platform that is unmatched in the industry. Walgreens will increasingly be viewed as a partner of choice. We are uniquely positioned to engage consumers to manage their individual health and wellness whenever and wherever they need. With that, I'll hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. In summary, we delivered a strong performance in the quarter. While we saw some favorable phasing, core operating performance was mostly in line with our internal expectations. Second quarter adjusted EPS of $1.16 declined by 25.8% on a constant currency basis, and this was entirely due to a 26% headwind from COVID-19 vaccinations and testing. Strong retail performance in both the U.S. and International and sequential improvement in U.S. comp scripts more than offset 10 percentage points of headwinds from payroll investments in the U.S. and expansion of our healthcare business. Gains from a planned cash mobilization in Germany and sale and leaseback net gains in the U.S. contributed approximately $0.12 to adjusted EPS growth. However, this was entirely offset by reduced ownership of our AmerisourceBergen of $0.05, prior year COVID-related onetime benefits in the UK of $0.03 and currency impacts and investment write-offs of $0.04. Despite a slow start to the quarter, we delivered 4.5% sales growth on a constant currency basis with strong momentum exiting the quarter. February saw core sales growth up high single digits, more than offsetting weather-related challenges in December and a noticeable slowdown in respiratory virus cases in January. Comparable sales in U.S. Retail Pharmacy were up 3.1%, despite lapping a very strong prior year comp of 9.5%. Comp script growth of 3.5% exceeded our guidance of 3%. The International sales advanced 9% led by the UK Retail business, which delivered a 16% comp. And our U.S. Healthcare business continues to rapidly scale with sales exceeding $1.6 billion in the quarter and growing 30% on a pro forma basis. So in summary, we had a solid quarter. And based on the in-line performance, we are maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.45 to $4.65. Let's now look at the results in more detail. Adjusted operating income declined 25% on a constant currency basis and this was entirely due to a much lower contribution from COVID-19 vaccinations and testing, which led to a headwind of 28%. Labor investments in pharmacy and minimum wage were a 9 percentage point headwind, whereas the expansion of the U.S. Healthcare segment was an impact of 5 percentage points. The labor and healthcare headwinds were offset by strong performance across U.S. Retail and International. Excluding COVID-19 OTC test kits, U.S. Retail contributed 12 percentage points of growth and continued strength in International contributed 9 percentage points. Adjusted EPS was $1.16, a constant currency decline of 25.8%, entirely due to a much lower contribution from COVID-19. GAAP net earnings were $703 million, a decline of 20% versus prior year. The current quarter included a $454 million after-tax gain from the sale of ABC shares and a $266 million after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits. Now let's move to the year-to-date highlights. Year-to-date sales increased 2.8% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS was down 28% on a constant currency basis, mostly due to a much lower contribution from COVID-19 with an adverse impact of approximately 22%. GAAP earnings were a loss of $3 billion compared to net earnings of $4.5 billion in 2022. The year-to-date period included a $5.4 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related claims and lawsuits partly offset by a $1.4 billion after-tax gain on the sale of ABC shares. Additionally, we are comparing to a prior year period that included a $2.5 billion after-tax gain on the company's investments in VillageMD and Shields. Now let's move to the U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. Sales declined slightly in the quarter, reflecting a 3% drag from lower COVID-19 contributions and a 2.5% headwind from AllianceRx. The good news is that AllianceRx has now cycled through its contract losses and the COVID-19 headwind will lessen in subsequent quarters. Comp sales increased 3.1% and this comes on top of a very strong prior year comp of 9.5%. Adjusted operating income declined 32.8% year-on-year, broadly in line with our expectations. This was entirely due to a 29% decline from lower COVID-19 contribution and 10% from planned labor investments. Ongoing reimbursement pressure was offset by retail gross profit growth and SG&A savings. We continue to expect AOI growth to accelerate in the second half, due to a lower COVID-19 headwind, less reimbursement pressure, favorable cost of goods sold timing and script recapture initiatives gaining traction. Let me now turn to U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy sales increased 0.3% despite a 3 percentage point headwind from AllianceRx and 2 percentage points from lower COVID-19 contributions. Comp pharmacy sales were up 4.9%, lapping a 7.3% comp last year. Comp scripts were up 0.2%. We administered 2.4 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the second quarter, down a significant 80% versus prior year and about 600,000 COVID-19 PCR tests, down over 90%. Excluding immunizations, comp scripts grew 3.5%, exceeding our forecast of 3%. We are encouraged by the 140 basis point sequential improvement, driven in part by ongoing script recapture initiatives, including the return of an incremental 500 stores to normal operating hours. As expected, adjusted gross profit and margin declined due to the lower contribution from COVID-19 vaccinations and testing and ongoing reimbursement pressure net of procurement savings. Pharmacy reimbursement was broadly in line with our expectations and represented a lower level of pressure compared to the prior year. Looking forward, we expect year-over-year growth in the second half as the COVID headwind lessens, script comps continue to build and second half reimbursement is less of a year-on-year headwind compared to the first half of the year. Turning next to the U.S. Retail business. Overall, we were happy with the retail performance in the quarter, with good underlying sales trends and continued margin improvement. While Retail comp sales decreased 1% in the quarter, we were up against a record 14.7% comp in the prior year, which, as you will recall, included strong OTC testing volume related to the Omicron surge. Excluding tobacco, comp sales were down 0.5%. But on a two-year stack basis, comp sales advanced by more than 15%. Looking at the quarter, lower sales of at-home COVID-19 tests led to a 500 basis point headwind, and this massed strong underlying trends, led by a 13% increase in cough, cold, flu, 9% growth in beauty and a 6% increase in consumables and general merchandise. We had a slower start than expected with December weather impacts leading to weak seasonal sales and some seasonal write-downs, and we sold lessening respiratory various cases in January. However, February was very strong with high single-digit comp growth. Retail gross margin performance remained strong in the quarter, reflecting effective margin management including strategic pricing and promotional optimization and improved shrink. Looking ahead, we expect a return to positive comp trends in the second half as we will be facing a smaller headwind from COVID-19 test kits, and we have meaningful opportunities to drive AOI growth from own brands to myWalgreens loyalty program and strategic margin management. Turning next to the International segment. And as always, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. The International segment continues to perform well. Sales increased 9% with growth across all International markets. Boots UK was up 11% and Germany wholesale grew 7.5%. Adjusted operating income was $352 million, up 66% versus prior year. Adjusted operating income benefited from $110 million in real estate gains from the planned cash mobilization program in Germany. These gains were included in our guidance at the beginning of the year, but were initially assumed to be more evenly split between the first and second quarters. Offsetting this, we are lapping COVID-19-related temporary benefits in the year ago quarter of approximately $40 million. Excluding these two items, we estimate that core AOI grew by around 40%. This excellent performance was led by UK retail sales with a successful holiday trading season and strong operational execution in the Germany wholesale business. We are encouraged by our continued positive trends and looking ahead, we expect the International segment to deliver year-on-year AOI growth in the second half of 2023. Let's now look in more detail at Boots UK. Boots UK sales advanced 11%, led by continued strength in retail. Comparable pharmacy sales increased 2%, held back by lower demand for COVID-19 services. Comparable retail sales advanced 16%, which follows on from a 22% comp in the year ago quarter and benefiting from strong execution over the holiday season. Boots grew market share for the eighth consecutive quarter with gains across all categories, led by beauty up 1.8 percentage points, and consumables and general merchandise up 1.7 percentage points. Boots.com sales were up nearly 80% versus the equivalent pre-COVID period. Over 15% of our UK retail sales now come from Boots.com, up from approximately 9% in the pre-COVID quarter. Turning next to U.S. Healthcare. The U.S. Healthcare business is rapidly scaling with VillageMD's acquisition of Summit Health and strong pro forma sales growth at VillageMD, Shields and CareCentrix. U.S. Healthcare sales exceeded $1.6 billion compared to $527 million in the year ago quarter. Pro forma sales growth was 30%. VillageMD delivered sales of over $1.1 billion, advancing 30% on a pro forma basis, driven by growth at existing clinics, expansion of the clinic footprint and Summit Health growth. Excluding Summit, VillageMD grew 48% year-on-year. Shields continues to deliver with sales of $125 million and increasing 41% on a pro forma basis, driven by recent contract wins, including the addition of three new health system partners and further expansion of existing partnerships. CareCentrix sales were nearly $400 million with pro forma sales growth of 25%, driven primarily by new service offerings with existing partners. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter increased by $177 million to $269 million, primarily due to the acquisitions of CareCentrix and Summit which were not included in the prior year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $109 million compared to a loss of $62 million in the prior year. This largely reflects the increased VillageMD clinic count and higher Walgreens Health organic investments, partly offset by positive contributions from Shields and CareCentrix. Let's now look at some of the key metrics for the U.S. Healthcare business. At quarter end, the Walgreens Health organic business had 2.9 million contracted lives, up over 50% year-on-year as existing payer partners added new lines of business. As Roz mentioned, we've also added Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey as our fourth payer partner. Under this agreement, we will provide preventative health and wellness services to a select group of Horizon's Medicare and commercial members. These services will be available at Walgreens Health Corners and pharmacies across New Jersey, starting this summer. VillageMD managed 806,000 value-based lives at quarter end, reflecting year-over-year growth of 38% in the legacy VillageMD business and the addition of 309,000 value-based lives from Summit. The total includes 177,000 full-risk Medicare lives. VillageMD ended the quarter with 729 locations, including Summit Health and CityMD. The 403 clinics for the legacy VillageMD business compared to 270 at the end of the prior year period and included 210 clinics co-located with Walgreens, up from 94 co-located clinics a year ago. We were seeing benefits on the Walgreens side from our partnership with VillageMD. Roughly 50% of patients had co-located VillageMD clinics opt to get their prescriptions filled at Walgreens. VillageMD co-located sites that have been open for over two years are driving an incremental 40 scripts per site per day, and this is an increase of 35% versus prior year. We will continue to build out our Walgreens Health Corners as we add new lives and partners. We ended the quarter with 117 Health Corners, up from 47% a year ago. In summary, we are moving swiftly to implement our vision, leveraging our integrated best-in-class assets and are excited with recent developments including signing another payer partner in the Walgreens Health organic business. Turning next to cash flow. We generated over $1.2 billion of operating cash flow in the first half of '23, with free cash flow of $560 million. The year-over-year decline reflected lower earnings due to the COVID-19 headwind and increased capital expenditures related to growth initiatives. This was partially offset by ongoing working capital optimization. Turning now to guidance. We are maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance. We delivered a solid first half, which was broadly in line with expectations. Our core Retail Pharmacy business has performed well in both the U.S. and International as we lapped very strong prior year comps. We also drove better-than-anticipated U.S. comp script growth in the second quarter. We continue to expect robust and accelerating EPS growth in the second half and have good visibility and strong execution plans against the key drivers. COVID was a major headwind in the first half. And heading into the second half, we will see lower year-over-year impacts. In the U.S., we have clear line of sight to less reimbursement pressure relative to the first half of the year. Additionally, our script volume recovery is progressing and we are benefiting from some favorable cost of goods sold timing. In the International segment, the business is well positioned to extend the second quarter's very good performance and we are moving past the peak investment period for U.S. Healthcare. COVID vaccinations and testing do remain a wildcard as the FDA has not yet issued guidance on spring boosters. In summary, at the midpoint of the guidance range, we expect second half adjusted EPS growth in the mid-20s. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing remarks.
Rosalind Brewer : Thank you, James. Before we kick off Q&A, let me sum up what you've heard. We continue to execute against our fiscal 2023 plan with solid first half results broadly in line with our expectations. Our Retail Pharmacy business is performing well, and we are progressing our healthcare business to scale and profitability. We exited the quarter with acceleration in February, adding to our confidence in achieving strong growth ahead. We have good visibility into the back half drivers. As I said earlier, the inflection is here. Our bold strategic actions are working, and I'm very excited for our future. Now I'd like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Adrian Rice from Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice : Actually, it's A.J. Rice. Thanks for taking the call. Obviously, it's still early days in the integration of VillageMD with CityMD and Summit. But any learnings that you've seen positive or challenges in the early days of that integration and maybe articulate a little bit whether there's any incremental cash needs that you see drawing on Walgreens capabilities, as they build out their growth strategy? And then maybe the other question I'll just ask quickly would be on the front of store sales. It seems like that's still hanging in there very well. Are you seeing any impact either in the U.S. or UK from the sluggish economic backdrop? It's sort of hard to see it, but I wanted to just ask the question.
Rosalind Brewer : Sure. Thank you, A.J. This is Roz. Let me start with your second question about the front end of store and the recession that we're seeing, not only in the U.S. but in the UK. So first of all, the U.S. retail comps at 4.5% and that's excluding our test kits, really show that we're running pretty strong right now. As you know, we've had a lot of work going on with our cost management, and that's played forward for us. Secondly, the work that we've been doing with private label. So we've seen some trade down to private label over a period of time, probably about 100 basis points of improvement in our private label business. And then I would also tell you that we are pretty much a convenient place. So as gas prices go up, where that convenient neighborhood access point. And then lastly, I would tell you, too, that in both our U.S. business and the UK business, we're seeing our online growth above 30% in many of those areas. So where -- people are switching over to online, particularly UK, it is in a deep recession, but we're pretty proud of the work that going on over there, achieving 16 comp. They're one of the top players over there selling pretty nicely in personal care and their over-the-counter business. So we've been fairly resilient. We did take some time, A.J., to go back and look at '08 and '09. And during that time frame, we only saw maybe about a 0.5 percentage point dip and so we think we're pretty resilient at this point, but cost improvement has helped us the trend towards private label and our online business is helping us kind of weather the storm. I'm going to turn it over to John to talk a little bit about the VillageMD business.
John Driscoll : Yes. A.J., thanks for the question. I think we're 90 days into the integration. And I think what it has reinforced is the value of combining Medicare, Medicaid, multi-specialty group, professional services and urgent care in our Village Summit offering. I don't think there's any interest -- and I dont think we're seeing excess cash needs. I think we'll continue to invest in sensible acquisitions. But actually, what we're seeing is the opportunity to, I think, drive more cost and growth synergies off of kind of a multi-threat set of assets that we think could be very impactful, particularly as we concentrate market power with more service offerings in specific markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.
George Hill : Yes. I guess, Roz, I would come back to kind of the core pharmacy business. You talked about the acceleration you saw in February. But I guess for the full quarter, it looks like the company is still losing share in pharmacy. So I guess I'd ask kind of talk about trends intra-quarter and maybe even to the grade in which you can, what are you seeing in March? And James, if I can tackle on some housekeeping questions for you. Can you talk about the gains from the cash mobilization program in Germany and the impact of sale leasebacks in the quarter? Just a housekeeping questions.
Rosalind Brewer : Yes. So I can't talk much about March, but I will tell you that we saw a good exit rate leaving the second quarter, February was a stronger month for us than December, January. so if that's any indication. I would also mention here around our script comp business, we've got 500 stores returned to normal operating hours. I'd also mention, too, that where we are seeing improvement in our normal operating stores like 6%, there's opportunity as we look at our execution in those stores to go even -- to improve those numbers even better. So operating behind the momentum we're getting in our stores that operate well. And then I would tell you that we're doing a lot of work in terms of inventory in our stores and making sure that our operational efficiencies are happening every day in our stores. So we feel like we're moving in the right direction in that respect. Rick, is there anything you want to add on scripts?
Rick Gates: Yes, George, I would just say we bucketed in three different areas as we look at kind of acceleration in the second half. The first is staffing. I don't know if we talked about quite a bit and the improvements we're making in staffing, so they get our stores reopened. Roz talked about operations in stores and those stores that are opened are much stronger obviously than those that we're bringing back online, and we're continuing to work to obviously accelerate the performance of our stores that are at full hours. The third area, I think you're going to see us work really hard at is integration with U.S. Healthcare. So how do we work with our assets like VillageMD and Shield and others to really optimize scripts recapture and those types of opportunities. So I would just say, in summary, the focus really is on execution of operations, optimizing our store hours by market, to really win back patients and improve our shares. So I think we have a lot going on in the second half that should help us continue the trend.
James Kehoe : Yes. And George, let me just cover the sale and leaseback. But before I do, maybe just a bit of context. First of all, we believe we delivered a good in-line quarter with decent quality, and this gives us the confidence to confirm the full year guidance. And just to point out the key stat is the EPS was down 25.8%, and 26 points is due to COVID. As we look at the sale and leaseback, the program in the U.S. has contributed an incremental year-on-year net benefit of $0.03. And on a full year basis, as we've said before, it will be flat. On a full year, there'll be no incremental benefit. So this is kind of timing within the quarters. The one thing that stands out a little this quarter is a cash mobilization program in Germany, as we harmonize warehouses with an acquisition from more than 12 months ago, and that contributed $0.09. But as I mentioned in the prepared comments, these combined $0.12 are completely offset by other onetime type items going in a different direction. I pointed out that ABC sale of the stock, which cost us $0.05 year-on-year. Some prior year benefits in the UK unit relating to COVID, which was $0.03 and obviously, then we mentioned ForEx and asset impairment. So the way we look at it, we have this sale and leaseback $0.12 and an offsetting $0.12. So we had decent quality in the quarter on onetime items. So just in summary, this gave us the confidence because we're pretty much in line with good quality. It gave us the confidence to maintain full year guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson : I was wondering if you could comment a little bit more on the payroll investments that you talked about in the U.S. Is that still sort of tracking towards the $525 million that you guys guided to initially? And is there any kind of reaction to some of the other retailers have moved up to $18 now. I just wanted to see if that was something that was helpful. And then secondly, can you talk about what the main drivers are for Summit EBITDA as you think about the back half of the year?
Rosalind Brewer : I'll start off with your question on labor. So we've continued to make progress. A lot of our labor investments came in, in the form of two areas. And so as a reminder, we did go to $15 an hour, and that's spreading out over a period of time at our hourly rate. And then we also made the investment to regaining the pharmacy talent in our stores. And it's working for us. Right now, we don't see any advanced needs in that area to move on labor any further. A couple of things that we've learned in this process is we're closing the shortage by adjusting our pay practices and it's allowing us to return some of our operating hours in there. So what I would say to you is that we're steady in this position and don't have plans to take any further increases in that area.
James Kehoe : And then you had a question then on Summit. I think we don't want to get into specific guidance on any of the individual units. But what I'd say is we're looking forward to strong performance out of Summit in the back half. A couple of items as you consider it is, one is we have four new businesses that were not fully in the base. So they've got coming on stream. They had two acquisitions back at the end of fiscal '21, NJU and Westmed. And these two -- they're basically in the process of squeezing out the revenue and the cost synergies on these two acquisitions. Very exciting as well. They opened a lab -- a new lab at the end of '22, and this lab is the biggest private lab in the U.S. So this is going to be huge and a big driver of growth in the second half. And then the final one, they just closed on an acquisition called Starling, which is quite sizable practice, multi-specialty and will contribute heavily to both revenue and EBITDA growth in the second half. The only item we saw with the acquisition has been -- and we saw it on our front of store business as well. As we look at the first quarter, the only real negative we saw was in January, where we saw a much lower incidence of virus cases. And this impacted our OTC business in front of store in the U.S. And we saw a slowdown in CityMD traffic. So that was the only item of any kind of note on the negative side on the Summit. And overall, the Summit multi-specialty business and the primary care physician business is doing really, really well. And we're very confident in the outlook for the second half. John, I don't know if you have any?
John Driscoll : I think you took all the revenue and profit drivers, in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from TD Cowen.
Charles Rhyee : Yes. Maybe I know there's been a lot of recent discussions on the impact of changes in Medicare around the scoring, coding of CMS moves to ICD-10 from ICD-9. Have you guys done an analysis here at the VillageMD and Summit in regards to this? Because I know that on a relative basis, the states like Florida have the most risk. And so maybe can you remind us what your geographic mix locations generally? And what percent of VillageMD Summits mix is Medicare?
John Driscoll : Thanks for the question. I think just on the -- first on the geographic reach question, we have a relatively small, early-stage set of practices in Florida. So we've got a low exposure there. I think on the risk adjustment and rate changes, we're obviously looking at that carefully. It would be premature to talk about that given the fact that the final rule isn't out, and we don't know when the final rule happens, how that will -- how health plans on the MA side might adjust their benefit designs. But based on the way we are positioned and the variety of levers we have, we are cautiously optimistic that we're in really good shape to manage the changes that we expect may come down the pike. But I think we need to really look at what comes out on April 4. But with regard to Florida, it's a de minimis exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill : James, I wanted to just start with how should I think about margins in the U.S. Retail business on a go-forward basis? So if I look at the margin this quarter, I know there's like puts and takes and you talked about growth rates and what's happening with COVID, et cetera. But how do we think about a sustainable margin, one, in that business? And two, do you have a longer-term goal of what you'd like the margin to look like? And then just secondly, John, I wanted to follow up to your comments on VillageMD as you think about capitated relationships, I think that James earlier talked about 177,000 fully at-risk MA lives. And I understand we'll wait for the floors and see what the potential is there. But can you maybe just talk about vintages or what you're seeing right now around the profitability of some of those MA lives as we move into the back half of this year and going forward? Are there any key things that we should be looking at or thinking about for moving those members to profitability?
James Kehoe : Okay. So let me take a shot at the first one on the margins. And I think some of this will go back to actually the JPMorgan Conference, where we laid out, what are the drivers between the first half and the second half? And I think you'll recall, Lisa, that we did call out pharmacy in the U.S., the pharmacy reimbursement and cost of goods sold, both of those were expected to be a much lower headwind in the second half of the year versus the first half. So I would not judge the first half margins as representative for the full year. There will be a significant delta between first and second half. You asked about longer term, how do we see the margins? I think on Retail, you've seen our performance, I would say, over the last eight quarters. It's a business that has grown comp sales and margins at the same time, consistently over a long-term period. We actually think we're still at the bottom of this, if you like, because we still haven't unlocked the power of the Walgreens brand to own-label offering and we have goals out there to be in the low 20s in terms of penetration, and we're currently sitting at 16. And that will continue to underpin margin growth longer term. The second part of this is we've done some nice work on strategic margin management, both on promotional effectiveness and selectively adjusting price tiers within the stores and that is expected to continue to be a lever going forward. So we see positive gross margin gains longer term on the front of store business, which is already well improved over the last eight quarters. Pharmacy is a different animal in that we will continue to have reimbursement pressure. I do want to point out, I think we said at your conference actually that the reimbursement is approximately -- of 2023 is approximately 85% of the prior year and I'm going to pass it over to Rick Gates in a minute. The atmosphere out there in the negotiation process is much more focused now on health outcomes and what value we can bring to a payer in terms of reducing overall cost. And it's less intensely focused on the absolute reimbursement number. So we see some change in the dynamics on longer-term pharmacy way too early to call any kind of victory, but I do want to emphasize that this year is a lower point than the prior year in terms of reimbursement pressure, and there are some positive signals going forward. So Rick, I don't know if you want to provide an input?
Rick Gates: Yes. As I'll just give a couple of data points as well just to talk about second half and then I can go back to your first point. But Lisa, we have about 98% of our contracts are accounted for -- or contracted for calendar year '23. And we have good line of sight reimbursements that are, quite honestly, in line with our expectations. So we feel really good about what we're seeing there. We're always looking at improving procurement savings, increasing volume, doing things around pharmacy services, which are obviously offsets into our margin, which we're going to see continue in the second half. And the other thing is pay-for-performance contracts. We're in these adherence based programs really trying to solve for what our and payers are looking for, which has improved outcomes, which is what James alluded to there. We're seeing great improvements in our store performance and how we're actually performing against these contracts, which should obviously come through in pay-for-performance benefits to us as well. So...
James Kehoe : Yes, Lisa, Rick brings up a good point. I would characterize the second quarter as being especially weak in terms of generic procurement savings and there'll be more strength in the second half. And this we covered in this first half versus second half bridge back at your conference.
Rick Gates : Just, Lisa, on the Village question, the Village model works, and we've seen it work with some of the legacy businesses in multiple geographies. I think what you'll see us do the bless and learn, is perhaps concentrate our growth and our investments in specific markets where we can be hyper-relevant in a concentrated geography. But we're confident, and we don't see any challenges to the actual model of what we're delivering for patients and with providers in those markets. So the trends are positive. The one thing that I think you'll see us do is really focus our investments so that we can get more of a return on that in specific markets where we can be particularly relevant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research.
Eric Percher : A question on International. Just trying to sort through a couple of moving parts here. And I think beyond real estate, and NHS, I would love to hear your views on what the underlying business is running today? And a little bit more on where the NHS benefit or detriment fell in Q1, Q2 versus second half and expectations for second half normalized growth rates?
James Kehoe : Eric, we think they had a very strong quarter in the second quarter. If you take out the real estate in these onetime, the prior year had some onetime benefits. It was a true-up from the government relating to COVID services that were done. And we had some rental contracts that we negotiated and didn't pay out last year, and we're lapping these this year. You look at the UK and they're up 16% in terms of revenue and lapping at 22%. So I would say any business that can drive teens growth on revenue is an automatic moneymaking machine and this is in context of the UK market that is very, very depressed. So where is this coming from? It's coming from -- if you look back pre-COVID, the UK business has actually gained 200 basis points to 300 basis points of share depending on the category. So this is -- it's an execution story. And if you look at the top retailers, the top 25 in the UK, together with Aldi and Lidl, Boots is the highest performing retailer in the UK. And that is something, if you're a premium retailer. So I think we have a strong franchise. So looking forward, will we have as much of a boost in the forward periods? No, because we're lapping an Omicron period but we see strong revenue growth coming out of the retail business, continued market shares and margin stability. I don't think we will expand margins in the UK at this point. Looking forward, the UK business is one with the fabulous brand franchise strength and a fairly -- probably the #1 player in beauty and personal care in the UK. So -- and with an online presence that we've ended up with 15% penetration on online, and it was 9% pre-COVID. So it's a much stronger company than it was entering COVID and we're pretty happy with what the future holds. Does that answer your question? Eric?
Eric Percher : That's perfect. And any...
James Kehoe : Just on the NHS -- sorry, I missed your NHS piece. We didn't see any NHS timing or margin shifts between first half and -- sorry, the first half of last year and we don't expect any negative going forward. However, it is fair to say the flagship business in the UK is our retail business. The pharmacy business is constrained by NHS which sets a limit on overall spending on pharmacy. So the profit pool is not going up. The way we would have to drive profit in the pharmacy business is it's not a script business that is driving healthcare services. So you try and capture a bigger part of the pool of money that's available by providing value-added services to the NHS. So that's the ongoing battle. It's tough, but our services business is growing far faster the base script business in the UK.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.
Austin Gerlach : This is Austin on for Justin. Just real quickly turning to kind of the store footprint and this return to normalized operating hours. You guys called out 1,900 kind of incremental stores that you're still targeting. Wondering kind of underpinned in the full year guide. Like is there an assumption that you guys clear through the rest of those or sort of a target number by year-end to sort of return? And do you feel like the level of investment at this point is adequate there or any need to revisit that?
Rosalind Brewer : Yes. Rick, why don't you take that?
Rick Gates: Yes. So the 1,900 is where we came out of Q2, obviously, we've continued to make progress as we've started into Q3 as well. I think as you look at the second half, we have to understand kind of the exiting rate for the year on short hours. We don't believe we're going to get through all of the stores by the end of year-end. And so I would say that the expectation should be that we will still have a subset of stores that are still shortened pharmacy hours. We also have to take a look market by market to really understand dynamics of hours within those markets so that we could also take adjustments to hours as necessary based off of what's happening with competition in those locales as well. So -- the primary focus is still to get pharmacists higher to reopen our stores. But we do believe given the current trends and what's happened throughout the first half of the year that we will have a subset of our stores that are still on short hours exiting the year.
James Kehoe : But I think we are feeling pretty good about the stores that have been reopened and stores currently without any restrictions are probably in the region of 6% growth. And we may actually see some opportunity to that because we are looking at operational improvements, not just restoring the store hours, but how you actually operate within the pharmacy and engage with patients and we probably will not -- we will roll those out across the entire portfolio as opposed to the stores that are unopen.
Rosalind Brewer : Also to, let me just add on VillageMD and what we're seeing with our scripts at Village. So in our co-located sites that have been open for more than two years, we're driving an incremental 40 scripts per site per day, and this is an increase of about 35% versus prior year. So when we begin to look at our script business, it's three areas. It's the return to store hours, the second piece is better execution in the stores and the third is to begin to drive our relationships from our acquisition partners, both the work that we can do with Shields, but most importantly, with our Village co-located clinics.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright : On capital deployment here, how are you weighing the priorities now? And how are you thinking about further rationalization of certain investments or businesses, particularly Boots and what's your commitment to the Boots business now? And are you keeping your options open? And then just second, more of a housekeeping question. But are there any changes from a segment level guidance perspective that we should be thinking about for the second half? And anything we should be thinking about in terms of third quarter versus fourth quarter? Anything above or below the line that may have changed relative to your initial thinking, for instance, tax rate?
James Kehoe : Yes. Maybe I'll cover the last question first. I do want to emphasize that the way we looked at this is we delivered a good decent quality in line quarter and that gave us the confidence to confirm the full year guidance. There will always be puts and takes in a business like this, and we covered some of these. We have general outperformance across the retail business, and we have COVID, that's a bit of a watch out. So we kind of balance all of these. And so it's not the moment to go out and change specific guidance on any parts of the business. So we're pretty comfortable right now if we stay out of consensus, which I think is at [451]. We're pretty comfortable with where that's sitting. And many of the vectors that are positive or negative for that case, we can play one off against the others. So that's our confidence on this. You asked about the, call it, the sequence of the quarters if you were plotting out, we've been quite upfront and we expect mid-20s. I would say the growth rate is higher in the fourth quarter than this in the third as we cycle through some of the negative vectors, and then we implement the positive ones. But we're pretty comfortable with the overall profile. Capital allocation, our priority right now is debt and probably tuck-on acquisitions, they would be small in size and only focused on the healthcare business. And then you had a question on Boots, which, do you want to take that one on Boots?
Rosalind Brewer : Sure. So on the Boots business, we've been pleased with their performance as Jim talked about in comparison to U.S. business, our healthcare business. What we feel like is we've got a balanced business here in terms of what we're seeing in Boots and they are continuing to take market share. And it's a business that is nice to have. It's been complementary. And until further notice, it's a good business for us to have.
James Kehoe : Yes. And you would have seen them, Erin, in the quarter that we did dispose just after the quarter, we disposed of a fairly large portion of Option Care. And we've taken our stake below 10%. I think it's 6% something. So we're not -- we're still making progress against all of the portfolio simplification goals. We've taken action like on parts of ABC. Option Care is now down to 6% range. So we're carefully assessing when the right moment is on all of these vehicles on simplification of the company to ensure that we have the firepower to drive and create a successful healthcare services business. That's the goal, and that's the strategy Roz laid out and we're resolute in driving against this strategy.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Ms. Roz Brewer, I turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks.
Rosalind Brewer : Thanks. So thanks, everyone, for joining us. Let me sum up what you heard today, particularly in the Q&A portion. So just in short, the U.S., we've really achieved a balanced performance. Our core retail sales are up mid-single digits, better-than-expected sequential improvement in our comp scripts. And then internationally, Boots has delivered eight consecutive quarters with strong comp performance which accelerated to 16% this quarter. So we feel really good about leaving this quarter. So when we talk about what are we thinking about recession, inflation? Our business is not only strong, but is showing resiliency. We've been able to absorb various industry-wide shocks such as rising labor costs and the inflationary pressures. So at the same time, though, we're moving beyond our peak investment period in health care, and we've turned the corner on comping last year's COVID demand. So that's what we're referencing in terms of an inflection point. I'm really happy about this team. We're clearly executing against our plans and is showing up in the results. We've achieved a really solid first half performance and broadly in line with our expectations. The investments that you all have been tracking very carefully, they're accelerating, and they're building out our healthcare growth engine as we designed and planned. And then the portfolio simplification is working, and it's unlocking the value that we need and funding our transformation. So I would just reiterate that we're maintaining guidance and pivoting to a strong second half of the year. And I appreciate your time on the call. Thank you. Have a great rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-01-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance Earnings Call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; and James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer; Rick Gates, Senior Vice President of Pharmacy and Healthcare at Walgreens will participate in Q&A. Today's call will be approximately 1 hour in length, including Q&A. Let me note that all references to the COVID-19 headwind include U.S. vaccines, drive-thru tests and OTC tests. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides in the press release also contain further information about non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today during this call.  I will now turn the call over to Roz.
Roz Brewer : Thanks, Tiffany. And good morning, everyone. WBA entered fiscal 2023 with good momentum, and we delivered a solid start to the year. Sales grew 1% in constant currency or over 3%, excluding the headwind from AllianceRx Walgreens and tailwinds from our new healthcare assets. The decline in adjusted EPS comes against very strong growth of 53% last year and reflects the anticipated headwinds from lapping COVID execution and our investments in the U.S. Healthcare segment and labor. Our core business remains resilient despite historic macro challenges. We are driving healthy retail comp growth on top of record prior year performances. Our script volume growth is on track with plan as our restaffing and marketing initiatives are gaining traction. We made an important announcement on our opioid legal matters in November, reaching an agreement in principle to pay approximately $5.7 billion over 15 years to resolve a substantial majority of our opioid-related litigation brought by states, political subdivisions and tribes. This allows us to move forward and focus on our purpose, helping consumers lead more joyful lives through better health. We are making great progress to accelerate our transformation to healthcare, most notably in the quarter with the VillageMD acquisition of Summit Health. At the same time, we're unlocking value and strengthening the company by simplifying the portfolio.  Our execution to date reinforces our confidence in achieving our full year guidance for adjusted EPS of $4.45 to $4.65. We are raising our sales guidance, and we have greater visibility toward the strong 8% to 10% core growth that underpins our results, offsetting the COVID headwind of 16% to 18%. We are quickly scaling U.S. Healthcare with a defined path to achieve profitability exiting this fiscal year. Our strategic actions are working to create sustainable shareholder value as we reimagine local healthcare and wellness for all. We are making progress against each of our four strategic priorities. U.S. and Boots UK retail comp sales were both strong, with the U.S., excluding tobacco, up over 2% on top of almost 12% last year and boots up 9% on top of 16% last year. I am especially pleased with this good performance against a tougher consumer backdrop. The convenience and value that we offer are resonating well, and our initiatives to align the core are driving traffic and margin expansion. Walgreens launched 24 hours same-day delivery, offering the widest range of retail items for around-the-clock delivery across the country. This adds to our broad range of channel access, including 1-hour delivery and 30-minute pickup. The Boots consumer responded very favorably to holiday campaigns and promotions delivering record Black Friday online sales. Boots.com was one of the UK's top 10 most visited retail website on that day. And we're maintaining price positioning versus competitors and benefiting from inventory availability through our proactive buying ahead of this year's cold, cough and flu season. In the pharmacy, our team members administered over 8 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the quarter against our goal of 16 million for the full year. Walgreens has been a leading contributor to the national pandemic response with the study from the Commonwealth Fund showing that total industry efforts have prevented 18.5 million hospitalizations, saved 3.2 million patient lives and prevented 120 million COVID infections. This adds up to an estimated over $1 trillion in medical cost savings through the U.S. vaccination program. I could not be prouder of our pharmacy team's tireless execution being among the most trusted health resources available. We continue to care for our local communities and countless ways and we are focusing investments to return stores to normal pharmacy operating hours. Pharmacy staffing has been positive nearly every week since mid-July, and we are leveraging our digital platform to reconnect on a personal level with customers. Our efforts are on pace, resulting in over 2% comp script growth excluding immunizations in the quarter, up 220 basis points sequentially. Importantly, we are seeing mid-single-digit growth in stores with normal hours. We have also opened our ninth automated micro fulfillment center, now supporting about 3,000 total stores. These facilities remove routine tasks and excess inventory from the pharmacy supporting our team and the path to script recovery. They give pharmacists more time for services and outreach that drive adherence and improve patient health.  Turning to our second strategic priority. This was a landmark quarter for accelerating the build-out of our next growth engine, the U.S. Healthcare segment. We invested $3.5 billion to support VillageMD's acquisition of Summit Health, creating one of the leading independent provider groups in the country. We recognize the critical importance of scale in value-based care delivery and density in attractive markets. This highly strategic transaction expands VillageMD's addressable market with primary care, multi-specialty and urgent care and reinforces our approach across the care continuum. We see meaningful synergy potential over time. The deal is also immediately EPS accretive and accelerates profitability for U.S. Healthcare. We expect to exit fiscal '23 with positive adjusted EBITDA. Shields Health Solutions and CareCentrix continue to perform well, which led to the accelerated acquisition of both entities. Shields closed on December 28, and CareCentrix is scheduled to close in the third quarter of fiscal '23. VillageMD is leading the way in value-based care for the country, with 393 clinics as of year-end, including 200 co-located with Walgreens, achieving the calendar 2022 target. Following the close of the Summit transaction earlier this week, VillageMD now operates over 680 locations across 26 markets. We also exceeded our goal for Health Corners with 112 now versus the 100 we had expected by the end of December. Our healthcare strategy is coming to life through all of our best-in-class assets, which drove a combined 38% pro forma sales growth in the quarter. This growth is funded through actions we continue to take to better align our investment portfolio and simplify the business.  In November and December, we unlocked $3 billion in after-tax cash proceeds from the sale of 19 million AmerisourceBergen shares executing with tight discounts and near 52-week highs. We also realized approximately $150 million in proceeds from the sale of our stake in GPC. Lastly, we have a strong team that is fully aligned with our strategy, including a new structure for U.S. Retail Pharmacy and John Driscoll, leading U.S. Healthcare. Perhaps most crucially, we are continuing to invest in our people, to recruit and retain the very best talent, which is key to providing a superior customer experience. Fiscal '23 includes further investments in our pharmacy team and minimum wage, as previously stated. We're also reinventing the role of the pharmacists through micro fulfillment centers and eliminating task-based metrics, further enabling them to practice at the top of their license, while creating a differentiated work environment. Our retail pharmacy business provides the foundation for our leading healthcare assets to deliver value across the full care continuum. We are able to unite digital and physical models to guide consumers through the complex healthcare landscape. We are building the scale and resources to help health plans and patients improve outcomes and lower cost as only Walgreens can do. There are significant opportunities for synergies, allowing us to pursue value-based care and risk arrangements, which will demonstrate the value of an integrated approach. We are focused on expanding our risk business supporting integrated care models, expanding our pharmacy value proposition and driving operational efficiencies. I'm looking forward to sharing more with you ahead.  With that, I'll hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. In summary, we had a solid start to the fiscal year. Despite the expected headwinds, the first quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations, and we are maintaining our full year EPS outlook. Adjusted EPS of $1.16 declined by 29.9% on a constant currency basis as we were lapping a very strong prior year quarter when we delivered EPS growth of over 53%. The year-over-year decline was mainly due to a 19% headwind from COVID-19, U.S. Healthcare growth investments of 5% and labor investments of 5%. These were partly offset by good retail performance in both the U.S. and International segments and a favorable tax rate. Excluding AllianceRx and U.S. Healthcare M&A, sales grew 3.2% on a constant currency basis. The core business remained resilient in a challenging operating environment. Comparable sales were up 3.8% in the U.S., despite lapping a very strong prior year comp of 7.9%. International sales grew 4.6% led by the UK and Germany. And our U.S. Healthcare business continues to rapidly scale with almost $1 billion of sales in the quarter and growing 38% on a pro forma basis. With the first quarter broadly in line, we are maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.45 to $4.65 with 8% to 10% constant currency core growth offset by a COVID-19 headwind of around 17 percentage points. Our guidance now includes the EPS accretion from Summit Health and dilution from our reduced ownership stake in AmerisourceBergen. We have raised our full year sales guidance by over $3 billion to reflect the closing of the Summit Health transaction, refreshed currency rates and a good start to the year. Let's now look at the results in more detail. Sales of $33 billion rose 1.1% on a constant currency basis. Despite an adverse impact of 485 basis points from the anticipated decline at AllianceRx. This headwind will stop after December. Adjusted operating income declined 42% on a constant currency basis due to three factors. Firstly, a much lower contribution from COVID-19 vaccinations and testing led to a negative impact of approximately 20%. Secondly, the U.S. Healthcare adjusted operating loss was $139 million higher in the quarter, with an impact of 8 percentage points. The current quarter includes higher Walgreens Health organic investments and a full quarter of results for VillageMD compared to only 6 days of losses in the prior year quarter. Thirdly, our previously disclosed labor investments in pharmacy staffing and minimum wage, are a $100 million headwind, equivalent to 6 percentage points of AOI growth. Adjusted EPS was $1.16, a constant currency decline of 29.9%, due entirely to operating income. This was despite a favorable tax rate which benefited from the release of valuation allowances related to capital losses. GAAP earnings were a loss of $3.7 billion compared to net earnings of $3.6 billion in the year-ago quarter. The current quarter included a $5.2 billion after-tax charge for opioid-related losses, partly offset by a $900 million after-tax gain on the sale of AmerisourceBergen shares. Additionally, we are comparing to a prior year quarter that included a $2.5 billion after-tax gain on the company's investments in VillageMD and Shields.  Now let's move to the U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. While the U.S. performance was impacted by the anticipated COVID-19 headwinds, we do expect year-on-year performance to improve in the second half as the COVID headwind lessens and initiatives to drive script volume gain traction. Sales decreased 3% in the quarter, but if you exclude the negative impact of Alliance Rx, sales increased by 3%. The comp sales increased 3.8% despite lapping a very strong prior year comp of 7.9%. Adjusted operating income of $1.1 billion declined 35%, broadly in line with our expectations. Headwinds from fewer COVID-19 vaccinations and PCR tests and increased labor investments were partly offset by retail sales growth and gross margin expansion and savings from the Transformational Cost Management Program. Let me now turn to U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy sales declined 4%, held back by a 7.8 percentage point headwind from AllianceRx and by significantly lower contributions from COVID-19 vaccinations and testing. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 4.8% despite lapping a solid 6.8% comp last year. The sales growth was favorably impacted by branded drug inflation. Comp scripts were flat. And excluding immunizations, comp scripts were up 2.1%, a sequential improvement of over 200 basis points. We administered 8.4 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the first quarter, down 46% versus the prior year quarter. Flu vaccinations were up versus prior year due to higher flu incidences. Season to-date, we have administered over 9 million flu shots. As expected, pharmacy-adjusted gross profit and gross margin declined in the quarter due to fewer COVID-19 vaccinations, a mix shift to lower margin at-home COVID-19 tests and ongoing reimbursement pressure net of procurement savings. Reimbursement was broadly in line with our expectations and represented a lower level of pressure compared to the prior year.  Turning next to our U.S. Retail business. We saw good retail performance in the quarter with continued growth in both sales and margin. Retail comp sales increased 1.4% despite lapping a very strong 10.6% comp in the prior year quarter. Excluding tobacco, comps were up 2.1%. And on a 2-year stack basis, comp sales growth was 13.8%. We benefited from a 220 basis point tailwind from cough, cold, flu. However, this was largely offset by a 170 basis point headwind from lower sales of at-home COVID-19 test. Comp sales were led by 4.9% growth in Beauty and a 2.9% increase in consumables and general merchandise. Both categories benefited from own brand offerings and decisions to invest early in inventory availability. We delivered another quarter of strong retail gross margin performance, reflecting effective margin management, including strategic pricing and promotional optimization and favorable shrink trends.  Turning next to the International segment, and I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Sales increased 4.6%, with growth across all international markets. Boots UK was up 4.3% and Germany wholesale grew 4.2%. Adjusted operating income was $116 million, down 20% versus prior year. Strong UK retail sales and good operational execution in the Germany wholesale business were offset by lower demand for COVID-19 pharmacy services in the UK, the adverse gross margin impact of NHS pharmacy funding and the expiration of temporary rental reductions received in the prior year. On a combined basis, these three items had an impact of around 27 percentage points.  Looking forward, we do expect the International segment to return to strong profit growth in the second quarter. Early indications show that boots had a strong Christmas season with comp sales growth of around 15%. Key categories, including gifting, beauty and fragrance performed extremely well along with an uptick in OTC, cold and immunity categories. Let's now look in more detail at Boots UK. Boots UK sales growth of 4% was led by continued strong retail performance. Comparable retail sales advanced 8.7% and this is coming on top of a 16% comp growth in the year ago quarter. Footfall grew 8% with flagship and travel locations again showing robust improvement. Foods continued to gain market share with personal care and health and wellness performing particularly well. Comparable pharmacy sales declined 0.9% reflecting lower demand for COVID-19 services. Boots.com continues its strong performance with sales more than doubling versus the pre-COVID period. Approximately 18% of our UK retail sales came from Boots.com in the quarter, which compares to roughly 9% in the equivalent pre-COVID quarter. November was a very strong month with Black Friday being our biggest ever online event.  Turning next to U.S. Healthcare. We are very excited about developments in our U.S. Healthcare segment as the business continues to rapidly scale. Sales were almost $1 billion in the quarter compared to only $50 million in the year ago quarter, pro forma combined sales growth of 38% compared to 34% in the fourth quarter of fiscal '22. VillageMD had sales of $550 million, advancing 49% on a pro forma basis, with growth driven by existing clinic growth and expansion of the clinic footprint. Shields again showed very strong growth with sales of over $100 million and pro forma growth of 44%, driven by recent contract wins, further expansion of existing partnerships and strong executional focus. In its first full quarter, CareCentrix delivered sales of over $330 million. Pro forma sales growth was 22%. Segment adjusted operating income was a loss of $152 million. This was flat sequentially and compares to a loss of only $13 million in the year ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $124 million in the quarter compared to a loss of $11 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase in losses largely reflects a full quarter of VillageMD in the current year versus 6 days in the prior year quarter and higher Walgreens Health organic investments. These headwinds more than offset positive profit contributions from Shields and CareCentrix.  Let's now look at some of the key metrics for U.S. Healthcare. As Roz mentioned earlier, VillageMD ended the calendar year with 393 clinics, including 200 clinics co-located with Walgreens. This was in line with our target. VillageMD had 440,000 value-based patients at quarter end, up 46% from 300,000 at the end of the prior year quarter. At quarter end, the Walgreens Health organic business had 2.9 million contracted lives, up from 2.3 million at the end of the fourth quarter as existing payers added new lines of business. We exceeded our original goal of 2 million lives. As we scale our access to lives and add new partners, we will continue to build out our Walgreens Health Corners. We ended the quarter with 112 Health Corners ahead of our goal of 100. Health Corners play an important role in engaging patients, addressing care gaps and improving health outcomes. Since the program was launched, Walgreens Health Corners have facilitated more than 300,000 patient interactions. In summary, we performed strongly against our key objectives and we are well positioned for future success in the coming year. The addition of Summit Health will further enhance our portfolio of leading assets across the care continuum, drive meaningful synergy opportunities and accelerate the path to profitability.  Turning next to cash flow. We generated almost $0.5 billion of operating cash flow in the first quarter, while free cash flow was negative $117 million. Operating cash flow was negatively impacted by increased inventories, including successful advance pays to secure product availability in the U.S. and UK holiday seasons. The year-over-year decline in free cash flow was due to lower earnings, some phasing of working capital and increased capital expenditures related to growth initiatives, including the VillageMD footprint expansion, the rollout of micro fulfillment centers and digital and omnichannel investments.  Turning now to guidance. Overall, we are confirming our full year EPS guidance. The guidance now incorporates EPS accretion from the recently closed Summit Health transaction and this offsets the dilution from our reduced ownership stake in AmerisourceBergen. Our projection for the total number of COVID-19 vaccinations is unchanged. But we do now expect a slightly greater headwind from COVID-19 testing due to a demand shift from drive-thru testing to lower margin at home test. This has had a negative impact of roughly 1 percentage point of EPS. Currency rates are somewhat favorable, and this has reduced the year-on-year currency headwind from 2% to 1%. Excluding these items, we continue to project core business growth of 8% to 10%. In terms of phasing, at the midpoint of our guidance, we see a balanced 50-50 cadence between the first half and second half versus our original expectations. This assumes a shift of COVID-19 vaccinations from the second quarter into the third quarter with an impact of approximately $0.09. Second quarter earnings growth will continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing headwind from COVID-19, continued investments in U.S. Healthcare and labor and the higher tax rate. In the second half of the year, EPS will grow around 30% with good visibility into the key drivers. Firstly, we expect significant second half momentum in U.S. Retail Pharmacy, including ongoing script recovery as we normalize store operations and implement marketing win-back initiatives; favorable trends in reimbursement net of procurement, lower levels of shrink and continued strong retail performance. Additionally, while COVID-19 will remain a headwind in the second half of the year, it will be a lot lower. And we expect an impact that is less than 50% of what we saw in the first half of the year. Secondly, International has delivered a strong Christmas trading period, and we expect to see strong ongoing performance through the balance of the year. Our international business, particularly in the UK, has emerged in a competitively strengthened position and is well positioned for growth. Finally, the first half of the year is the peak investment period for U.S. Healthcare. And consistent with prior guidance, we expect the segment to achieve positive adjusted EBITDA exiting the year. The overall segment will flip from being a headwind in the first half to a significant mid-teens EPS tailwind.  Let me now provide some additional detail around our segment sales and profit assumptions. We are raising our WBA sales guidance by $3 billion to $3.5 billion. The increase is driven by VillageMD's acquisition of Summit Health, refreshed currencies and better-than-expected sales in the first quarter. Adjusted operating income is unchanged at $4.7 billion to $4.9 billion. The acquisition of Summit is offset by a lower contribution from AmerisourceBergen as we reduced our ownership stake. For U.S. Retail Pharmacy, we have raised our sales guidance by $500 million due to a better-than-expected first quarter, which benefited from brand inflation and broad-based retail strength. The AOI range is lowered by $150 million to reflect the sale of the AmerisourceBergen shares in November and December. These actions have reduced our stake from around 26% to 17%. We have raised our guidance for the International segment to reflect a lower headwind from currencies. We now expect sales of $21.2 billion to $21.7 billion up $800 million versus the prior range. We are also raising our AOI forecast to $870 million to $900 million. For the U.S. Healthcare segment, we expect sales of $6.5 billion to $7.3 billion and an adjusted EBITDA range from a loss of $50 million to positive $25 million. Both of these are consistent with the goals we provided when the Summit Health transaction was announced in November. We continue to expect to exit fiscal '23 with positive adjusted EBITDA for the U.S. Healthcare segment. Moving on to our corporate assumptions. The full year tax rate is unchanged at around 16%. Interest expense is expected to be $560 million to $580 million, an increase of $70 million to $80 million compared to prior guidance, and this is mostly due to the Summit transaction. We are raising our forecast for equity method investments and non-controlling interest with the combined range increasing by nearly $100 million versus our prior guidance. This reflects the Summit Health transaction and the acceleration of the full acquisitions of Shields and CareCentrix.  In summary, we are raising our fiscal year '23 sales guidance for WBA and we are confirming our full year EPS guidance.  With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing remarks.
Roz Brewer : Thank you, James. Before we kick off Q&A, let me sum up what you've heard. We are executing against our fiscal 2023 plans with solid first quarter results reported today, broadly in line with our expectations. We performed well against our record levels of growth in the first quarter last year. Our core business is resilient, and we are accelerating our healthcare transformation with a well-defined path to profitability exiting this year. Given our first quarter execution and the Summit Health acquisition, we are raising full year sales guidance, and I'm comfortable reconfirming our adjusted EPS guidance. Our strategy is working. And we will be relentless in driving continued progress ahead. I remain confident in our future growth potential, enabled through our bold investments today and the long-term sustainable value that WBA can create for our customers, our partners, our people and our shareholders.  Now I'd like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Lucas on for Charles. I wanted to talk about script recovery and the investments to return stores to normal hours. I wanted to ask and see how script recovery has gone for the locations that you've returned to normal hours. And how those have trended versus your expectations going into it? And then on the $100 million in investments in Q1, that's close to 40% of the $265 million that you guys guided for fiscal '23. I want to understand if we should expect the rest of that investment to come be front-loaded in the first half? And then how the timing of that investment will impact script recovery as we move throughout the year.
Roz Brewer : Okay. Thanks for that question. I'll start that off and then joining us today is Rick Gates from our pharmacy operations. He will assist in the questions. So we'll add James in there if we need to.  So first of all, on our script recovery. It starts with the investment that we've had in our labor position. And let me start by saying that we announced last quarter that we were working to really improve our positions with our pharmacy. So with these investments, our applications are up about 23%, and we've got accepted offers approaching about 40%. So in our minds, the brand remains strong and the intentionality to regain pharmacists in our stores, it's working. Second, I will tell you that stores that are operating without reduced hours had Q1 Rx comp trends including -- excluding immunization in the mid-single digits. And we're seeing about 9 percentage points better growth versus the impacted stores on limited hours. So we feel good about the direction we're moving forward. We continue to make progress on the recruiting. We've got new incentive policies, and we're leveraging the micro fulfillment capacity that we have. And as we improve the store operations for the pharmacists, we're getting better engagement. So we're moving strongly in that direction. We're continuing to see net gains of about 600 incremental pharmacists have joined Walgreens and to the extent that the new pharmacists are being hired, we're seeing these really in some of our more challenged markets. And so as you can imagine, we are focusing on those challenged markets first to regain pharmacy and now we're applying the marketing incentives. And those incentives have been on a one-to-one basis to reengage the consumer back to the store. So we're feeling confident that we're moving in the right direction. So these labor investments have been necessary to move us forward. We like the direction that we see this happening. I will say another thing that's happening in terms of the performance in our stores is also when we look at the balance of the maintenance scripts versus the ongoing scripts. And I will tell you that we are seeing some favorability there. So we feel strongly that this is not a long-term issue for us, but we are regaining the pharmacists back in the stores and reopening the stores accordingly.
James Kehoe : Yes and just to clarify your question on the timing of the spending of the payroll investment. The $100 million we quoted includes both minimum wage and the pharmacy investment. So it only represents $100 million is about 19% of the -- 20% of the total for the year. And I'll just remind you, the pharmacy investment full year year-on-year was $265 million but there was also a minimum wage investment previously communicated of $260 million. Is that okay?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice : Maybe just to talk a little bit about capital priorities. And if there's any updated thoughts, obviously, with VillageMD, closing Summit? There's discussion about synergies, and you talked a little bit about updated growth objectives there. Can you just comment on how you sort of see the cash flow needs laying out, if there's any updated thinking and priorities?
James Kehoe : Yes. Just I think from the point of view of funding, we've basically announced anything we intend to do in the short term. So we disposed of ABC, our partial stake in ABC and we raised that to fund the $3.5 billion transaction. We raised about $1 billion. And this puts us in a fairly comfortable place with the rating agencies. Looking at some of it, it's too early to say because, frankly, you can't get involved until the deal closes. So Village and Summit will be moving very, very quickly on the integration and synergies. As Roz pointed out in her material, we have pretty good line of sight to about $150 million of synergies. The cost synergies, we would go after very rapidly. That's about 40% and 60%, which is coming from migration [of] risk, will be over a longer period of time. There were some items not captured in there. For example, we haven't made any assumptions on synergy between Walgreens stores and Summit locations. So there's probably a fair amount of upside to the $150 million. I don't know, A.J., does that answer your question? By the way, we're not considering any M&A type activity in the short term. We're taking a pause. We need to focus on integration activities.
A.J. Rice : So that was the one other thing is you had talked previously about maybe another leg to the Walgreens Health story over time. So that's not a short-term priority. That's a longer-term thing once we get clarity on how all the integration is going with VillageMD and Summit.
James Kehoe : I think it still is a priority in the short and medium term, but I think the scale of the acquisition won't even trigger on your radar. So we're more likely to buy smaller companies with specific, call it, capabilities that we need to advance our organic business. So we're not going to go out and do a $2 billion or $3 billion acquisition on a health tech company, we're likely to be very targeted, and it will be in the hundreds of millions, not in the billions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.
George Hill : Also, James, I know that you guys don't provide quarterly guidance, but could you maybe talk a little bit about expectations for cadence this quarter had a good portion of COVID and COVID pull forward into it. Fiscal Q2 seems like it's going to be a little bit below The Street. And maybe the question to focus on here is kind of what inflects the most as you think about the back half of the year? And if we think about earnings risk, like maybe talk about the biggest points of inflection, which we would see as the biggest points of risk.
James Kehoe : Yes. That's an unexpected question. I would like to give a little bit of context first on the first quarter because there's a perception out there that it was overly dependent on tax rate. And I do want to give you our position. As we look against our budget internally, we actually came in $0.01 better and only $0.03 was from tax. So, the tax upside we predicted on the full year, the 16% is still intact, and we had already planned for this type of tax rate in the quarter. As I said, $0.03 better. We're about $0.04 weaker on the operating business, and it was all in international. To be honest, it's a bit of a planning blow. They didn't predict carefully enough what the reimbursement timing was going to be like from the NHS. So it became a short-term margin issue.  And I do want to reassure the listeners, we see a return to very strong profit growth in the International segment in the second quarter. So compared to market expectation -- to our expectations, we came in relying $0.03 on tax. So the beat of $0.04 was you can say all due to tax, right? But the core business was on track. And the only thing that surprised us was international and it was more about planning than it was execution. And I do want to emphasize, we won the Thanksgiving -- sorry, Black Thursday type events in the UK and then we did put it in the prepared comments. We make 40% of the profit in the UK in December. The growth in December was 15% on the front of store, which is 70%.  So now I'll go to your real question, which is the cadence between the first and second half. We looked into the second quarter, and versus the consensus that was out in the market that the consensus felt a little heavy only for one reason. There is a shift going on right now. Vaccinations have slowed down. The boosters have slowed down a bit. So there's a slight shift into the Q3 from Q2, and that cost us about $0.09. That's the only change we're making to our thinking first half versus the budget we had before. There are no other changes. And I just want to be very clear on that.  When you look at performance versus consensus models, and we do look at this, and I'll just be very transparent. We collect like, I don't know, 2017 models and we compare whether it's gross profit or SG&A and all the rest. Our actual absolute gross profit in the quarter was better than consensus by $60 million and it was better than FactSet by $94 million. So where we're getting the disconnect is on the SG&A. And my hypothesis there is there are some impacts from currency. There are some impacts from the way you've built in some of the investments in labor. And we have to dig into it that we haven't communicated succinctly enough what the SG&A outlooks are on a quarterly basis. But we're looking at here. We're exiting the quarter feeling like operationally most of the businesses were on track. In fact, the U.S. business came in stronger than the budget. So let's look at first half, second half. We basically said now it's a 50-50 split. And that implies that the first half will be down EPS roughly 28% to 30%, just round numbers. And it's driven by COVID, the labor investments and the healthcare investments. It's -- the story doesn't change in the second quarter, and it's consistent with original guidance.  And you've asked for -- and this is a bit of a long-winded response. You've asked for what are the key drivers, first half versus second half. The first one is vaccinations and testing is a headwind in the first half of 20 to 21 percentage points. So if you take the first half of the year, we will be pulled down to the tune of 21%. If you take the second half, that goes below 10%. So the change of the headwind, it gives you an improved profile of about 11 to 12 percentage points. The biggest driver, however, is healthcare. In the first half of the year, that's a negative drag on income in the low single digit. And we said in the prepared comments that the healthcare business will drive EPS around mid-teens, so call it 15%. So the change between the first half and the second half, you got 11 to 12 points coming from COVID and you've got, call it, 15 to 18 points coming from healthcare. The other big numbers are reimbursement, and we haven't provided much guidance on this in the past. We expect, and we have a very good line of sight because I would call it, 95% of all contracts are closed, reimbursement in the second half of the year compared to the first half will be less than 50%. So this gives us a tailwind of approximately $350 million in the second half of the year. So if you take second half versus first half, just due to the timing of reimbursement, I'm probably going to get 14 percentage points of growth, and I have extremely high line of sight to that number. The second one is volume. Volume in the second half will probably be -- the volume contribution in pharmacy will be about 3x what it was in the first half because as we said, the marketing programs will kick in later in the year. That's worth probably another $200 million, so call it 8 points of growth. So we're going to see a big change in the trajectory of the pharmacy business in the first half versus the second half.  And the final one I'll leave you with is, we did -- while we hit the absolute gross profit in the quarter, pharmacy margins were lower than we anticipated because we had some timing items on cost of goods sold, they're going to wash out in the remainder of the year. And that's probably another $200 million to $300 million. So what we're really looking at is quarter one being a fairly difficult quarter in terms of -- the majority of the costs are concentrated in the first half of the year and have coming out in the second half. Reimbursement, as I said, $350 million. Good line of sight volumes on pharmacy. Good line of sight at the programs are there. There's always some risk to it. And the cost of goods sold items another $300 million. These are very large numbers. So you're talking about pretty explosive growth in the U.S. business in the second half. And I do want to reiterate, we're going to see the same from the international business. So I don't know if that's enough insight, I've gone on for too long, it's probably too much, but
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson : Maybe to piggyback just off of that last question, thanks for all the details there. Could you specifically comment on some of the other things you called out in terms of shrink the strong retail performance? And then also what your expectations are for cold, cough and flu given some of the product shortages we've been hearing about?
James Kehoe : Yes. I think the shrink is built in the forecast. We're probably -- maybe we cried too much last year when we were hitting numbers that were 3.5% of sales. We're down in the lower 2s, call it, the mid 2.5%, 2.6% kind of range now. And we're stabilized. So -- but we've spent a fair amount, and that could be one of the disconnects in SG&A. We've put in incremental security in the stores in the first quarter. Actually, probably we put in too much and we might step back a little bit from that. But what we're seeing is we're putting in more law enforcement as opposed to security companies. The security companies are proven to be largely ineffective. So we're investing more SG&A to drive the lower shrink. And it's -- actually, we're quite happy with where we are. It's around 2.5% to 2.6%. So that's well below the prior year levels. And we have a fairly good line of sight to new programs going in.  The second part of the question? Cough, cold, flu. Yes, we did get a bounce from cough, cold, flu in the quarter. But as you look at our retail business in the first quarter, where the comps came in at cough, cold, flu boosted the result for the tune of, I think it was 220 basis points. But on the flip side is the COVID OTC tests were a headwind of 170. So actually, the way I'd encourage you to think about the first quarter is, if you take out the noise of the two of these, roughly the business is doing a 2% comp. And if you go back to the guidance we gave three months ago, we actually said we expect the retail business to do a 2% to 3% ex COVID. We did see a little bit of weakness in some of the -- some other categories. But I think where we won in the first quarter was we built fairly aggressive inventory levels, and we were extremely well positioned on cough, cold, flu and we've actually gained share in the category. We will get some opportunity on the full year from cough cold flu. It's too early to say what's going to happen in the second quarter. Honestly, we've seen a little bit of a slowdown in the last few weeks. Flu vaccinations are still up, I think, 9% or 10% versus prior year. So there's no issue in cough, cold, flu. It has given us a bit of a boost. But as I said, if you think about cough, cold, flu in the first quarter, it was offset by these cost items in pharmacy that I talked about, and they'll roll out of the system in the second half.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill : I'm going to take it more from a strategic standpoint. So when I think about your U.S. Healthcare business and Summit, CityMD as well as VillageMD. Can you maybe just spend a minute and talk about how you think about them, integrating and fitting together. As I understand it, both Summit and CityMD today are primarily fee-for-service. I think the reason that VillageMD was at a loss is that they have at-risk lives. So as you think about this over the next few years, is the goal to move more people onto the platform from an at risk perspective. Where do you see those opportunities? Summit is in a single market. Do you think you can replicate some of that multispecialty and other markets? James I know you did some numbers around some of the synergies. But just more conceptually, I want to try to understand how you're viewing this going forward?
James Kehoe : Yes. And I think we -- I did allude to it. And I think there's two pieces you should think about. One of them is easier and one of them is tougher. The easier one is the capabilities that VillageMD have in value-based care. So right now, they have roughly 440,000 patients, I'll call it on a value-based arrangement out of roughly 1.6 million total patients. So they're in their own evolution. And of that 440,000, 125,000 are fully at risk. So that is delegated -- full delegated risk from the insurance company. So Villages standalone is they want to grow the 125 and they want to grow the 440 as a percentage of the total 1.6. But bear in mind here, it's really, really, really, really important to have commercial patients. They pay the bills, right? And they allow a very effective procurement and negotiation model in the local markets. Strategically, I think, Lisa, the one difference versus a year ago is there's a decision by Village to get bigger in fewer markets. And what I mean by that is scale locally is critically important. And that's why Summit and CityMD was a very attractive acquisition. So the game that they have to play in Village is, they'll probably run the businesses somewhat independently for a period of time and transfer of value-based care management into City -- sorry, into Summit Health and Summit Health will grow its patient population that is at risk. So that's the opportunity. That's the $19 million. The other one is a little bit more complex, which is -- the beauty of the Summit model is they have a multi-specialty business and they have a primary care physician business. And they are feeding, if you like, patients between each other and cross referring between the two. So when and if they take on risk, they will manage a much greater proportion of the total cost of care because you know how much specialty or multispecialty care cost. So instead of village, which firms out its business to local providers, Summit will be able to use its own providers to directly manage the cost of care. And I would argue, have a much higher return on the risk-based patients. The question is how do you push the multispecialty into the Village practices? I know the Village team are looking at bigger primary care physician practices that incorporate more multi-specialty type activities and testing. So -- but I would take the second -- the first one, the move to value-based care will happen in the first contract year. So I would call it in the current contract year.  In the case of the multispecialty, I think that's a 5-year journey and that does require investment because you'll have to change the structure of your local practices. But I think it's quite exciting because none of the multispecialty opportunity and none of the synergy between Walgreens and Summit is built in the projections that we provided to The Street back in November. So we see a fair amount of opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities.
Ann Hynes : I know you know there's a lot of debate on The Street of the company's ability to gain back that 30 million of scripts that is embedded in guidance. And I know some of that 30 million scripts is just regaining market share, of stores closed, hiring pharmacies. But I know Summit also is just regaining like people that haven't left Walgreens that maybe have been compliant to therapy and pharmacists during COVID due to the basic blocking and tackling. And to me, that feels like an easier get than bringing someone back to Walgreens. So could you let us know how much of that 30 million maybe break it down, what is actually having people come back to a Walgreens versus what is versus people being more compliant to therapy? And secondly, your free cash flow was negative. Can you give us any type of free cash flow guidance for the year? That would be great.
Roz Brewer : James, why don't we start with the free cash flow? And then, Rick, just go into the detail around the script performance on the core script business.
James Kehoe : Yes, we're not going to give guidance on the full year. Honestly, we're still working through some of the implications of the Summit acquisition. But I think you'll see some progress year-on-year on an absolute basis. The first quarter is traditionally quite weak as a start in the company. So I wouldn't get very concerned by it. We are looking carefully at the investments in the rest of the business and to optimize cash flow for the rest of the year. But we're not going to start giving guidance on that.
Rick Gates: And just to -- this is Rick. Just to walk into the 5% script growth, there's actually building blocks that are part of that. And I think you are correct. Part of it is just market growth that we have that is the first part of the building block then it goes into the adherence and services, which are a key part of all the programs we've invested in. So that is a huge part of how we're going to continue to grow scripts -- the marketing win-back plans based off of staffing is the third one, then obviously, core staffing and reopening of store hours is the fourth building block. And I would say that as you look at the cadence of scripts and how it's going to grow into the second half of the year, Roz has talked a lot about the hiring pieces, but it actually goes into -- there's kind of a time line to get there, right? You have to hire. We have to train appropriately, get our pharmacists ready, then we will reopen our stores to full store hours that we have before and then obviously, the win-back program. So there is a timing element to the scripts and how the growth will really start to ramp up in the second half of the year.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America.
Michael Cherny : I guess one just quick clean-up question and one broader one. First, on the clean-up side, is it possible if you could give us the after-tax proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions for the quarter? That would be great. And then maybe on the international side, I understand the success that you've had on the various different holiday items for the UK. But can you give us a sense whether it's FX oriented beyond that, how to think about the confidence level you have in raising the adjusted OI for segment for the year and all the moving pieces beyond simply the contribution that you got from the Black Friday, Black Thursday, I apologize if I missed a couple of the holidays there, James.
James Kehoe : Yes. So the -- I'm just looking for the sale and leaseback. I think it was around 170 pre-tax. I don't have an after-tax number. But we don't -- on a cash tax basis, we don't pay very much tax on this because we have capital allowances -- capital losses against it. In the UK, what we did was a technical update basically to reflect only currencies. So if currencies change in the future, we would adjust that. We have -- I would describe it as a large degree of confidence in the base forecast in the international business. I would suggest that given how December came in, which was better than we expected, that 15% growth. And as I said, 40% of the profit is in December. So this takes -- massively derisks the international forecast. So I don't -- you never want to say anything is in the bag, but I think international is probably the very safe number. And just to cycle back a little bit on -- everybody, I think, has been very, very focused on the 5% script growth rate. 2.5 percentage points comes from the marketing programs on the store reopening and 2.5 comes from market growth plus adherence programs, plus all the rest. So there is the possibility that we overperform on some of the other programs that will compensate for some of the risks that you perceive. And then two is just to dimensionalize this and -- sorry, the labor on, but the change in the direction of procurement is $350 million and the change -- second half versus first half and the volume change is 200. So if you were looking in terms of what's going to have the biggest impact second half versus first half, it's reimbursement, cost of goods sold changes versus first quarter and then it's volume on the pharmacy business. And I'm not saying it's not important, but we have a very, very good line of sight to the reimbursement and we have decent line of sight to the cost of goods sold, and we have programs in place for the script volumes. So I just wanted to kind of close on that, kind of stealing your last question.
Operator: And this ends our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Roz Brewer for some final closing remarks.
Roz Brewer : First of all, thank you, everyone, for joining us this quarter. We'll conclude our Q&A but I want to end briefly by just recapping the main points that you heard from us today and then touch again on some of your questions. First of all, we have had a solid start to the year. Our results are broadly in line with expectations and our underlying sales growth is over 3% despite the tough environment we've all been in. Secondly, our core business is resilient, the convenience and value that we're offering customers continue to resonate as we cycle from the COVID surge. And it reminds us every day that our brand remains strong and our customers are very loyal to us. Thirdly, our healthcare growth engine is showing great progress. We've closed and accelerated major acquisitions, and this segment is expected to exit fiscal '23 with positive adjusted EBITDA so we're investing to grow in a very difficult time frame, but we remain committed to our strategy. Fourthly, we're optimizing our portfolio. So our shares in AmerisourceBergen were sold with tight discounts and near 52-week highs, and we continue to have significant access to capital. And lastly, we're maintaining guidance for the fiscal year, while controlling cost, and investing to grow to deliver our long-term sustainable value for all of you on this call. So thanks again for your support, and we wish you all a very Happy New Year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-10-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President, Global Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. Im Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on todays call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Driscoll, President of our U.S. Healthcare segment. Rick Gates, Senior Vice President of Pharmacy and Healthcare at Walgreens will participate in Q&A.  Todays call will be approximately two hours in length, including Q&A. Let me note that, we will be referring to our segments by their new names: U.S. Retail Pharmacy, International and U.S. Healthcare. The renaming did not result in any change to the composition of the segments. Additionally, all references to the COVID-19 headwind include U.S. vaccines, drive-thru tests and OTC tests. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 2 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides and the press release also contain further information about non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today during this call. I will now turn the call over to Roz.
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Its great to be with all of you today, and its hard to believe a whole year has gone by since our Investor Day last October. As I said to you then and Im deeply committed to being as open and transparent as possible about our business. We have scheduled a longer call this morning to provide a more in-depth update and also to spend additional time on Q&A to hear from you. Im looking forward to reviewing our execution over the past year. We delivered ahead of our expectations in fiscal year 22 and are well underway in our transformation to a consumer-centric healthcare company. Today, well also provide much greater visibility to the road ahead. Our fiscal year 23 adjusted EPS guidance of $4.45 to $4.65 is down year-over-year, largely due to lapping COVID-19 execution. However, we expect strong 8% to 10% core growth to underpin our results. We are rapidly scaling U.S. Healthcare, already raising long-term sales targets with a clear path to achieve profitability, starting in fiscal year 24. Its early, but our strategy is working. Were making good progress on each of our four priorities. Were simplifying and strengthening the Company. Our numerous accomplishments this year, despite the difficult operating climate, bolster our confidence in accelerating to our long-term algorithm of low-teens adjusted EPS growth. We have a winning team and winning assets to unlock sustainable shareholder value as we reimagine local healthcare and wellness for all.  As youll remember from last October, we introduced four strategic priorities: first, transform and align the core business; second, build our next growth engine, U.S. Healthcare; third, focus on portfolio and optimize capital allocation; and fourth, build a high-performance culture and a winning team. Our four key priorities capture value across both core retail pharmacy and growth spaces in healthcare. We are already delivering consumer-centric primary care services, improving the patient experience and health outcomes while lowering cost and leveraging our assets across the care continuum to treat the whole person. We are executing through our unique strengths and our hyperlocal footprint and trusted iconic Walgreens brand. At the same time, were reinforcing our capabilities for the journey. We have and will continue to take measured and strategic actions to optimize our portfolio. We are also evolving our team with new talent, new skills, and fresh ideas, but with the singular focus on driving real value for our patients and for our communities, our people, and our shareholders. Let me review fiscal year 22 progress against each strategic priority. First, Im pleased to say that we broadly exceeded our strategic goals across the core retail pharmacy business, despite a challenging macro environment. Our script count is the one soft spot for the year to call out. Ill talk more about how were addressing that in a moment. However, we still surpassed our U.S. and international adjusted operating income targets with very good execution in the front end. U.S. and Boots UK retail comp sales were both strong with the U.S. up 6% and Boots up 19%. Several of our initiatives are continuing to gain traction. U.S. digital sales grew 37% for the year on top of 74% growth in 2021. myWalgreens membership surge passed a big milestone, reaching 102 million customers. And Im encouraged by the innovation and growth happening at our owned brands program. I am also proud of our significant U.S. retail margin expansion, up over a 100 basis points, while many other companies like big-box retailers are under pressure, because theyre more dependent on big ticket items. We are seeing meaningful contributions from alternative profit streams at $125 million in income for the year, including Walgreens advertising group with 35% growth. And youll remember that we raised the target for our transformational cost management program last quarter to $3.5 billion was an expanding funnel of cost savings initiatives. In the pharmacy, Walgreens team members have proven that they are highly trusted healthcare resources. We administered 35 million vaccinations in fiscal 2022, well beyond our expectations. With demand for pharmacy services at an all-time high due to COVID-19, we have seen a tightening in the labor market for pharmacists and pharmacy technicians. This has unfortunately led to staffing shortages in some of our markets, in turn creating a headwind for prescription growth. Scripts were up a softer than expected 1.4% in fiscal year 22. We are focusing investments to return about 3,000 stores to normal operating hours, which I expect will drive script volume recovery as we move through fiscal year 23. Were seeing positive staffing trends with 11 straight weeks of net pharmacist headcount increases. We have also opened our eighth automated microfulfillment center and are now supporting 1,800 total stores. Our pace is somewhat slower than expected, in part due to supply side construction delays, but Im pleased with the performance of the centers we do have up and running. These facilities remove routine tasks and excess inventory from the pharmacy, which is expected to reduce working capital by over $1 billion over time. Let me take a moment to address the historic macro challenges that are affecting our customer. With inflation at four-decade highs, consumers are expressing uncertainty about the future and seeking value. At the same time, we know that health and wellness will always be a priority, and increasingly so after COVID-19. A McKinsey study from last month shows that around 50% of U.S. consumers now report wellness as a top priority in their day to day lives, a significant rise from 42% just two years ago. Were leveraging our footprint, our digital capabilities, our consumer insights, and our essential services to drive overall retail pharmacy growth. We have a resilient core business with a mix that over indexes to need now categories. And we are better positioned now than we were in prior periods of economic turbulence. Our execution during the pandemic is just one example of our pharmacy services at the center of our communities and as part of the integrated healthcare experience. In the U.S., we have administered nearly 72 million COVID-19 vaccinations and completed over 34 million PCR and antigen tests to date. Second, weve improved the customer experience, and its showing every day through offering strong value, better in-stock conditions, and increased service levels. Weve been managing inflation and collaborating closely with suppliers. Were maintaining price versus competitors and meeting our customers with robust in-stock levels that are above last year, despite supply chain constraints. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. The team is also deploying advanced forecasting and replenishment technology, including AI. The outcome is a better more dependable shopping experience for our customer during these turbulent times and stronger results for our retail business. Finally, we expect reimbursement pressure on payer contracts to be predictable as fiscal year 22 was in line with plan. Weve already locked in 95% of payer contracts through calendar year 23. Turning to our next strategic priority. Were making important strides and consistent progress in building our next growth engine, the U.S. Healthcare segment. Let me start with CareCentrix. With our announcement on Tuesday that we are accelerating full ownership, we are very well positioned in the home care market. And if the initial acquisition of a 55% stake had closed in line with our original timeframe, we wouldve achieved our $3 billion to $3.2 billion sales goal in fiscal year 22. Next, VillageMD and Shields continued to realize tremendous top line growth, driving pro forma total growth of 75% for the year. Weve added three strategic partners for Walgreens Health, Blue Shield of California, Clover and Buckeye, bringing the number of lives covered above our calendar 22 yearend target of 2 million. VillageMD is leading the way in value-based care for the nation with over 340 clinics now open, including about 150 co-located with Walgreens, on pace towards 200 by the end of calendar year 22. Remember that we raised the target from 160 back in January. Were also adding Health Corners on schedule with 70 now on the way to 100 by the end of 22. Through our accelerated rollout, VillageMD already covers 433,000 lives under value-based arrangements, including 161,000 Medicare and MA value based lives. At the same time CareCentrix has 19 million total contracted lives and Shields is partnered with 75 health systems. Our healthcare strategy is now coming to life and far from just being in the planning stages. It is well underway and can be seen in our best in class assets. We are moving swiftly to implement our vision of consumer-centric tech-enabled healthcare solutions that improve outcomes and lower costs for patients, providers and payers. Over the course of the past year, we also took several actions to better align our investment portfolio with our strategy. These decisions will fund our continued growth and simplify the business. In addition to building our partnerships with VillageMD, Shields and CareCentrix, we also completed a thorough review of the Boots business. Our decision to pause the process was a reflection of challenging financial market conditions, and the Board and I remain confident that the business carries strong fundamental value. We continue to have sufficient access to capital to accomplish all that we need to do, as demonstrated by our ability to opportunistically monetize portions of our portfolio. Recent transactions involve AmerisourceBergen, unlocking $900 million; Option Care Health with $360 million in proceeds; and GPC at $150 million. There is good financial flexibility through our total portfolio, and we are entering fiscal year 23 on a clear trajectory to a simpler, more streamlined company. Additionally, we increased the dividend for the 47th consecutive year in July, and we remain committed to growing the dividend over time. Finally, I want to cover our progress on our fourth strategic priority. We have evolved our operating model, expanded expertise on our Board, hired new leaders and made critical investments in our winning team. We have restructured our executive committee to align with best practices in healthcare. In recognition of the central role of technology in healthcare, we have taken several actions. We reconstituted our Boards Finance Committee as the Finance and Technology Committee, appointed IBMs Global Chief Data Officer, Inderpal Bhandari to the Board and named our next Chief Information Officer. Beyond that, we have named over 10 senior executives since start of fiscal 22, including a new structure for U.S. Retail Pharmacy. Its always been important to me to prioritize our most meaningful asset, which is our team members. I have no doubt that investments in our people will yield large rewards as we recruit and retain the very best talent, which will allow us to recover our script count growth and enhance our customer experience. At the support office level, we are pleased to announce incremental measures to align compensation with our strategic ambitions and shareholder interests, by adopting a relative TSR metric in our long-term incentive plan for fiscal year 23. We are all invested in and accountable for the success of our company. At our stores, we invested in incremental $190 million dedicated to our pharmacy staff in fiscal year 22, primarily in premium pay and bonuses. Fiscal year 23 will include further investments in our pharmacy team of $265 million, as we made good progress in returning stores to normal operating hours. As a reminder, this is in addition to the minimum wage increases we announced last year, which consistent with prior guidance, represent a year-over-year impact of $260 million in fiscal year 23, building to $450 million over the three-year period. As we discuss these investments in our team members, let me take a moment here to stop and fully appreciate how important their work is. Just as the crisis level impact of the pandemic has started to subside, we have seen tragedies strike with the hurricanes in Florida and Puerto Rico. Our teams, as they always do, responded decisively on behalf of their communities and really rose to the occasion. My message to our colleagues on the front lines is, thank you once again from all of us at WBA and we are so very proud of your leadership. Now, let me go into more detail on the deep and talented bench of leaders at WBA. Most recently, we were excited to announce on Tuesday that John Driscoll has joined our team as President of our U.S. Healthcare segment. Our U.S. business is now organized under three leaders: Healthcare under John Driscoll; Pharmacy under Lee Cooper from Shields; and Retail under Tracey Brown. John has more than 25 years of expertise, including as President of Castlight Health, a healthcare tech company; Group President for New Markets at Medco, a $70 billion PBM that spun out of Merck; and Founder and Chair of Surescripts ePrescribing Network, the first cross-industry collaborative with competing retail, PBM and health plans. Lee previously served as CEO of GE Healthcare in the U. S. and Canada before leading Shields through rapid expansion. He has demonstrated proven success in driving growth, creating omnichannel customer experiences, establishing high performance cultures, and executing with excellence. And already in just one year at WBA, Tracey has made major strides in our customer experience. Traceys team is creating highly personalized offerings for our consumers across our digital and physical assets. We are confident in the road ahead with the right team leading us through hard decisions today. We exceeded expectations in fiscal year 22, successfully managing our resilient core business. While there are macroeconomic challenges, we are executing well and expecting strong core growth of 8% to 10% in the year ahead. We are scaling our winning assets to accelerate growth and profitability of our U.S. Healthcare business. We are investing in strategic talent and capabilities, and were taking strong action to simplify our portfolio. Our strategy is working to strengthen the business and build a solid foundation for sustainable shareholder value creation. With that, Ill hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. Overall, we had a good finish to the year with fourth quarter results slightly ahead of our expectations. We continue to drive strong execution across all of our operating segments and rapidly expand our U.S. Healthcare business. As a reminder, we are lapping a very strong prior year when adjusted EPS grew 28%, boosted by COVID-19 vaccinations. Year-over-year comparisons are also impacted by higher investments in the U.S. Healthcare segment, including the acquisition of a majority stake in VillageMD. Sales decline 3.2% on a constant currency basis, excluding the negative impact from AllianceRx and the positive contributions from healthcare M&A. Constant currency sales growth was around 2%. Adjusted EPS was $0.80 in the quarter, a constant currency decrease of 30%, entirely driven by the decline in adjusted operating income and partly offset by a lower tax rate. Solid gross profit performance in U.S. Retail and the continued rebound in International were offset by the lapping of peak COVID-19 vaccinations in the year-ago quarter, and planned growth investments in U.S. Healthcare. GAAP Earnings per share was a loss of $0.48, which compares to earnings per share of $0.41 last year, mostly due to a $780 million non-cash impairment charge in Boots UK, and higher charges related to the transformational cost management program, reflecting incremental store closures. Please note that the Boots impairment charges were related to trademarks and licenses, and were mostly due to the impact of higher discount rates. Now, lets move to the full year financial highlights. Full year sales increased 1.2% on a constant currency basis. However, if you exclude the 5.5 percentage-point negative impact from AllianceRx and positive contributions from U.S. Healthcare M&A activity, core sales growth was a healthy 6%. Adjusted EPS was $5.04, a constant currency increase of 3.4%, and above our initial guidance of flat EPS. Furthermore, the result included a 5.5 percentage-point headwind from the build out of the U.S. Healthcare segment. In summary, full year core sales grew by 6% and adjusted EPS increased 3.4%. Now, lets look at the U.S. Retail Pharmacy segment. Sales decreased 7.2% in the quarter as we lapped a very strong prior year comp of 8%, and we faced a 7.8 percentage-point headwind from AllianceRx. Adjusted operating income declined 36%, lapping strong prior year results when AOI grew 16%, including significant COVID-19 vaccinations. Strength in U.S. Retail and continued cost savings were offset by higher labor investments and lower results in U.S. Pharmacy. For the full- year, AOI was up slightly, reflecting solid core sales growth. Now, lets look in more detail at U.S. Pharmacy. Pharmacy sales declined 8.8%, entirely due to a 10.4 percentage-point impact from AllianceRx. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 3%, despite lapping a very strong 8.9% growth last year. Comp scripts declined 3.5% and excluding immunizations, comp scripts were flat, which compares to a 4.2% growth in the prior year. We completed 2.9 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the fourth quarter, well below the 13.5 million vaccinations in the prior year quarter, and this trend was generally in line with our expectations. Pharmacy performance in the quarter benefited from improved trends from seasonal scripts and maintenance medications. However, scripts remain challenged by temporary reductions in store operating hours due to staffing shortages. Operating hour limitations impacted scripts by about 270 basis points in the quarter with a full-year impact of around 180 basis points. As Roz mentioned, actions have been taken to address the staffing challenges and we are encouraged by the positive hiring trends over the past 11 weeks. This gives us confidence that we can recover script volume as we move into next year. Overall, looking on a three-year stack basis, which normalizes for COVID-related volatility, comp scripts excluding immunizations increased 7.7%. We administered 3.4 million COVID-19 tests in the quarter compared to 5.2 million last year. Additionally, with payers now reimbursing OTC tests, we sold 7.8 million OTC tests through the pharmacy. As a reminder, our comp script numbers exclude testing. Finally, pharmacy adjusted gross profit declined, driven by a much lower level of COVID-19 vaccinations and ongoing margin pressure. Turning next to our U.S. Retail business. Overall, we saw good retail performance as we continued to benefit from our omnichannel and mass personalization initiatives. Comp retail sales decreased 1.9%, and this was largely due to lapping a very strong prior year quarter, when sales advanced 6.2%. Overall, our retail business has good underlying momentum with 13% growth on a three-year stack basis. On a full-year basis, comp retail sales were up a strong 6%, the highest in nearly two decades with positive contributions from personal care, beauty and cough/cold, flu, as well as COVID-19 OTC tests, which contributed about 3 percentage points of growth. Retail gross margin expanded throughout the year, reflecting effective margin management, including strategic pricing and promotion optimization, and stabilizing shrink levels. Turning next to the International segment, and as always, I will talk to constant currency numbers. International delivered a strong set of results. Sales increased 6.7%, reflecting growth across all international markets with Boots UK up 6% and Germany wholesale advancing 6.8%. Adjusted operating income was $163 million in the quarter, up 31% versus prior year. The strong finish to the year led to full year sales and adjusted operating income growth of 13% and 65%, respectively.  Lets now look in more detail at Boots UK. Strong retail sales performance more than offset a decline in comp pharmacy sales of 7% as we lapped strong demand for COVID-19 services. Comp retail sales advanced 15%, reflecting a 20% rebound in footfall with flagship and travel location showing robust improvement. Market share increased with personal care and health and wellness driving notable gains. Compared to pre-COVID levels, store footfall remains around 15% lower. However, this was more than offset by a 14% increase in store basket size and Boots.com sales that more than doubled. Over 11% of our total UK retail sales came from digital in the quarter, up from around 6% pre-COVID. Turning next to U.S. Healthcare. Segment sales were over $600 million in the quarter with pro forma combined sales growth of 34%. VillageMD grew in line with plan, and revenue growth is on track as we launch new clinics, scale existing clinics and increase value-based arrangements. Shields delivered another excellent quarter with pro forma sales growth of 48%, driven by annualizing recent contract wins and by expanding their value proposition with existing health system partners. Segment adjusted operating income was a loss of $151 million in the quarter. Organic investments accounted for $45 million. Investments at VillageMD more than offset the profit contribution from Shields and led to a $106 million AOI loss across our majority investments. The clinic rollout at VillageMD continues on pace. VillageMD had 334 clinics at the end of the year, an increase of 82 clinics compared to prior year. VillageMD had 433,000 value-based patients as of the end of fiscal 22, up from 326,000 at the end of fiscal 21. Fiscal 22 was a peak investment year and the fourth quarter loss is not a good indicator for fiscal 23 and beyond. VillageMD, Shields and CareCentrix will drive increasingly high contributions as the businesses mature. Additionally, investments in the Walgreens Health organic business will be partially offset by positive contributions from clinical trials expansion and integration synergies. Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $3.9 billion, and free cash flow was $2.2 billion as we cycled through some exceptional headwinds. First, the sales decline of AllianceRx led to the unwinding of a favorable working capital position with a year-over-year impact of $400 million. Secondly, we benefited from COVID-19 government-related support in fiscal 21, whereas this partially reversed as the deferred FICA payments became due in fiscal 22. In total, the year-over-year impact was around $400 million. Additionally, we executed an inventory prebuy ahead of an expected strong cough/cold, flu and holiday season. And finally, there were some onetime items, including legal settlements in the U.S. of $200 million. Free cash flow was also impacted by a $355 million increase in capital expenditures to support our growth initiatives, including the VillageMD clinic expansion, rollout of microfulfillment centers and continued omnichannel and digital investments. Before moving on, I want to reiterate that our full year EPS grew 3%, ahead of our original guidance of flat, and we made substantial progress against our goals as we build out our U.S. Healthcare business. Ill now turn to our fiscal 23 guidance and long-term growth outlook. We are guiding to fiscal 23 adjusted EPS of between $4.45 and $4.65 compared to the $5.04 achieved in fiscal 22. While we expect solid core business growth, looking forward into 23, we are facing two key challenges. First, we project a much lower level of COVID-19 vaccination and testing activity, and this leads to an earnings headwind of 15% to 17%. Second, the dollar has strengthened significantly and is a 2% headwind to EPS in reported currencies. Excluding these two headwinds, we expect core EPS growth of 8% to 10% on a constant currency basis, with positive contributions from all segments. This healthy core growth reinforces our confidence in achieving our long-term growth algorithm. And today, we are providing more clarity and raising our U.S. Healthcare targets. Based on execution to date and improved visibility, we are increasing our 2025 sales target for U.S. Healthcare by over 20%, and we are now projecting sales of $11 billion to $12 billion by 2025. Furthermore, we expect the U.S. Healthcare segment to generate positive adjusted EBITDA by fiscal 24. Later, I will provide greater detail on the key drivers. Let me now walk you through our 2023 guidance in greater detail, starting with WBA. Overall, we expect low-single-digit sales growth on a constant currency basis. Excluding the COVID-19 headwind, we do expect sales growth of 2% to 4%. This sales growth is also impacted by a 2 percentage-point headwind from AllianceRx, which largely cycles out in the second quarter. So, if you strip out the AllianceRx and COVID-19 impacts, we expect constant currency sales to be up mid-single-digit. Adjusted EPS is projected at $4.45 to $4.65, a constant currency decline of 6% to 10%. Excluding the COVID-19 and ForEx headwinds, adjusted EPS growth is around 8% to 10%. Let me now walk you through the assumptions and guidance for each of our reporting segments, starting with U.S. Retail Pharmacy. Sales are projected to decline low-single-digit. Our lower sales contribution from vaccinations and testing will reduce the growth by 2 percentage points, whereas the low-margin AllianceRx business also has an adverse impact of 2 percentage points. In summary, if you strip out these factors, we expect low-single-digit sales growth. We are projecting 16 million vaccinations in 2023 compared to 35 million in both of the previous years. The 16 million estimate assumes only one booster this year and that around 40% of the population chooses to get one. AOI is projected at $4.5 billion to $4.6 billion, including an 18 percentage-point headwind from the lower COVID-19 contribution. Excluding this impact, core AOI growth is 10% to 11%. Lets walk through some of the key growth drivers. First, we anticipate script volume recovery as we move through the year. Focused labor investments are already leading to positive net staffing trends, and over the coming months will allow more stores to return to normal operating hours. We expect the ongoing rollout of micro fulfillment centers to continue to drive efficiencies in the pharmacy, easing staffing challenges. Additionally, pharmacy will be boosted by increased contributions from Pharmacy Services and patient acquisition initiatives. We also have good visibility to reimbursement net of procurement savings. Second, we expect continued momentum from the retail business, driven by our digital and omnichannel offerings, the enhancements we have made to our myWalgreens loyalty program and through innovation and growth in owned brands. We are also seeing increasing contribution from alternative profit streams, including financial services and media. Finally, actions to mitigate shrink are well underway, and we are already seeing improved shrink rates. Overall, we expect gross profit to be broadly flat but up around 5% to 6%, excluding the COVID headwind. SG&A is expected to increase by around 1% to 2%, reflecting increased investments in team members and technology, offset by continued strong results from the transformational cost management program. Turning next to the International segment. International had a very strong year in fiscal 22, and we expect continued robust growth in 2023. However, the strong dollar will negatively impact reported results and represent a headwind to sales and adjusted operating income of around 11% to 12%. Sales are projected to grow 5% to 7% on a constant currency basis with all markets growing. Specifically, we expect the UK to grow 6% and Germany will grow 4%. We expect adjusted operating income of $830 million to $870 million with strong constant currency growth of 26% to 32%. This follows on from 65% growth in 2022. Sales growth, strong cost management discipline and integration-related benefits in Germany are the key drivers. Now, lets turn to U.S. Healthcare. We are very encouraged by our progress as we build out our next growth engine. We expect sales of around $5 billion, including a full year of contribution from prior acquisitions and pro forma sales growth of 45% to 55%. We are introducing an adjusted EBITDA metric for the U.S. Healthcare segment. And for fiscal 23, we expect an adjusted EBITDA loss of $220 million to $240 million. This is an improvement of $70 million to $90 million versus fiscal 22. We have moved past the fiscal 22 peak investment period, and the team is operating with agility and efficiency. And we have clear line of sight to positive adjusted EBITDA in fiscal 24. Lets now take a deeper look at the U.S. Healthcare projections. The U.S. Healthcare segment is scaling to $5 billion in sales, and pro forma sales growth of 45% to 55% reflects strong growth across all of our health care businesses. VillageMD sales are projected at $2.8 billion to $3 billion, growing 50% to 60% with the performance driven by growth in value-based patients at existing clinics and continued expansion of their clinic footprint. We anticipate pro forma growth of 20% to 30% at CareCentrix, reaching sales of over $1.4 billion in fiscal 23. This performance reflects growth across existing and new payer and provider customers and upsell of innovative new home services. Shields is expected to drive pro forma sales growth of 30% to 40% through new health system partners and an expanding value proposition at existing customers. Given the relatively early stage of development, we expect the Walgreens Health organic business to deliver a modest sales contribution of $120 million to $150 million. Let me now walk you through some of the key corporate assumptions. Our tax rate is expected to be around 16% in fiscal 23, roughly 50 basis points higher than prior year. However, we do anticipate an increase to around 20% in fiscal 24, largely consistent with our previous expectations. This step-up will be driven by higher tax rates in the UK and Switzerland, and a greater percentage of income from U.S.-based businesses. Interest expense is expected to increase by $100 million due largely to higher interest rates. Our fiscal 23 guidance assumes only anti-dilutive share repurchase activity as our near-term capital allocation priorities will be primarily focused on growth investments and debt paydown. However, beyond 23, we do expect to have flexibility for a sizable new program. Please note that our fiscal 23 guidance does not assume any acquisitions or divestitures. And finally, corporate costs will decline slightly as we tightly manage central costs. While we are not providing quarterly EPS guidance, we see a more balanced cadence between the first and second half compared to current consensus, which appears more first half weighted. In the first half, we will be lapping strong COVID-19 execution and record retail comps. The second half of the year will reflect the pace and timing of script volume recovery and reduced U.S. Healthcare losses as the segment scales up. Let me now turn to our long-term outlook. Looking beyond 23, we are reconfirming our long-term growth algorithm with mid- to high-single-digit adjusted EPS growth in 24 and building to low-teens growth in 2025. Additionally, I would highlight that 2024 includes a more modest headwind from COVID-19 and the impact of a higher tax rate. Our transformation to a healthcare company will drive accelerated earnings growth as the faster growth and higher-margin U.S. Healthcare business reaches scale. We expect U.S. Healthcare to contribute over half of the annual adjusted EPS growth over the long term, while we continue to assume moderate growth from the core business and increased returns from capital deployment as we exit 23 with improved credit metrics. Looking now at our capital allocation priorities. First, we will continue to prioritize organic investment in our resilient core business, and this will drive consistent returns and fast payback. Second, we will prioritize M&A that advances our healthcare ambitions, evaluating all opportunities through a rigorous strategic and financial lens. We intend to further simplify our portfolio to unlock value, and this provides significant flexibility as we execute on our transformation. Third, balance sheet strength is a key focus area for us. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. Finally, we will return excess capital to shareholders, including a growing dividend. Beyond fiscal 23, we have potential capacity to resume sizable share repurchases. Given the rising importance of U.S. Healthcare, I would like to provide increased clarity on the segment goals over the next three years. With our solid execution to date and greater visibility ahead, we are increasing our fiscal 25 sales goal from $9 billion to $10 billion previously to $11 billion to $12 billion, and representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 50% on a pro forma basis. VillageMD is the largest contributor with growth achieved as existing clinics mature and realize more attractive economics and through ongoing expansion of VillageMDs clinic footprint. We expect continued strong sales growth at Shields, benefiting from rapid growth in the broader specialty pharmacy market and their unique focus on health system enablement. CareCentrix sales will be driven by increased demand to better manage the needs of patients with complex or chronic conditions as they transition out of the hospital and into other post-acute settings, including the home. Finally, we expect the Walgreens Health organic business to scale rapidly as we add new payer and provider partners and increasingly move to value-based and delegated risk arrangements. We expect the Walgreens Health organic business to contribute over $1 billion in sales by 2025. Moving now to our EBITDA projections for U.S. Healthcare. We have a clear path to profitability by fiscal year 2024, building to a target of mid-teens adjusted EBITDA margin. We are projecting adjusted EBITDA of $125 million to $225 million in 24, rising to $500 million to $700 million in 2025. We are confident in this trajectory with several factors expected to drive significant profit growth. Achieving scale across the portfolio is critical as it enhances our ability to cover central overheads and platform investments, including technology. As you have seen earlier, sales will scale from $5 billion in fiscal 23 to $7 billion to $8 billion in 24 and $11 billion to $12 billion by 2025. Our maturing VillageMD clinic profile is a significant tailwind as a greater percentage of clinics reach positive contribution margin. As a reminder, this typically occurs in year three on a seven-year glide path to very attractive at-scale economics. Within the Walgreens Health organic business, we continue to have productive discussions with existing and prospective payer partners around a shift to risk arrangements. And our margin-accretive Shields business is projected to continue to grow strongly. On top of all this, the U.S. Healthcare team has identified sizable synergy opportunities across our various healthcare assets. And they are operating with speed and agility and driving operating efficiencies on a clear path to profitability. Let me now wrap up the guidance section. I would like to leave you with three key takeaways as to why we are excited about the near-term and long-term outlook for WBA. First, we expect to drive positive core business momentum in fiscal 23 as we lap strong COVID-19 execution in 2022. The U.S. Healthcare segment is rapidly approaching positive adjusted EBITDA. The business continues to scale. And we have raised our 2025 sales outlook to $11 billion to $12 billion, representing a compound annual growth rate of roughly 50%. Finally, we remain confident in our long-term growth algorithm, and we are reconfirming our goal of low-teens EPS growth. We are committed to our vision and strategy, and we have and will take action to simplify the business and unlock shareholder value. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, James. Now, were going to turn the page and offer more insights into our U.S. Healthcare segment. As I mentioned earlier, were very happy to have John Driscoll, joining us as our President of U.S. Healthcare. John is an outstanding entrepreneur, who has partnered closely with us for some time now in his role as CEO of CareCentrix. Hes an incredibly knowledgeable thought leader in healthcare and has become a confidant and a friend as we work side-by-side during our three-year planning process. I am certain he will be able to hit the ground running overseeing this vitally important part of our business and building on our strong momentum. John, welcome once again. And now, Ill turn it over to you.
John Driscoll: Thank you, Roz. I have spent my career leading initiatives to reimagine and reinvent healthcare solutions that improve outcomes, lower costs and meet patients where they are. Im delighted to join you today as the President of U.S. Healthcare. I believe that Walgreens is uniquely positioned with its pharmacy backbone as well as the quality of the assets and teams that we have invested in to start the journey at scale to help health plans and patients lower costs and improve outcomes. Building on our strong foundation in retail and specialty pharmacy, our U.S. Healthcare business expands WBA into significantly larger and faster growing profit pools. Were gaining access to $135 billion in addressable EBITDA profit pools versus $41 billion today. We focus on market segments that are natural extensions of the pharmacy that create value for our payer and provider partners and again meet consumers where they are. Im thrilled that WBA has invested in foundational, best-in-class assets with VillageMD, Shields and CareCentrix that together create a platform for us to drive growth in some of the most attractive healthcare markets. Primary care physicians are at the center of managing health and wellness of patients, and we have a market-leading business in VillageMD. As more care moves into the home in the community, we have a natural platform to meet that demand from plans and patients with CareCentrix. Specialty pharmacy is one of the fastest-growing segments in health care, and most specialty spend originates in health systems. We also have an industry-leading provider in health system, specialty pharma services in Shields. Simple convenient access to low acuity health care services is also key to managing the health of our consumers. Were starting to deliver population health services through our health corners to close care gaps and help our payer and provider partners expand their reach. In the end, scale is critical, but health care is local. Were creating a nationally scaled health care business, which will leverage our entire portfolio to deliver better care at lower costs. And by focusing our portfolio on these higher-growth markets, we will accelerate the return on our investment and our path to profitability in U.S. Healthcare. Today, most patients and their caregivers are overwhelmed as they try to manage across different health conditions, providers, appointments, bills and medications. They struggle with getting basic access to care and experience a lack of coordination across their health needs. Our consumer-centric tech-enabled model will provide care across the full continuum, bringing together products and services across our portfolio. We see significant opportunities for synergies, allowing us to pursue value-based care and risk arrangements, which will demonstrate the value of an integrated approach. Our focus is on expanding our risk business, supporting integrated care, expanding our pharmacy value proposition and driving operational efficiency. Over the past year, weve made strategic investments to rapidly expand the breadth and depth of our portfolio. Bringing together our current individual assets, which are increasingly working together, our U.S. Healthcare segment now covers over 26 million lives, cared for through a network of over 12,000 providers in communities across all 50 states. While the Retail Pharmacy is not part of our U.S. Healthcare segment, it serves as the bedrock of our health care portfolio. We have deep community ties, and demand for healthcare services in our stores has never been higher. And its not just consumers looking to Walgreens for help with healthcare. Federal, state and local jurisdictions are increasingly looking to partner with us because we are close to patients, and they know they can count on us to deliver high-quality services that are absolutely critical. Our pharmacy serves 96 million patients through a team of 90,000 care providers. We administered 48 million total vaccines in fiscal year 22. And importantly, almost half of our pharmacies are in high need underserved areas, where we can drive health and vaccine equity. Our front-end business is increasingly relevant to health and wellness as weve seen with the sale of COVID OTC tests as well as our trusted selection of OTC medications. Both the retail and pharmacy businesses are serving the consumer across channels. We drove 117 million visits to the Walgreens app last year. Lastly, our stores are anchor access points to serve consumers through our Walgreens Health business, which now covers more than 2.3 million lives through three health plan partners. Health advisers in our stores conducted over 200,000 interactions with consumers to tend to their health care needs. Being lost in the wilderness of health care is a big challenge for patients and families. Walgreens Health is perfectly positioned to help consumers navigate what can be a bewildering experience in U.S. Healthcare. Now, lets turn to VillageMD. Village is a leading asset in the field of risk-taking primary care. Village is uniquely positioned as one of the largest primary care providers in the U.S. We can now leverage the combined power of the Walgreens stores and our trusted brand with primary care. VillageMD providers touched the lives of over 1.6 million patients, covering over 430,000 value-based patients through over 340 clinics in 22 markets. 152 clinics are co-located with Walgreens stores, half of which are in underserved areas. VillageMD has achieved a Medicare STARS rating of 4.0 to 5.0 in their mature markets. It generates material Medicare Advantage cost savings of $2,400 per patient per year. We are also very proud to say that we serve patients across all socioeconomic statuses and are truly payer-agnostic. VillageMD is one of the leaders in the move to value-based care. The move to value is increasing and inevitable, and we expect very attractive growth ahead. There are a number of companies directly or indirectly competing in the value-based primary care marketplace, but VillageMD is differentiated by a faster path to favorable economics, driven by our acceptance of all patient populations and all payer types. We have a unique ability to address all of the ecosystems pain points at scale. VillageMDs payer-agnostic model has enabled us to secure value-based contracts with every major national health plan as well as many of the local and regional health plans in the markets we serve. Our integrated primary care and pharmacy model has driven strong results, especially in combating chronic disease in the Medicare population. 23% of VillageMDs Medicare patients are on at least 10 medications, making pharmacists critical members of the care teams. And moving forward, we see opportunity for commercial and care delivery synergies with CareCentrix. Now, let me talk about Shields Health Solutions. Shields is not a traditional specialty pharmacy but instead represents an evolution to the model. Shields participates in the specialty pharmacy space by building and accelerating hospital-owned specialty pharmacy programs that are integrated with care providers at the point of care. The idea is simple. 75% of specialty prescriptions in the U.S. originate in a health system, yet those hospitals retain only 10% of those prescriptions. Shields mission is to help the health system close that gap by driving a 5 to 7 times higher capture rate of specialty prescriptions for our partners. Today, our network of more than 75 health system partners represents more than 1,000 hospitals nationwide. Our partners include well-known health systems such as UMass Memorial, New York Presbyterian, Ohio State University and UCHealth. Our health system enablement model has three core components: first, an integrated clinical model between the pharmacy team and the patient care team; second, centralized infrastructure to remove administrative burdens; and third, proprietary software for end-to-end workflow and operations. Shields benefits the health system, the patient and Walgreens. We expect this business will continue to yield strong top line growth at accretive margins, while also providing a balanced approach to the traditional contract pharmacy model. The Shields high-touch model is highly effective, resulting in nearly a 40% reduction in readmission rates. Shields creates strong value for every participant in the ecosystem and is well ahead of key market averages. For patients, the need to get on therapy as soon as possible is critical. We get them on therapy in 2 days versus a market average of 21. Affordability is also critical for patients. The Shields team can help achieve an average co-pay of $8 versus an industry average of more than $100. As I mentioned before, Shields drives a superior specialty capture rate at up to 70% versus the market average of under 10%. Shields ultimately reduces the total cost of care by about 13% compared to market averages. Finally, let me turn to CareCentrix as the only nonpayer owned post-acute and home services platform. CareCentrix will help us extend Walgreens pharmacy network and services to the home. CareCentrix provides national scale, care coordination and actuarial capabilities along with a deep focus on the customer experience. We cover 19 million lives across the network of 7,500 home supplier locations. In 2022, we will coordinate nearly 6 million home-based services. CareCentrix has externally validated results showing the total cost of care reductions of up to 20% delivered with member satisfaction results routinely exceeding 90%, and we are already working to integrate CareCentrix across our business, including VillageMD and Shields. For example, together with VillageMD, after a hospital discharge, CareCentrix will be able to immediately refer a member to a primary care physician when needed and even schedule an appointment for follow-up care. Analysis has shown that this rapid action can reduce hospital readmission rates by 20%. Collaboration with Walgreens pharmacists can increase the number of successful medication reconciliations after a hospital discharge by 15% to 20%. When done right, these not only lower care costs but also improve a health plans stars rating to drive sales growth, creating a very attractive value proposition. Relative to the competition, CareCentrix is highly differentiated. Not only are we a payer agnostic provider of home and post-acute services, but our network-based model provides national reach today with an ability to easily scale. We have the most experience with over 25 years in managing home-based care as well as the broadest portfolio of home and post-acute services, including home health, durable medical equipment, home infusion, home-based palliative and hospice care and post-acute and readmissions management. This home-focused platform simplifies the coordination of home services for the members, health plans and hospitals. Over time, the platform can also easily expand to include other types of home services. Not only does CareCentrix manage the broadest set of home services, but we also manage all lines of business, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, commercial and marketplace exchange. Let me close today by emphasizing my excitement to be joining WBA at this key moment of transformation for our company and for the U.S. healthcare system. WBA has the right assets, the right team and the right strategy. We are already providing care delivery across the healthcare continuum and driving consumer engagement through our platform. Thank you. And let me hand it back to Roz for closing remarks.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, John, and thanks to everyone for joining us for todays extended call. Before we kick off Q&A, let me sum up what youve heard. Fiscal 22 was a year of broad-based outperformance against our expectations. We are well positioned to drive continued execution through our resilient core business and by scaling our winning assets. We see a clear path for U.S. healthcare to achieve profitability starting in fiscal year 24, and were already raising long-term sales targets. At the same time, we are investing in talent and capabilities and rapidly simplifying the portfolio as part of our transformation to a healthcare company. We have good visibility to tremendous growth with best-in-class assets that we have in place today. This builds my confidence that our strategic priorities are working to drive our long-term growth algorithm. In closing, we are pleased with this years performance. We are tackling the challenges that next year poses, and we have conviction in the development of our new U.S. Healthcare business and our future growth potential. Now, Id like to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Thank you for all the details. And John, I have to personally say Im very excited that youre back on the public side of the market. So, let me start there. When we think about all the comments that you made around Walgreens Health, I just really want to understand a couple of things. One, when we think about the more than 2 million lives that youre talking about today, when I try to look back and I look at some of the other comments you made around at-risk lives at VillageMD, can you maybe just talk about how we think about those 2.3 million lives, how do you monetize those lives? Is this shifting towards value-based arrangements? And then secondly, I know James talked about 2025 and the increase in getting the profitability in that segment. How do we think about the longer-term profitability of Walgreens Health?
Roz Brewer: Hi Lisa, this is Roz. Ill start that off, and James and I and John might fill in a few little pieces here. You asked a question about value-based arrangements. So, the assets that we have right now, I will talk about a little bit on the Village side. Village has a large amount of their current business that is in a value-based arrangement. And youll see that even more of that will grow over time. That is our objective. And then, to think about how we tie our assets together, I want to just talk a little bit about the grounding of what we have in that relationship between the pharmacists and the primary care physician because thats the real key for us in terms of what we do inside our stores and taking that relationship that we have between our current customer and the patient that comes into a VillageMD and bring those two relationships together between the pharmacist and the primary care physician. When you think about value-based care, John, do you want to say a few words about that?
John Driscoll: I think -- and Lisa, thank you for those kind words. Its great to be on this side again. Im really going to underscore the fact that I think this is an amazing platform. With regard to the contracted lives, were starting with contracting with health plans that are really enthusiastic about partnering with Walgreens around closing care gaps and working on screenings and really integrating more into the healthcare system. Over time, you will see us work more closely with those plans on shifting to risk. Its a natural baseline, and weve obviously got some great assets with VillageMD and CareCentrix to accelerate that transformation over time. But right now for those 2 million lives, its really initial contracting around leveraging the pharmacies to close care gaps and screenings.
James Kehoe: Yes. And Lisa, we -- you asked about the long-term margins. Weve given a long-term target of mid-teens, and thats probably even a little bit on the conservative side. And as youve seen, weve started flipping the metric to EBITDA to emphasize that weve already passed the peak of heavy investments. And I think as you look out over the coming years, I think we will -- we have Shields which is immediately profitable, and were not breaking out by unit, but its at least $100 million profit in the fiscal 22. And that is growing like gangbusters. Weve given you the revenue growth. And you can probably assume that the profit growth in that business will outpace the revenue growth as it scales. And CareCentrix is a new acquisition. I think you can make your own estimates. I think weve said in the past its like mid- to high-single-digit margins. And weve given you a revenue number. Weve given you a growth number. So, thats pretty easy. I think the one we -- youre probably struggling with a bit is VillageMD. Weve been quite clear on this one that thats in investment phase, and we actually accelerated the investments in 2022. So, instead of 160 clinics in calendar 22, weve gone to 200. So, were actually doing the smart thing. Were doubling down. This is a scale business. The unique part of, as John said about the model is, this is not an Oak Street. This is a model that breaks even in year three. So opening clinics for us, yes, it will be painful in the first two years, but then the returns are outsized because we get a very rapid payback, so. But realistically, if you plot out the number of clinics, it will be fiscal 25 before were EBITDA breakeven and the same goes for the organic business. And just to add on to what John said is there is a lot of excitement amongst the partners we have been discussing with. We do expect to take delegated risk in probably in the near-term, so 6 to 12 months kind of time frame. So, were very excited by it. And weve called up the revenue guidance as -- and that is basically just coming from better visibility as we went through all the business reviews in the three-year plan. And were very excited by the signal thats sending and for strong operational plans behind each one of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I had a couple of questions about sort of just like cash flow. In terms of the debt paydown, can you talk about like how much are you sort of thinking about sort of mandatory versus voluntary paydown over the next couple of years? And then on M&As, I think it was very helpful to hear, obviously, the Walgreens Health outlook. I just wanted to see if there were any other additional assets you felt like you needed. I think at sometimes about maybe a healthcare IT asset there. So, I just wanted to understand how that fits in your current mix of thinking? And then, any other one-off sort of cash flow items, like opioids or anything that might change going forward?
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Elizabeth, for that question. Let me start off by first saying that, first of all, weve moved past our most significant M&A period in FY22. Were past our peak investment period at this point. So, were pleased with the assets that we have. But we remain committed to our prior conversation that probably our next asset will look something like a tech asset. But I will also mention though, too, outside of that, we would seek something that is currently achieving EBITDA as we look forward in terms of where we would invest. But in terms of what we would do next is looking to really carefully tether these assets together. And it lends us to look in the technology space. James, do you want to go through the cash flow and debt paydown?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think on the debt paydown, I think weve got exiting the year of $12 billion of debt. Well, we also have a lease liability of $24 billion. So, I think you can do the calculation yourself. Our target is 3.75 debt to EBITDA for Moodys and 4 times for S&P, and were currently running above those levels, and we have taken commitments with the agencies to get them below these levels. So, Im not giving an absolute number. What I would point out, though, is the tremendous flexibility we have in our portfolio. We have a lot of assets, and a fair portion of them are liquid. So, it gets back to your M&A question. Should we need to do M&A more likely to be EBITDA accretive? And then secondly is we have a lot of firepower to do EBITDA because we have a lot of assets that are not necessarily very close to the core. So, we feel like were in a fairly good position. But your question is the right one. We will, in the short term, focus on internal and actually potentially some M&A but not very large. We will focus on investment in the business and debt paydown. And then, as you look forward beyond 23, weve put it in the materials, our cash flow generation improved substantially when we get into 23 and 24 as healthcare investments taper off and it turns profitable. At that stage, we probably have fairly significant capacity to return capital to shareholders. But a lot can happen between now and 2024.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. So, in the U.S., you mentioned that the comp script growth ex immunizations was flat year-over-year in the fiscal fourth quarter. You mentioned they should start to recover in fiscal 23, and you talked about the labor investment starting to pay off. But I guess with that, I wasnt quite clear whether the labor investments are the key variable in your U.S. growth recovery in fiscal 23 or if other factors are more important. So, I guess, I was hoping to just get more color on the expected U.S. script growth recovery in fiscal 23.
James Kehoe: Yes. We think well have -- I think Id almost take it up a level up on to the pharmacy business. We actually see pharmacy growing next year. So, you take out the impact of COVID, and were expecting a very strong performance across pharmacy. And theres a couple of factors. So, number one is scripts. So, you asked the number one question, and we expect script growth of about 5%, which is well above what were currently doing. We expect an acceleration as we go through the year. And that directly answered your question. We expect 50% to come from either the labor investments, our fairly sizable marketing investments were making on customer retention and regaining lost customers because, frankly, we lost customers during our over-focus on COVID, and now weve got to win them back. So the short answer is were investing in people, and were investing in marketing and were investing in attracting and winning back the patients that we lost. But, if you look at the bigger picture, so a 5% script growth that generates significant profit growth. And obviously, it is ahead of us. The other factor is reimbursement. This is quite an unusual year because we have 95% of the contracts closed. So, we have extremely high visibility to the actually reimbursement number, so 95% closed. And this is -- some of our contracts are in the second year. So, this is a stepdown year. So, the reimbursement in 2024 is around 80% to 85% of the reimbursement -- sorry, in 23 is 80% to 85% of the reimbursement level in 22. So, were getting a favorable, call it, net margin compared to what a typical year would look like. The third one is we have pharmacy services. So obviously, as weve gone through COVID, weve developed new capabilities, and theres lots of states opening up the ability of pharmacists to do more activity. So our pharmacy services business is growing quite strongly. So theres three things: script growth, which is big investments to drive script; and two is its an easier than norm reimbursement net of procurement here; and then, the third one is a fast-growing pharmacy services business. So, we have a fairly strong plan for the pharmacy business for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Just wanted to follow up. As we think about the macro environment and we are potentially moving into sort of recessionary environment. Can you talk about sort of what you guys are planning I your assumptions in the guidance, particularly for this next fiscal year and maybe beyond to kind of basically get ahead of a potential slowdown in the economy?
James Kehoe: Yes. Maybe Ill just give you some of the impacts that are already assumed in the P&L. And weve essentially planned for a moderate recession, but there are significant impacts in the income statement. Weve got about $0.08 or $0.10 of higher interest cost. Weve got lower pension returns in the UK, thats like $0.04. And the labor investments weve talked about are not necessarily directly a recession impact, but we have a very high level of inflation planned in the income statement. So I think the total inflation impact in the U.S. income statement is probably, I guess, $700 million. And we have a significant cost program in the U.S., the TCM program offsetting that, right? And then the other thing is that we do have -- still have some assumptions on supply chain and inflation. I see that a little bit as of an opportunity. We see China becoming less difficult right now and shipments are coming out way faster. And I think theres a bit of a release in the system. The latest inflation numbers are not particularly encouraging, but weve planned the inflation side of the envelope quite in a detailed way. I think your real question is about how do you offset it. And maybe Ill flip to the retail side of the business, right? So, I think you have to look at track record as you look forward into our plans. And the track record of the U.S. front of store business in 22 was we grew overall volume at -- sorry, comp revenue at 6%, of which about 3 points came from OTC test but still a strong 3% across the business for the year, and we increased margins at the same time. So, we could walk and chew gum, right? So, the margins went up. Despite all of the inflation, supply chain, the confusion around COVID and the stress on the stores, we still delivered this kind of performance. So, looking forward, we have planned for inflation. But our offsets are coming from a lot of the levers we pulled in the current year. One is, we are assuming next year a comp growth of about 2% to 3%. So, were not expecting a deceleration versus the previous year, were expecting repeat what we did in the base here. Two is we have a lot of marketing levers. Its not just the omnichannel and digital investments that weve been making over the last two years. Theres a customer value transformation program that has delivered significant margin enhancement in the -- in 2022. And that will continue into 2023. And the big one is owned brands. We didnt get entirely to the targets we expected in 22. So actually, we see owned brands being an even bigger lever going into 23 and 24 So, owned brand assortment -- and that will drive tremendous mix. We have strong owned brand positions in some of the health and wellness categories. But have we covered them all? No. Should we be covering them? Yes. And are they very profitable? Yes. So, weve got a lot of plans, more of the same and more on top again while were very excited by front of store.
Charles Rhyee: Can I just follow up and ask on the owned brand? Is that tied also to shipments coming from China being -- coming in quicker? Is that part of what will help accelerate owned brands in the front end?
James Kehoe: No, we actually did pretty good in fiscal 22 on availability in the stores. It wasnt in line with prior levels. But I think if the prior years were at 96 or 98, I think we were up 92 or 90, right? So not dramatically different. So I think the supply chain guys here did a really good job on getting stock in. Seasonal was not great in the current year. We missed some of the seasonal. But the core health and wellness products, we generally have stock across the stores. And thats one of the opportunities we have in the current fiscal year is supply has released -- freed up from China. So seasonal -- all the seasonal holidays will be better than they were in 22.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities.
Ann Hynes: So, my question really has to do with the previous question. Because what really stuck out to me when I saw the guidance for retail, especially the adjusted operating income is for 10% to 11% growth ex COVID, which is, in my sector, one of the probably highest operating growth for next year. So -- and I know you have a lot of confidence in getting the market share back. Maybe can we look at it in a different way? Like when you look at your guidance, what do you worry about most? What would be the risk for the downside? Are you not achieving it? And can we also talk about international. Youre assuming international growth. And sitting here in the U.S., we see a lot of headlines that theyre going into a recession. So maybe if you can give a little bit more details on what would be the drivers of growth over there. Thanks.
James Kehoe: Maybe Id take it a different way, though. Ill take it, whats the core EPS growth? And its -- Ill take a midpoint of around $0.55 and just break it out by business. And we have $0.03 coming from Healthcare, so not a lot. We have very strong plans behind it. All the acquisitions have been closed. And I would say, if I had to take the Healthcare business, I would say its slightly skewed to opportunity. The team there has been shifting to more of a private equity cost-optimized rollout of all of the businesses. And we probably have opportunity on the amount of costs were putting in upfront. So, I would say Healthcare at $0.03 is done with probably some opportunity. International, we expect the contribution. And this is a midpoint of estimates, about $0.14. And I dont think its a crazy number, given that weve put out there 5% to 7% growth in sales. And you just got to look at the most recent performance. Were doing a 6% growth in both, the UK and -- in the current environment in the UK, and were doing a 6% in Germany. And the plan for next year is to do a 6% and a 4%. So, were not counting on improved circumstances. And I would argue the UK is already in the depths of a pretty challenging environment. Whats happening in the UK is -- and this has happened over the last 12 to 18 months, a lot of high street retailers went past, and we won all the market share. And these are very profitable categories. So in front, the -- basically the retail business, were in a very, very and much stronger position than pre COVID. And then, two is weve completely shifted the business model in the U.K. on to online. So, we have doubled the penetration that we had pre COVID. So, its a completely different business with a different set of strengths. So, we believe international should be able to grow revenue at 5% to 7%. Thats what were doing in the most recent quarters. So theres no reason to say it would get materially worse. The other differentiating factor is the cost management across international has been very, very aggressive. We have really downsized the stores. It includes the opticians business, the mainstream business. And Germany, we had an integration of two businesses last year and the synergies are way ahead of plan, and it turned out to be a very smart combination. And we own 100% of the business now. So, were getting all the benefits of the synergies. So, I think that $0.14 is pretty safe. So, you basically come down to talking about the U.S. business, which is $0.38. And just for transparency, I will give you the numbers by business. $0.45 comes from pharmacy, $0.48 from retail and a negative $0.55 from SG&A. So, this is the precision, which were prepared to give the guidance. And we walked through a little bit -- and I do want to emphasize, dont worry about the international and the healthcare. This is a discussion around just dimensions in the U.S. The Rx, we discussed the $0.45; retail, 48%; the SG&A, $0.55. We have a very -- we have an investment focused plan. We have $0.40 of labor investments, either minimum wage or in the pharmacy. The pharmacy investments at $0.24 generate a return on investment through scripts. We have incremental marketing on pharmacy. Its probably $0.04, I think it is. Thats generating a return on investment. We have other investments of roughly $0.55. Thats over $0.5 billion in systems capabilities, omnichannel, digital. So, were continuing to invest, and thats whats driving the top line. We have -- we mentioned the inflation number. But TCM in the U.S., thats the transformational cost management, thats $650 million of savings in one year. Plus, the business is saving another, I think, $300 million. So, were taking out to fund all these investments. Were taking out almost $1 billion of cost, which is -- its a massive number. And were being deliberately transparent on this, to make you understand, we know what were doing when were giving this guidance. And I think your question is on risk. I think the number one risk is we have the plans and theyre very detailed, and the money is in the income statement. The question is how quickly will we get back the scripts in the pharmacy business. Were not concerned about reimbursement. Were not concerned about procurement savings. The only risk we see is on Rx scripts in the U.S. And its orders of magnitude. You can figure out for yourself how much 1% of growth is worth. Its not the end of the world. That just brings you to the bottom end of your guidance, or it brings you to the midpoint. It depends on where the Street comes out. On the flip side, there could be a deeper recession. Well, we think our business is differentiated against mainstream retailers. Im talking in front of store for a minute that were not in the same high ticket categories where we have smaller baskets. When gas prices are high, people dont travel as much to a Walmart, they go to a Walgreens, right? So, we have -- and we have an intense focus on building a much, much bigger owned label business. And we intend to -- we dont say were insulated but were far more insulated than some of the other peers out there. If you then flip to the opposite side on opportunities, I think I personally think, and Im not sure I can convince all my compatriots all the time. I think we have more opportunity on the cost side. And I think thats the job we have to do. We will develop contingency plans on the cost side such that we will offset any risk in the income statement. Roz mentioned it earlier. The deployment of capital, could we do smaller acquisitions that are immediately EBITDA accretive? Yes, probably. So, that becomes an opportunity. So, Im thinking cost plus capital deployment offset Rx volume. Thats the simple sum-up. I dont know, Roz, how you would characterize it?
Roz Brewer: I think you said it well. The one thing I would add is I dont want to overlook the investments that were making in our fulfillment centers. Thats a capital investment. And the intention with those eight centers that we have currently thats supporting 1,800 of our stores, our goal is to take about 50% of the scripts out of the store, put them in a central fill location and feed those back to the store. So, when you see these investments, its not only investment in the labor piece. Its also an investment for better jobs for our pharmacists, so they can lift up and consult, and then also we get better throughput in the stores. And so, thats part of this equation, to return the script count is that you have better service at the same time, and were reducing costs by bringing in the fulfillment centers. And its one of those things thats in the backdrop of our business but really strengthens our operating model inside the stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: James, I guess, I have a couple of questions related to the portfolio and then a housekeeping question. So, I guess as you guys talk about continuing to streamline the portfolio. Is it safe to assume that we should continue to see moves like you guys have made with the minority investments in other public companies? And I dont know if youre willing to talk about timing on that. The flip side of that is, given that strategy, does it make sense to fully consolidate and buy out the remaining interest in VillageMD given the growth profile there? And I wanted to ask the housekeeping question of do you guys have a prearranged purchase price for the balance there. And then, I have a quick housekeeping follow-up, if you dont mind.
Roz Brewer: Sure. George, thanks for that question. So, let me talk a little bit about our M&A position. I think one of the things to think about, too, is the work that we did around our Boots strategic position this year as well. So, when we look at our portfolio, its broad. And what James mentioned earlier is that we have a repository of cash that we could access. And youve seen us do that with the work that we did with ABC. We did that work also with our arrangement with Option Care. So, our whole objective here is to simplify our portfolio. Thats most important for us is to simplify. And then, when you see us strategically invest, its about our healthcare growth. And so, well be very deliberate about that and send that through a strategic funnel as we think about what we do next. To talk a little bit about our work with Boots, we went through a confidential process. We achieved a high level of interest, about 8 to 10 interested parties. And we were really encouraged. There were productive discussions with a wide range of individuals. And the markets turned on us and we went in another direction and decided to hold on to that asset. And you can see their performance, as we finished, fiscal year 22 was strong. And so, were going to continue to work there in Boots and keep it strong until we make a decision there. So, thats one piece to think about. And then, again, just going back to look at the work that weve already done, well engage Village, our CareCentrix team and Shields. And with Village, we dont have a number out there that weve settled on in terms of a preconceived number, and then weve not made any plans with Village to go any further at this point. But, the work were doing with them right now is very strong. Its probably the center of our healthcare work for us. And so, were excited about it, and its going well.
James Kehoe: Yes. So I think just -- maybe add in a little bit on the portfolio. We cant say anything about any of our future actions. But I think you should listen to what Roz said that we are -- were very, very focused on simplifying the company because its too complex for investors. And then, the second piece is, we are focused on our debt and returning value to shareholders. So, we will be in cleanup mode for the foreseeable future.
George Hill: Thats great. And maybe just a point of clarification, I wanted to follow up on Steves question. When you talked about reimbursement being 80% to 85% of 2023, is that what we should assume kind of a like-for-like reimbursement reduction looks like to basically call it down 15%?
James Kehoe: Yes. What all I mean is if you look at absolute in the income statement in 2022, the 23 number is about 80% to 85% lower just because certain of the contracts are on a year or two of the contract. And then -- but the most important factor is we have 95% of the contracts closed. So, the volatility in the guidance is reduced, right? So -- because thats what it all is. Its all about volatility. And we got the question on ops and risk. The only thing we theoretically can control, we can influence very heavily, is Rx scripts. But the reimbursement rate is not a large concern going into the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America.
Michael Cherny: Maybe James, to pick up on that last comment and some of the commentaries you made around the control of regaining some of that script capture. As you think about the push and pull you have on trying to get some of the scripts that were lost due to the staffing dynamics, can you go a little more granular into some of the specific dynamics that youre pulling forward to? How much of it is consumer-oriented versus payer-oriented in terms of that outreach? And in the past, especially when theres been times of script loss, I know it was before a lot of managements time, but thinking back to the Express Scripts dispute from a decade or so ago, what were some of the activities that worked in order to make sure that you recapture the script growth that you were targeting?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think its actually quite scientific. If you take the labor investments, we have each of the stores tracked, and its startling what the result is. The stores that dont have a labor hour restriction are growing scripts 3%, and the stores that have the labor restrictions are down 3%. Thats actually a delta of 6%. So, store by store, you put in the labor that you dont just switch it on straight away. Youve got a playbook. They got to start calling patients. So, theres a big physical element to this, and theres a training and playbook element. The other part is the marketing team has defined programs on outreach to all of the patients. Weve got to first figure out which ones we lost by store because it makes no sense to contact the patient if that store hasnt been soft, right? So you first got to put the labor back, then you got to do the outreach. And as I said, weve built in, I think, $45 million of marketing -- incremental marketing dollars in pharmacy on this consumer engagement. So, its very data-driven. Its very, very focused. But ultimately, its quite complex because you got to reach the consumer and theyve lapsed and youve got to convince them to come back and that the -- and our service level in the overall store has gone up. I dont know, Rick, do you want to maybe add some light to that?
Rick Gates: Yes. I think its the right question. I think as you look at the -- our ability in the marketing space, its very much advanced from where it was back in the days of Express Scripts and all the stuff you referenced. And if you look at our ability on the mass personalization side of it and really understanding the dynamics of where consumers are, how do we actually meet them where they are and understanding how to win them back. Its not just a win back. Its also trying to engage them in a different way to really get them to leverage our stores for more than just scripts or services and other types of things that were doing as well. So I think what youll see is a very focused approach on how we leverage our marketing dollars to really have a bigger impact than we would have in the mass personalization -- or the broad-based marketing campaigns we may have had in the past.
Michael Cherny: So, if I may ask a quick follow-up along those lines relative to those marketing campaigns. What precisely are you doing? I know theres been a dynamic in place when someone leaves, its really hard to pull them back out. And if there are scenarios where -- because theyre disappointed that the hours didnt work, whatever it means, how do you convince them really specifically to get back in the door?
Roz Brewer: So, theres a couple of access points that we have. It really lies in the space of the digital work that weve done over the past couple of years, and its mounting. We opened the conversation today and talked about that we had 102 million members right now coming through our Walgreens -- myWalgreens app. Those are customers that come into our stores in various ways. And then, we also are aware of what they purchase. So, a lot of this has to do with the data and analytics that were pulling together around the customer and speaking to them on a one-to-one basis, and then we can reach back out to them and then engage -- reengage them back into the process. So, we can track script loss, we can track their activity in the store, and we put that information together and then tie them back into that actual physical location that they had their script at in the past. So, thats the work that were doing and the marketing dollars that come behind this are not the traditional marketing dollars from years past. This is primarily a digital plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: James, the dividend payout ratio is really, really high this year. I think we can calculate it at something like 75%. Youve talked about growing the dividend. Thats certainly a goal, remaining investment grade and having the cash flow improve dramatically next year. And I guess I want to sort of understand is the cash flow improvement going to come from lower CapEx? Is it better cash flow conversion? Like, I noticed your ratio to net income was really low in fiscal 22. And at what point -- like whats the right payout ratio for Walgreens given now its an accelerated growth story, how should we think about that in the context of all the moving parts around investment spend and potential M&A and everything else?
James Kehoe: Yes. No, our cash flow this year, we were honestly a little disappointed how we finished the year. We probably came in a couple of hundred million lighter than we expected. We kind of mentioned it in the prepared comments, but its this thing. We have placed all the advanced orders to make sure on-shelf availability was even higher, and China opened up quicker than we expected. And we ended up with some excesses. But that will completely work itself out of the system over the next few months. We have specifically, I think -- I dont get this. I think weve got $700 million roughly of working capital initiatives next year. We had some delays on Nucleus this year, and theyre going to just be pushed into next year. So, we are counting on around $700 million of working capital initiatives next year. But, I think the cash flow will improve next year, but we are actually going to be increasing our capital investment. So, dont expect next year to get back to the run rate because we will be probably -- our typical CapEx spend over a multiyear period was $1.4 billion, this year is $1.7 billion or something. Next year will be higher. It will be -- we have many nuclear centers. Were scaling up on VillageMD. And we have compelling programs that will deliver long-term returns. I think you get into 24 and 25 and the CapEx will be -- sorry, the free cash flow will be substantially higher than current levels. And well work ourselves comfortably into any kind of acceptable payout ratio. Youre right. Were a little uncomfortable where the ratio is, but we have great visibility for the long-term ratio. So, were much less concerned than maybe some market participants about the absolute level of the dividend. You saw in the materials we just presented this morning, it remains growing the dividend is still one of our priorities. And in fact, we did highlight that when we look to 2024 and 2025, we didnt just mention the dividend, we said and there is the potential for a large potential for a large share repurchase program, but no decision has been taken on any share repurchase program. So, we -- this is -- I think what we said last October, were facing into a period of 24 months of investment to build out the U.S. Healthcare business, and the returns will be outsized and the working capital will -- sorry, the free cash flow will come back up to -- in the $3 billion to $4 billion type range in 24, 25, that kind of range. And well comfortably work ourselves into the -- an appropriate ratio for dividend. I dont know. Did that answer your question?
Kevin Caliendo: It does. Its really helpful to understand sort of how youre thinking about this and how we should think about it.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think we have a large -- and Id leave it on that. I think if you look at 24 and 25, we have a large opportunity on capital deployment. So, it is -- its either share repurchase, its M&A, and it just becomes a discussion on which one is more accretive and which one drives more shareholder value longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Thanks for all the detail. Just maybe ask about the retail a little bit more. You mentioned the forward buying youre doing ahead of the cough/cold and flu season. Does that suggest you have any particular view as to what this cough/cold and flu season is going to look like? I know also you got the scripts coming back in the U.S. Are you assuming any benefit on the front of store from that pickup in incremental scripts? And then, I would finally ask around this that you highlighted that youre still running below pre-pandemic levels in foot traffic in the UK. Do you think thats the new normal, or do you think that will, at some point, come back? And any comment about where the U.S. sits relative to pre-pandemic levels and whether youve pretty much normalized. I know you had an uptick in COVID, but just where are we at? Do you think were in a normalized front of store today at this point and going forward?
Roz Brewer: So, let me start this off. A lot of questions here on our predictions on COVID levels. Its hard to predict right now. We saw some recent comments this week about availability of vaccines at different age levels and taking that down. And then thats something that we hadnt forecasted in our thinking, and also, too, in terms of what we see in code-cough and flu. We know that people been -- theres been a flu spin out there. And we know that last year, people were wearing mask. And so after a while, your immunity can get hit pretty severely. So, Ive got Rick Gates here in the room. Im going to let him talk a little bit about what hes seeing out in the industry there and what were doing in terms of on-the-shelf products and those kinds of things. Rick?
Rick Gates: I think youre right, Roz. And just to add. I think as you look at fiscal year 23, were anticipating a back to normal seasonal flu, back to more of a pre-COVID pandemic. And so, I think what youre seeing in the southern hemisphere is going to really impact us here in the northern hemisphere. And so, I think whether its going to be seasonal scripts or its going to be OTC sales. I think thats all built into the plan based off of the expectations that we have. I think the COVID side of it is still the unknown, right? If you look at thoughts of annual boosters, how that ties together, but we are seeing a pretty strong uptick already in flu shots and those types of things early in the year, which is indicative, I think, of consumers really trying to protect themselves for what could be a pretty heavy flu season this year.
James Kehoe: Yes. And then, you had a question on the foot traffic. So, its a great question. In the UK, foot traffic is below pre pandemic, but the center of city plus travel locations continue to improve sequentially every quarter. So, there will be improvement over -- but I would say the recovery will not necessarily be absolute, and it will be over a multiyear period. The key question is how many people go back to the office. Central London is very, very driven. There are many people in train stations and many people are actually doing this office trip. And until -- and I dont think its realistic to assume that youre going to get 100% return to pre-COVID office behavior. So, the flip side of this is that we believe that well continue to capture the larger basket size because thats a behavioral shift that has changed and it hasnt been deteriorating and plus the shift to omnichannel. So, I would say that the store will never get back to exactly where it was before in the UK. but weve more than compensated by the omnichannel and the size of the online business. So, as I said before, were much, much stronger overall in the UK. And our shares -- our share -- the proof is in the share of market. Our share of market is already higher than COVID on a value basis. So, in one way or another, weve captured back the value thats in the UK market and more. And I think thats the ultimate test. I dont have three-year stacks in the U.S. on foot traffic.
Roz Brewer: I dont think we have.
James Kehoe: Yes. But I think it wasnt as dramatic in the UK. The drop was not as dramatic because our stores stayed open, and the UK -- sorry, in the U.S. In the UK, there were actually shutdowns of some of our stores in select locations. So the trough wasnt as deep in the U.S., and the recovery was much, much quicker in the U.S. But I dont think its entirely recovered to pre-COVID.
Roz Brewer: The only thing Id add to that is the uniqueness in the UK, the airport locations, if you look at just segmenting where our retail exists, airport locations had significant growth and continue to see that. Were seeing recovery in our convenience locations. And then, as James just mentioned, where we need to see some improved performances around our flagship stores and those stores that are on high street and some of the destination and health and beauty area. So, well continue to see the nice work that the UK team is doing in that business and watch things like theyre facing energy cost, and we just wonder if thats going to slow down traffic over a period of time. So, well keep -- were optimistic on the UK business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: Youve got Taji Phillips [ph] on for Brian. So, I just want to circle back to the issue around pharmacist labor and that driving softer scripts this quarter. Can you just talk about how the labor environment has trended throughout the year and the levers that you can pull to bring that SG&A impact down? And then, as a follow-up to that general topic, can you discuss the labor headwinds youre seeing across Walgreens Health? And is that baked into the guidance? And if you can provide some color, whats the magnitude of that? Thank you.
Roz Brewer: Okay. So, labor trends in Walgreens Health side, theres really no impact there. Thats our primary care physician, physicians through VillageMD. Were continuing to grow the number of primary care physicians. So, were really not seeing a labor issue on our Walgreens Health side. Its primarily in our retail sector and foot traffic in our stores impacted by what we have to do. Ill give you some examples. We still have emergency callouts as people are diagnosed with COVID. And so that requires us to take a look almost daily at whos running the pharmacy and the pharmacy technicians. And then, the second part of that is to make sure that some of this is geographically based, too. Were seeing in the upper northeast, areas like Vermont, in those areas that were seeing that really the workplace and people reengaging in work is not happening as quickly. So, were working a little bit harder to reengage people to get them back to work, and thats why you see some of the incentives that weve had in getting people to sign up for bonus pay and starting with our pharmacists. So really, what were seeing in terms of labor, we made investments over the time frame we announced last year that we would go to $15 an hour on our hourly labor. That has helped us tremendously because were competitive in the stores. And thats rolling out and will be finished in the next -- I think weve got another 12 months to roll that across the country. So, the combination of our investments in labor and improving our working conditions in stores, all of those things are driving our employees back to the store. And also, youre probably seeing some issues with labor in different sectors. But I would have to say that were doing our best work in terms of best jobs and best pay for our labor model that we deploy in our stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: I wanted to connect some of the commentary on both labor and COVID to the guidance for the year. You mentioned a little lower first half relative to where consensus is. Is it fair to assume that the COVID benefit, the [16 million] shots will be first half weighted? And at 16 million, is that still larger than your expectation for flu shots in the average year? And then, aside from that, is it fair also to assume the labor benefits will not be in place by the flu season? Those are kind of back half of the year for what we should expect relative to retail?
James Kehoe: Im just looking at the forecast. I think the majority of the vaccines will be earlier in the year, of the 16 million we said. So, because its all a booster, right? And all of the emphasis is on it now. So, I would have said out of 16 million probably -- I dont know if theres a couple of million that would be in the second half, the rest would be in the first half, would probably skew to the first quarter. But when we made the comment on the phasing, I think the consensus is at 54%, something like that. 54% of the EPS is in the first half. Its probably closer to 52% or 51%. Its not down at 50%. But we just wanted to guide that. It was a little bit on the heavy side, and it just required a slight adjustment. Thats the way I would emphasize it. And then, you asked about labor. The labor is basically in place, right? So, its going to be -- if you take from now onwards, all the temporary measures are already in place, changes are in place. I think merit has been announced. So, if you take the 265 of pharmacy, I think its pretty much all year -- I might get this slightly wrong. I think the minimum wage is pretty similar, were going up in stages. Its -- theres also the minimum wage, which is -- I think its 240 in 2023. And thats roughly coming in the same phasing all year. Sorry. Eric, did I get all your questions?
Eric Percher: Yes. I guess is the implication thats really ramp of -- and maybe the U.S. Healthcare contributions that...
James Kehoe: Yes. Look at U.S. Healthcare, youre right. Yes, youre right. U.S. Healthcare as an EPS will still be a headwind in the first quarter, will be neutral in the second quarter, and actually, healthcare turns to be a generator of favorable EPS growth in the second half of next year, if there is a large phasing impact on healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: This is Erin Wright on for Ricky today. A follow-up on capital deployment and the questions there. I know that youre limited on what you can say on the investments, as you mentioned. But broadly speaking, does your debt paydown assumptions in 2023 assume or is contingent on further monetization of those assets in your portfolio? And then, just a quick clarification. I just wanted to make sure or clarify, are you anticipating any recession risk in your international target at this point, or is it really just a continuation of what youre seeing now? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes. Sorry. Go ahead, Roz.
Roz Brewer: Go ahead with the international recession.
James Kehoe: Yes. On the recession risk and international, weve already built in a fairly -- I wouldnt say conservative, but a realistic plan. And the -- I would argue, the recession has hit -- if there is one, has hit the UK already. So, they came in with their budgets, and we had a robust discussion on what the outlook looked like. And theyve probably built a scenario that is a recession, whereas in the U.S., its moderate recession stance. So, that covers that piece. And then, on monetization, we cant speak that much about it.
Roz Brewer: Yes.
James Kehoe: Its just not -- its impacting other peoples share prices. But I think you need to go back to the prepared comments. We want to simplify the Company over a fairly short period of time. But thats not saying what were going to do specifically next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Austin on for Justin. Thanks for squeezing us in here. James, I wanted to kind of return quick to the -- you guys laid out that 8% to 10% core growth. And I know youve kind of laid out a lot of moving parts through the Q&A here, but hoping to kind of just consolidate and kind of bridge that in one place. What are the building blocks there around shrink the pharmacist bonuses, kind of working our way through that? And then as a quick follow-up there. Just hoping for any kind of updated color on 340B, if theres kind of a magnitude of headwind or tailwind that you guys are sort of thinking about there?
James Kehoe: Yes. The -- Id kind of simplify and just summarize the U.S. business. We said that the pharmacy business is $0.45 favorable. Retail was negative 48 -- sorry, positive 48, and SG&A negative 55 million. So, we had a robust discussion that labor and significant investments to drive top line are mostly offset by transformational cost management program and cost programs. Theyre all very well defined theres people and names beside each initiative in the SG&A. We had the discussion on retail. Shrink specifically, I think, is an $0.08 favorability in 2023, if you want the specific number. But, the retail story of $0.48 is all about the comps are growing at 2% to 3% ex COVID impacts. Mix will be significantly positive because of a large drive on new own label and assortment. And then finally, the strategic planning and customer -- sorry, strategic pricing and customer value transformation. And you get into Rx, and we said the scripts were up 5%. And we have very large visibility to reimbursement, which is slightly lower than the previous year. And we have high visibility to cost evolution on generics, which continues at a similar pace in 2023 as we did in 22, so. And then pharmacy services was the last piece. So, I think we have significant programs and drivers behind each of the numbers we gave you. And I hope you appreciate were giving a lot more guidance on the individual components of the business and whats driving them.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of John Ransom from Raymond James.
John Ransom: If I look at the new guidance for 23 and I compare it to what you guys implied a year ago, I mean, were running $0.70 or so behind. So, I was just wondering if you could help bridge us to where we are now versus where we thought wed be and kind of what the specifics were of the change. Thanks.
James Kehoe: Sure. So, its actually $0.60. And the two biggest drivers -- well, Ill give you one is ABC, for example, we sold some of our shareholding. That cost $0.14. So, its not a small number. And then, the financial climate, we have lower pension returns in the UK, thats about $0.05. And then, ForEx is $0.12. So, theres a lot of corporate type items that have nothing to do with the core business. And then, if you take the core of the business, the pharmacy business is the largest variation. Thats about $0.30 and its coming from two things. 340B, its not a particular headwind year-on-year, but versus our original guidance, its a very large number. Its almost all of the $0.30. Script volume: Script volume is worse than the prior guidance, but so are the procurement savings is -- are way, way better and they offset that. So I would have called it a 340B issue on pharmacy. And then, if we flip to SG&A, its about $0.30 worse, and thats all from labor costs. So its all the pharmacy and labor that weve put in place. So, if you wanted to kind of simplify it, theres a bunch of corporate stuff, call it $0.20 or $0.30, and then theres a 340B issue.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Roz Brewer for some closing remarks.
Roz Brewer: So, thanks again to all of you all for joining us today. I personally appreciate the engagement and the relevancy of the questions. We were very intentional about making sure that you knew we were committed to you with as much detail and transparency as possible. And we shared even more information about how WBA is executing well on the four strategic priorities and then how were transforming rapidly into a healthcare company. Those are the real takeaways there. But to just recap, as we close this down, I know its been a couple of hours is, I want to remind everybody that well be focused on accelerating our growth and profitability in our U.S. Healthcare segment. Well focus on optimizing our best-in-class assets and our partners. Well focus on driving positive momentum in our resilient core business and making significant progress on talent and capabilities and moving quickly to simplify our portfolio. And well do this at a pace to deliver our long-term growth algorithm. So, we look forward to continue to keeping you fully updated as we build on our success in the months ahead. We hope you have a great rest of your day. And as always, we deeply appreciate all of your support and commitment to the bright future weve planned. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-06-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Thank you. Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President, Global Investor Relations, you may begin.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Standley, President of Walgreens. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides in the press release also contain further information about non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today during this call. I will now turn the call over to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Walgreens Boots Alliance delivered consistent execution in the third quarter against very robust growth last year. Sales increased low single digits on a core basis in constant currency, excluding the negative impact of AllianceRx Walgreens and the 65% pro forma sales growth at Walgreens Health. The International business more than doubled its adjusted operating income with its retail sales recovery, and the U.S. segment achieved solid retail comp growth against challenging multiyear comparisons with positive traffic trends as consumers continue to depend on Walgreens for their essential needs. Our business model is resilient, and we are now successfully navigating a difficult operating environment that is especially impacting more discretionary retail. We have been agile and proactive in managing inflationary cost pressures and supply chain disruptions while further enhancing our relevance to consumers through our loyalty, omni-channel and owned brand initiatives. Our commitment to serve local communities with convenience and real value is resonating well. At the same time, we're making important strides in building our next growth engine, Walgreens Health. VillageMD and Shields continue to realize tremendous top line growth, and we've added a third strategic partner for our Walgreens Health organic venture, bringing the number of lives covered above the 2022 year-end target of 2 million. Additionally, we launched our clinical trials business to improve access and diversity. We are moving quickly to implement our vision of consumer-centric, tech-enabled health care solutions that improve outcomes and lower costs for patients, providers and payers. During the quarter, we also took further action to better align our investment portfolio with our strategic priorities. The partial monetization of AmerisourceBergen shares augments our balance sheet and is consistent with our efforts to generate shareholder value. We also have now completed a thorough review of the Boots business, with the outcome reflecting rapidly evolving and challenging financial market conditions beyond our control. As recent results show, it is an exciting time for Boots and No7, which are uniquely positioned to continue to capture future opportunities presented by the growing health care and beauty markets. The Board and I remain confident that they hold strong fundamental value, and longer term, we will stay open to all opportunities to maximize shareholder value for these businesses and across our company. Looking ahead, given our sustained execution, we are maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance of low single-digit growth, which we raised in January. We are well positioned to drive our next stage of growth and value creation in the years ahead. In October, we introduced four strategic priorities: first, transform and align the core business; second, build our next growth engine, Walgreens Health; third, focus the portfolio and optimize capital allocation; and fourth, build a high-performance culture and a winning team. We are making good progress against each initiative as we are becoming the leading partner in reimagining local health care and well-being for all. First, we are transforming and aligning the core business and building a pharmacy of the future that will enable and support our health care strategy. U.S. and Boots UK retail comp sales both reflected very good execution in the quarter, with several of our initiatives continuing to gain traction. U.S. digital sales grew 25% in the quarter on top of 95% growth a year ago. myWalgreens membership is approaching a big milestone of 100 million customers. We are focusing labor investments to return about 3,000 stores to normal operating hours, which I expect will accelerate script volume recovery as we head into fiscal 2023. Recently, we opened our fourth automated microfulfillment center and are now supporting 1,100 total stores. More store locations will continue to be added microfulfillment centers remove routine tasks and excess inventory from the pharmacy, allowing pharmacists more time to focus on patient care and clinical services, expanding on the critical role they already provide in communities. The centers fill about 20% of store scripts today, heading to 40% to 50% over time. And finally, in the U.S., we've expanded our partnership with ALTO US, a provider of loss prevention and tech-enabled security services. We're now working together across more than 2,200 stores, which is already having a positive impact on shrink. At Boots UK, I want to highlight our innovative digital health care service, Boots Online Doctor, which has already reached nearly 500,000 customer orders. On the retail side, we are driving share gains across all major categories. Now let me take this opportunity to discuss the health of the consumer, given our insights from our store network across the best corners of America and the UK as well as what we're all observing through macro uncertainty and record-low consumer sentiment. We see our customers making deliberate choices to prioritize overall value and convenience. There's a shift in calculus due to food and fuel inflation, but health and wellness will always be a priority. Pricing is just the start of our customer set of considerations, where we are collaborating closely with suppliers and maintaining price gaps versus competitors. Walgreens and Boots are trusted brands with strong community ties established over many decades of pharmacy leadership. Historically, we have seen stable script trends in a downturn, which should be aided today by the ongoing return to normalized health care utilization levels. Additionally, we see upside at Walgreens as we address staffing challenges at stores to enable a return to normal operating hours. Our front-end momentum is bolstered through our owned brand loyalty and omnichannel initiatives. Additionally, in this era of rising gas prices, we have leveraged our hyper-local footprint and highly relevant retail offering to achieve positive comp store transaction growth. We are seeing higher levels of traffic to our stores and our website as consumers are looking to optimize their spending dollars across quality, value and convenience. We're meeting our customers with robust in-stock levels that are slightly above last year despite ongoing supply chain headwinds. We've also been ahead of the curve in managing through inflation. This is all alongside raising the target for the Transformational Cost Management Program for the fifth time. Underpinning our efforts is our strengthened retail products and customer leadership team with 3 new executives. Walgreens Chief Marketing Officer, Linh Peters, joined us from Calvin Klein, where she served as their Global Chief Marketing Officer, with experience also at Starbucks, Target and Ulta Beauty. Bala Visalatha is in our newly created role of Chief Product Officer having most recently been Vice President of eCommerce at Walmart U.S. And finally, Luke Rauch is our new Chief Merchant, rejoining the merchandising organization after focusing on strategy as my Chief of Staff. We have the right team in place to support our high-performance culture to guide our resilient core business and to serve our customers through these turbulent times. Next, I want to take a moment to recap Walgreens' progress in providing local communities with access to COVID-19 resources as we cross over into an endemic scenario. In the U.S., we administered 4.7 million COVID-19 vaccinations within the quarter and over 67 million in the program to date. As of early April, Walgreens has been offering additional boosters to adults aged 50 and older and certain immunocompromised individuals. I am pleased to add that as of Saturday, Walgreens has begun administering vaccines to children aged 3 years and older at select locations nationwide. This follows our offering of boosters to children aged 5 and up starting in May. Walgreens pharmacy team members are among the most trusted health resources readily available to administer vaccines and provide education to this newly eligible population and their parents or guardian. Our experience has established Walgreens as the largest pediatric COVID-19 vaccine provider in the pharmacy channel. On the COVID-19 testing front, we completed 3.9 million in-store tests during the quarter and over 32 million in the program to date. Last month, Walgreens expanded access to offering Pixel by Labcorp, at-home PCR kits at no cost through curbside and in-store pickup. This initiative is important, particularly for uninsured, socially vulnerable and medically underserved populations who continue to be among those most impacted by COVID-19. Walgreens Health is reimagining health care by making it personal. To achieve this goal, we are creating a network of industry-leading health care service providers with the experience and capabilities to help people build relationships with primary care professionals, pharmacists, and in-home care teams in their communities. Our largest partnership, VillageMD, continues its rollout of co-located clinics with 120 now open, on pace towards 200 by the end of 2022. VillageMD is in 22 markets today with over 1.6 million patients. Shields continues to rapidly expand its platform, including new deals with 3 significant health systems and the launch of Boston Children's Pharmacy. Together, VillageMD and Shields drove pro forma sales growth of 65% for Walgreens Health in the quarter. In our organic Walgreens Health business, we are excited to have signed on our third payer partner, Buckeye Health Plan. Importantly, this development brings the lives under coverage to 2.3 million, exceeding our 2022 target. Our collaboration with Buckeye also extends beyond Health Corners to include asthma and COPD patients as part of a multi-phased approach to support comprehensive expanded clinical services. Through this pilot, Walgreens' pharmacists counsel patients on how to use their inhalers, provide proactive outreach to non-adherent patients and use predictive modeling to reach out to people at high risk for becoming non-adherent. Buckeye Health Plan is one of the first payers to reimburse pharmacists for these services in Ohio, made possible through recent state legislative changes. With 56 Health Corners in operation, our health advisors logged over 60,000 consumer conversations in the quarter. It's been very inspiring to hear some specific stories. For example, a customer who came in looking for a blood pressure monitor, our health advisor had a conversation with him about the causes of high blood pressure and its potential complications. As they were talking, the advisor noticed the customer's face was red and flushed, asked to check his blood pressure and it was very high. The advisor insisted that he go to the emergency room. The following week, he came in to thank the advisor, saying this new service saved my life. Our consumer-centric model of increased access, engagement and convenience is working. We are tracking well against all of our key milestones for Walgreens Health this year and remain very optimistic about our long-term growth potential. Finally, as part of our continued work in building health care solutions, we recently launched a comprehensive offering of clinical trial services to redefine the end-to-end patient experience and increase access and retention and drug development research. Nearly 80% of trials failed to meet their enrollment goals in their stated time frames, contributing to billions of dollars in delays every year. We believe we can increase participation, especially among diverse populations, and support sponsors in meeting the trial goals by leveraging our well-established presence across the nation and enterprise-wide health capabilities. The opportunity is clear, and I look forward to sharing more with you ahead. With that, I'll hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. Adjusted EPS of $0.96 was broadly in line with our expectations. On a constant currency basis, EPS declined 29% versus prior year levels. As mentioned before, we were lapping an especially strong prior year quarter with EPS growth of over 90%. We administered 17 million vaccinations last year compared to 4.7 million in the current quarter, leading to an EPS headwind of around 18 percentage points. We also continued to invest in our fast-growing Walgreens Health business. Sales for the segment grew 65% on a pro forma basis, and the growth investments led to a negative EPS impact of 6 percentage points. Our U.S. retail business continues to execute strongly, and our international markets more than doubled segment AOI compared to the prior year quarter. Sales grew ahead of expectations and cash flow was solid, with year-to-date operating cash flow of $3.8 billion and free cash flow of $2.6 billion. The Transformational Cost Management Program is performing ahead of expectations with an expanding funnel of initiatives, and we are now raising our annual cost savings goal to $3.5 billion by fiscal year 2024. Finally, with our third quarter performance that was broadly in line with our expectations, we are maintaining our full year outlook of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS. Let's now look at the results in more detail. Third quarter sales declined 2.8% on a constant currency basis, strong growth from Walgreens and the International segment. And sales contributions from Walgreens Health were more than offset by a 720 basis point impact from the sales decline at AllianceRx Walgreens. If you exclude the negative impact from AllianceRx and the positive benefit from Walgreens Health M&A, constant currency sales growth was approximately 3%. Adjusted operating income declined 34% on a constant currency basis, driven by a decline in U.S. pharmacy as it lapped the peak COVID-19 vaccinations in the year-ago quarter and planned growth investments in Walgreens Health. This was partly offset by solid gross profit performance in U.S. retail and continued strength in international sales and profitability. Adjusted EPS was $0.96 in the quarter, a constant currency decrease of 28.9%, driven mostly by adjusted operating income. GAAP EPS decreased 74% to $0.33, reflecting a $683 million charge for the opioid settlement with the State of Florida and higher onetime charges in the quarter related to the Transformational Cost Management Program. Now let's move to the year-to-date highlights. Year-to-date sales advanced 2.7% on a constant currency basis, including a 500 basis point negative impact from AllianceRx. Without this negative impact and excluding the Walgreens Health M&A activity, core sales growth was around 8%. Adjusted operating income increased 13.7% on a constant currency basis, reflecting adjusted gross profit growth across both pharmacy and retail in the U.S. and a continued rebound in international sales and profitability. Adjusted EPS advanced 13.9%. GAAP EPS increased by $3.60 to $5.49, reflecting a $2.5 billion after-tax gain in the first quarter related to the valuation of our prior investments in VillageMD and Shields as well as lapping a $1.2 billion charge net of tax from the company's equity earnings in AmerisourceBergen in the year-ago period. This was partly offset by the Florida opioid legal settlement in the current quarter. Now let's move to the U.S. segment. Sales decreased 7% in the quarter, a solid performance from Walgreens, up 1.7% despite lapping peak COVID-19 vaccinations, was more than offset by an 850 basis point headwind from AllianceRx. Adjusted gross profit decreased 9.6%, with high single-digit growth at retail, more than offset by a decline in pharmacy. Procurement savings and the strong retail performance were more than offset by fewer COVID-19 vaccinations and lower reimbursement rates. Adjusted SG&A spend decreased 0.9%. Lower COVID-19 vaccinations and continued cost discipline were only partly offset by higher labor costs and the timing of marketing spend. SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 110 basis points to 17.9% of sales, and this was almost entirely due to an adverse mix impact as a result of the AllianceRx sales decline. Adjusted operating income decreased 34%, mainly reflecting lower pharmacy performance, including a challenging comparison against peak COVID-19 vaccinations in the year-ago quarter. Now let's look in more detail at U.S. pharmacy. Pharmacy sales declined 9.7%, negatively impacted by an 11.2 percentage point impact from AllianceRx Walgreens. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 2%. Comp scripts decreased 1.8%, but excluding vaccinations, comp scripts increased 2.1%. We completed 4.7 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the quarter compared to 17 million vaccinations in the prior year quarter, and we administered 3.9 million COVID-19 tests in the quarter compared with 3.4 million tests in the prior year quarter. Pharmacy benefited in the quarter from better trends in seasonal scripts. However, while we did see some improvement in the quarter, scripts continued to be challenged by temporary operating hour reductions due to labor shortages. We estimate an impact of around 190 basis points on comp scripts in the quarter. Pharmacy adjusted gross profit declined as procurement savings and volume growth were more than offset by reimbursement pressure, and we lapped peak COVID-19 vaccinations in the prior year. Comp retail sales increased 1.4%, and excluding tobacco, comps were up 2.4%. We saw strong growth across health and wellness, driven by at-home COVID-19 tests and cough/cold flu. Personal care was up 2.6%, but the consumables and general merchandise categories were impacted by strong sales of COVID-19-related items last year and the planned decline in tobacco. Gross margin increased strongly year-on-year due to effective margin management and stabilizing shrink levels, partly offset by supply chain pressures. Turning next to the International segment. And as always, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. International had a strong quarter. Sales increased 9.3%, reflecting growth across all international markets, with Boots UK advancing 13.5% and Germany wholesale growing 6.8%. Adjusted operating income was $174 million in the quarter, more than doubling versus prior year, led by sales growth and tight cost control. The integration of our Germany wholesale business is very much on track with operational synergy benefits running ahead of schedule. Let's now look in more detail at Boots UK. Boots UK sales grew 13.5% in the quarter, led by strong retail performance. Comparable pharmacy sales decreased slightly as we lapped favorable NHS reimbursement timing in the year-ago quarter. Comparable NHS volumes showed modest growth, while pharmacy services advanced 22% in the quarter, with stronger demand for new online health care services. Comp retail sales advanced 24%, reflecting a recovery in footfall and strong commercial execution. Market share increased across all categories with beauty performing particularly well. Despite the strong performance, store footfall in the quarter remains around 20% below pre-COVID levels. Travel locations are now improving, but remain quite subdued. We saw continued strength in basket size, which is up around 14% in the third quarter compared to pre-COVID levels. Boots.com sales more than doubled compared to pre-COVID levels. More than 13% of total UK retail sales came from our digital channels in the quarter, up from around 6% pre-COVID. Turning next to Walgreens Health. Segment sales were almost $600 million in the quarter, with VillageMD contributing $511 million and Shields Health contributing $85 million. Walgreens Health AOI was a loss of $129 million in the quarter. Organic investments accounted for $31 million. Investments at VillageMD more than offset the profit contribution from Shields Health and led to a $97 million AOI loss across our majority investments. VillageMD sales advanced 69% on a pro forma basis, reflecting existing clinic growth and footprint expansion. At the end of the third quarter, VillageMD had 315 clinics, an increase of 97 clinics year-over-year. Shields delivered a strong quarter. Pro forma sales growth was 47% with improved operating margins, driven by growth from recently signed contract wins and by expanding their value-add proposition with existing health system partners. Let's now look at some of the key metrics for Walgreens Health. As Roz mentioned, we have already exceeded our December '22 goal of 2 million covered lives, and we recently announced a strategic partnership with Buckeye Health Plan. The rollout of VillageMD continues, with 120 co-located clinics opened at the end of the third quarter, up from 94 at the end of the second quarter. We are progressing towards our goal of 200 by the end of this calendar year. Our fiscal '22 sales goal is now at $2 billion, reflecting a delay in the closing of the CareCentrix investment. Apart from that, there are no changes to our underlying sales assumptions. And as you can see, VillageMD and Shields are delivering impressive growth with pro forma combined sales growth of 65% in the quarter. Turning next to cash flow. Year-to-date free cash flow was $2.6 billion, $737 million below the prior year, as we cycled through some exceptional headwinds. Free cash flow was adversely impacted by the working capital impact of a decline in the AllianceRx Walgreens business and the year-over-year impact of COVID-19-related government support. Free cash flow also included a $240 million increase in capital expenditures behind our growth initiatives, including the VillageMD footprint expansion, rollout of the new automated microfulfillment centers and continued omnichannel and digital investments. Turning now to full year guidance. We are maintaining our full year guidance of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS. We have raised our estimate for the base business slightly from 6% to 8% growth to 7% to 9% growth to reflect strong U.S. front-of-store performance and increased testing and vaccinations. We are now expecting 35 million vaccinations this year compared to 31 million previously. Investments in our healthcare business negatively impact EPS growth by around 6 percentage points compared to 5 points previously. In summary, we are executing well, performing in line with our expectations and reconfirming our full year EPS guidance of low single-digit growth in constant currency. I would remind you that this is better than the original guidance we provided at the start of the year of flat EPS growth year-over-year. Next, I will offer some additional color on our fourth quarter outlook. First, let me remind you that we are lapping a strong year-ago quarter with EPS growth of 28%. The prior year growth was driven by strength in COVID-19 vaccinations with 13.5 million administered last year versus an estimated 2.9 million this year. Additionally, last year, we saw strong front-end results aided by at-home COVID-19 tests. Consistent with what we said previously, we anticipate some headwinds in the fourth quarter, and this chart highlights the most important ones. Vaccinations are an expected headwind of 15 to 17 percentage points. Investments to build out our Walgreens Health segment could result in 10% to 12% impact on fourth quarter EPS. Other headwinds include labor investments of around 5 percentage points and lapping prior year onetime gains of approximately 4 percentage points of EPS growth. Combined, these headwinds amount to an expected 34% to 38% year-on-year headwind and leads to full year EPS growth of low single digits. I would caution against any extrapolation of these EPS impacts. For example, labor costs include premiums to address short-term  COVID-19 is the single biggest unknown, and it is difficult to predict today how new variants, booster adoption, reimbursement dynamics and underlying health policies will impact consumer behavior. Against this backdrop, we have a strong array of strategic growth initiatives that will drive our long-term growth algorithm. First, we expect script volume to recover as we get back to normal operating hours and launch targeted patient retention programs. Second, our U.S. retail business is demonstrating good momentum through digital and omnichannel growth from myWalgreens loyalty program, owned brand innovation and alternative profit streams. Fiscal 2022 was a strong year, and we have extensive plans and initiatives to drive continued success. Third, fiscal year 2022 has been affected by elevated retail shrink, running at above 3% of sales year-to-date. Trends in the most recent months are more promising as we roll out actions to counteract the rising shrink levels, and we expect shrink to trend downwards in 2023. Fourth, the International segment is achieving very strong results, and it is clear that next year should see continued sales and profit growth. Fifth, the Walgreens Health segment is scaling up and margins will build over time. Additionally, we are aggressively working to capture synergies across our various healthcare investments. Overall, we expect the Walgreens Health EPS headwind in 2023 to be much lower than this year. Lastly, we continue to expand our save to invest to grow program and have raised the overall target savings for the Transformational Cost Management Program from $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion by fiscal 2024. The majority of the increase will benefit fiscal '23. In summary, we are aggressively driving growth initiatives, and we remain fully committed to achieving sustainable low teens EPS growth over the long term. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing remarks.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. As you have just heard, we are executing very well across our business despite several challenges and making major progress on the goals we laid out in October. Our transformation is very much on track, and I remain excited about the future. As we move forward, we will continue to be laser-focused on: one, making further improvements in our core business; two, evolving our portfolio to ensure we are dedicated to the areas which provide the best returns; three, building out our Walgreens Health business, which is expected to be a significant percentage of our earnings growth over the long term; fourth, managing and preserving our capital across our many assets; and five, recruiting and retaining a world-class team of top talent. I am optimistic about the opportunities ahead and our ability to deliver strong results on each of our key strategic priorities. We remain strongly committed to driving our long-term earnings growth algorithm and look forward to keeping you updated as we achieve our vision to be the leading partner in reimagining local healthcare and well-being for all. Now I would like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question is from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: My first question would just really be around keeping the Boots business for now and the announcement that you had made earlier this week around that. Roz, as I think about the investments that you want to make around your health care initiatives, does this change the time line at all? I didn't hear you talk about that today. It would be my first question. And then secondly, as we think about really reallocating some of the investments that you made, does this at all change the time line of the sale of ABC? I'm just curious as to how we should think about how those things play into the longer-term opportunities around Walgreens Health?
Rosalind Brewer: Lisa, thank you for that question. So let me give you just a few highlights in terms of how we came to this decision to retain Boots. So first of all, as you can imagine, we ran a highly confidential process. We gained early high interest at the very beginning of these discussions back in January. We started off with roughly about 8 to 10 interested parties in the Boots business. And we had very productive discussions, got into a detailed due diligence just as the market began to turn on us, and such an unexpected and dramatic change. So as a result, we made this decision to slow this opportunity down. But at the same time, the Boots and No7 business continue to do well. And our thinking is in any of these situations, the business should be good enough for us to retain as well as to look at strategic opportunities for it. So the business is healthy, and we'll continue to ensure that it remains healthy. As you look at the time line going forward, you need to think about our fuller portfolio. When we talked about doing a strategic review of our businesses, we started off with Boots, but we have other opportunities that we can look at in here. So in terms of the time line, it's important to state is that we are going to stay bullish about moving forward on Walgreens Health and making sure that our investments are prioritized in that direction. We've seen good success in terms of the initial investments that we've made there. So we feel like we're on a good trajectory. So in terms of the time line, we still will continue to make the investments there and move forward. We're committed to building those things. And the most important parts of that business is to make sure that we get our commercial assets up and running. And so that's the work that we're focused on. I will also tell you that in terms of our commitment to looking at the balance of our portfolio businesses, we will continue to do that as well.
Lisa Gill : And then just a point of clarification, James, I appreciate all the comments that you made about 2023 and getting back to that double-digit growth. Is your comment that, that you anticipate getting to double-digit growth for '22, for '23? Or were you just making a comment that you believe longer term that that's still on the horizon for Walgreens?
Rosalind Brewer: So Lisa -- go ahead, James, and take us through .
James Kehoe: Lisa, if you go back to the October Investor Day deck, I think what we said was the next 3 years, the compound annual growth rate would average 4%. And then FY '25 and beyond, it would rise to 11% to 13%. So there was a measure of deceleration of the EPS growth over a number of years. And then when we gave guidance at the beginning of this year, we said 0%, and we would have acceleration into mid-single-digit EPS growth beyond '22 year. And you could actually argue that we're ahead of where we said we would be because we're at low single digit versus zero. So we won't be getting to low teens next year because we never said we would go to low teens next year. We said mid-single digit. And I think as we look forward, there's a lot of concerns out in the market. Some participants have been taken. It will take Q4 and multiply by 4, which is just a wrong calculation. And Q4 is about 16% of our total full year income. So I think you have to actually do the right proportions. We then decided to lay out these tailwinds that we have. And I'm sure you'll agree, they're substantial and I do want to hit those. We do expect a fairly strong rebound in Rx scripts next year because we had some operational issues in the stores. The front-of-store strength, I don't think it should be lost on anybody just how well we're doing versus the overall peer set in front of store. Our margins are up substantially year-on-year, and we're still doing nice same-store sales growth. And then you add on to -- we see international going from strength to strength, plus -- and I do want to point this out. People are looking at the heavy investments in Walgreens Health. We're spending potentially more in the second half because of timing. But the headwind on Walgreens Health will go from 6% this year, down to very low single digits next year. So we have a lot of elements to get to an attractive growth rate that is broadly in line with the 4%, 3 year compound growth rate that we laid out as we did October, the Investor Day. So what we're doing with this is to express our confidence in the long-term targets.
Operator: The next question is from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill : And I appreciate as well you guys giving all the color. I guess, Roz and James, I'd kind of like to hit on two topics. Number one is, James, I know I'm inquiring minds want to know you brought up 340B as a headwind. I was wondering if you'd be willing to frame any numbers around that as to how we should think about what the earnings risk looks like or the earnings exposure to the 340B program. And then part B would be, I guess, you kind of called out COVID as the biggest headwind as you think about fiscal '23. I guess do you have any kind of embedded assumptions thus far as to what you guys expect from the contribution of COVID as we think about kind of the jumping-off point from fiscal '22 to fiscal '23.
James Kehoe : I think, George, I'm not sure we want to give out specific guidance because we have to go through a process with our Board on this. But we will expect lower levels of activity on COVID vaccinations next year. And I think you can form your own assumptions on that. So it does generate a sizable headwind next year. But that's why we laid out the growth initiatives, which are equally sizable tailwinds. And we're going to be working through this over the next few months. We'll come out with the guidance when we issue earnings. But overall, we see as many opportunities as we have risks right now. And maybe I'll pass it to John on 340B, which is embedded in our current year guidance, and we've absorbed a fairly sizable negative. John?
John Standley: Sure. George, this is John. And so as James said, we've seen some continued manufacturer restrictions in the 340B space, and that's reflected in our current run rate. We've got, I think, a couple of things going for us. One is Shields, which is a really amazing business that we've got a majority investment, and it's just done really well. But in their model, the hospital is actually -- the covered entity and operates the specialty pharmacy. So I think that's in a very good position. We have the opportunity to be the designated pharmacy in many instances for our 340B clients. And then ultimately, we believe 340B is an appropriate program that really gets money back into community health care where it's really needed. So we strongly support it. And we're working from a legislative and a legal perspective to try and protect that program.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Turney with Bank of America.
Michael Cherny : So maybe, James, I know we're not talking specifically about fiscal '23. But as you think about that Slide 24 that you gave us relative to the growth initiatives, where do you see the variability in particularly on the growth initiatives and the comfort level you have in tying back to those numbers, whether it's script volume, whether it's some of the international recovery, that Walgreens Health component? How do you think about the puts and takes on those items given the broader macro dynamics that could sway them one way or the other?
James Kehoe : Yes. I would say the only item we see is truly variable. Where we have lesser line of sight is on the vaccinations and testing volume. And we want to see how the next couple of months pan out. I'd even say that even on the challenges, we have a fairly good line of sight. Reimbursement pressure, we're not assuming as we're thinking through this any major change versus the current year. And we're quite happy with the current year. We had a forecast coming into the year, and we're pretty much honest. So we expect -- well, we don't expect anything to get any better in reimbursement. Rising inflation on wages, we have a fairly good level of confidence here, and I'll tell you why. We've had now had 2 quarters where many other players in the market have called down margins. We have had 2 quarters where our margins are actually up on the retail business. We have a combination of mix. And that's one of the growth initiatives on the right-hand side. We've got all of our omnichannel investments coming through, owned brand inflation. myWalgreens has hit almost -- I think that we've actually passed 100 million myWalgreens members, which is tremendous. I think it's one of the biggest membership programs in the U.S. And then alternative profit streams and we have great line of sight to all of those. So we have -- and our ability to offset inflation on wages has been very strong in the quarter. And you'll bear this in mind, international freight is up 200%. And our pricing actions overall as a business, I think we've got zero impact on a full year basis. All the cost increases, shipping increases, goods not for resale, all of that, effectively, we've priced away through very effective margin management. And 340B, John already mentioned. And Walgreens Health, we've got good visibility. We are investing a little bit more as we're exiting the year. And remember what we told you in the Investor Day, we said there would be a spending level this year and one next year. So we will actually probably spend more money, slightly more money on Walgreens Health next year. But the headwind is significantly lower, and we have good visibility to this. So instead of a 6%, as I said, it will go down to 1%, 2% at most. So the change in this is quite visible to us. I'm trying to cover all of these international recovery, we have good visibility to this. You saw the double-digit income in the quarter. It won't be at that rate next year, but there's consistent growth across all markets. And we had every single international market grew revenue in the current quarter. So good visibility there as well. Transformational Cost Management, we've called up $200 million. All of that is next year. And I'll give you a good example of it. The U.S. business has just formed a new entity called Walgreens Business Services. And we have signed a partnership with TCS to ramp up, build our own shared service center in India. And it will take on -- we've already done finance. We've done HR, all the traditional back office. We'll be moving marketing, merchandising, store ops, back office to a more cost-effective offshore service. But we will own and operate the service assisted by TCS, and that will deliver tremendous savings for the business. It's a really big deal. And then over time, we will leverage it as a growth engine to continue to drive costs out of the business. The only one that we have less visibility on, and that's because the actions are happening currently, that's on the script volume. So we've had a couple of quarters where we've been maybe 200 basis points to 300 basis points below where we would have liked to have been. And we called out, specifically in Q3, 190 basis points from the store operating hours. We're putting investments back in the market or in the market now. We haven't -- we've seen that the churn has slowed down of turnover, but we still haven't flipped the switch on more aggressive hiring in the market. So we have a couple of months of experience that we need to get behind us before where we have very good line of sight. So I think it's a good question. We have good line of sight to all of the items here. And the only exception is we've 3 months probably ahead of us on the store operations and getting the scripts bag. I hope that's useful as you think through this.
Michael Cherny: No, I appreciate that. And if I can ask one more, maybe a quicker one. You've talked in the past about the potential for inorganic investments for Walgreens Health. Obviously, there's no proceeds coming in after the Boots review. How do you think about that potential for further inorganic investment, given also a rising rate environment and the need to fund one way or the other if you are going to go and acquire something to build out the Walgreens Health capabilities?
Rosalind Brewer : Yes. So I'll take that question. So we remain committed to looking at further opportunities on the acquisition side for Walgreens Health. And I will tell you that we're constantly looking through the marketplace, particularly in tech enablement. And so as we mentioned back early in the year that we would have one additional significant advancement in Walgreens Health on the acquisition side, we still remain committed to that in order to really bring, come full circle in that space. So we should look forward to that. And also, too, in terms of how will we prioritize that. I just want to remind everyone that we have a portfolio that we can look at and still look at how we could fund something like this. So we're still in the marketplace, and we remain committed to investments in Walgreens Health.
Operator: Our next question is from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson : I guess maybe on Walgreens Health, I appreciate what you're saying about the sort of pacing of investments and things next year. Can you just help us sort of tie together the performance in the quarter, particularly maybe on the gross margin line and then how we should sort of think about that shifting in sort of the fourth quarter and as we move forward into next year?
Rosalind Brewer : Thanks, Elizabeth. I'll have James answer that gross margin question on Walgreens Health.
James Kehoe : Yes, this is -- it's basically an investment and timing issue. You got -- I think, we're $21 million negative on gross margin with Shields very strong, and the investments are all in Village. And the best way to look at that is to look at the number of stores, the total number of clinics, 315 versus prior year, it's almost up 100 more clinics. And we gave some indications back in January on the profitability of a clinic. And when you get to full run rate, which is year 7, I think it's like $14 million of revenue and a $2 million clinic contribution. But year 1 is the revenue is $1 million, and you're losing $600,000. Year 2, I believe, is probably $200,000 to $300,000 loss. So you've got 2 years of losses, right? And you're only turning profitable in at the beginning of the third year. So you've got 90 -- 100-plus clinics that are unprofitable to the tune of around $600,000. You got the ones in the previous year that are unprofitable to the tune of $200,000 or $300,000. So what this is, it's the -- and bear in mind, Elizabeth, when you look at a gross margin in Walgreens Health, it includes the entire cost of the clinic. So it's got the rent. It's got the doctors. It's got the depreciation and amortization. So it's fully loaded. So moving forward, as more and more clinics achieve profitability, the first 100 will turn profitable next year, right? So you've got more profitable ones coming on. And then I think that basically covers it. So it's a temporary thing, and it will turn profitable next year is the way to think about it.
Elizabeth Anderson : Got it. Okay. And then I know, obviously, you said that CareCentrix, you are expecting to close, have you get approvals by the end of the fiscal year. So then that would obviously impact the estimated annual run rate for the end of this year. But as we think about the jumping-off point for just sort of '23 and beyond to get to that $9 billion to $10 billion in FY '25, you wouldn't expect to change to that broader trajectory. Obviously, there's a short-term timing issue with the CareCentrix deal, right?
Rosalind Brewer : Right. You're right about that, Elizabeth, the way you're thinking about it. And we're looking forward to the closure of that deal. We're still in process with that, but you're thinking about this in the right way.
James Kehoe : Really once CareCentrix closes, we have a strong line of sight to the $9 billion to $10 billion, very strong.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette : So two interrelated questions here. I think first for the U.S. retail front-end business and pricing strategy, Roz, you mentioned that Walgreens is working closely with suppliers and maintaining price gaps versus competitors. So I was just curious to hear a little more detail either on the mechanics or just examples of what you're referring to with that comment. And then just to check the box on a related question, just for your overall set of SKUs in the retail front end, do you have any approximate percent of SKUs where you may be witnessing supply shortages. It could be a very small percent, potentially even less than 1%. But just wondering if it makes sense to frame it this way.
Rosalind Brewer : Sure. Thanks, Steve. And I'm going to start off with that, and then I'm going to ask John Standley to fill in on some of the details there. So you mentioned about the front end of the store and what are we seeing in terms of our exposure there. So first of all, I want to make one clarifying point. When you compare us to maybe some of the other retailers in terms of our in-stock position and also to with what we're seeing from a supply chain standpoint, we have some categories in our stores that are dramatically different. There are other retailers that are facing long lead items like apparel, kitchen furniture, televisions, large items in that respect. We are working very quickly, strongly against moving towards our private-label business and trying to get to roughly a percentage of about 22% of our private-label opportunities in our store. We run roughly about 16% to 18% right now in private label. So moving to 22% gives you an idea of some of the cost benefits that we could share later on. Also, along with that comes some innovation in bringing in new categories. So when I think about front of store and what we're facing in terms of being a little bit more recession-proof and also to looking at supply chain issues that impact our business and those kinds of things. But I'll let John go into some detail in terms of what he's seeing in front of store.
John Standley: Sure. I guess I'll just pick up right there. As Roz said, we are working closely with all of our major supplier partners to address issues as they arise. And it kind of -- it moves around a little bit in the business from time to time, depending on the category. Obviously, we're working through things like baby formula and things like that. But generally, I think we've done a good job of staying close to our partners and getting products the best that we can. I think the over-the-counter test kits is a great example. The demand on this and the supply on this have kind of bounced around pretty dramatically over the last several months, and our team has just done a fantastic job of really aligning between supply chain and merchandising and operations to really be there for our patients and customers is just kind of one example. Talking about pricing and pricing mechanics, obviously, a lot of inflation in the marketplace. We work, again, really closely with our supplier partners. And the first thing we try and do is just mitigate that cost increase really through the relationship the best that we can. And we've had some success at that. But we have seen cost increases come through like all retailers have. And I think we've worked hard to manage that into the marketplace the best way we can. And as Roz said, we've really done that successfully while managing our relative price position to the market. So again, I think our team has done a great job executing against those pressures as they have risen.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn it over to Roz Brewer for any closing remarks.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you for joining us today. I just want to summarize what we discussed here today and how we are looking at our business. We've delivered really strong execution across our operating segments and against a very robust growth this year. Third quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations, and I want to remind everyone of that. And we've been executing well on the strategic priorities we shared last October. We will continue to make some improvements in our core business. We'll evolve our portfolio. We remain committed to our Walgreens Health business. We also will manage and preserve our capital and really continue to work on this world-class team. I'm really proud of what this team has been able to do under some tough market conditions. They continue to outperform my personal expectations. So I remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead. We're strongly committed to driving our long-term earnings growth algorithm, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we make further progress. So thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-03-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Thank you.  Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President, Global Investor Relations, you may begin.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. I'm Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Standley, President of Walgreens. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 2 and those outlined in our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides and the press release also contain further information about non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today during this call. I will now turn the call over to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Walgreens Boots Alliance once again delivered strong results in the second quarter. Sales increased 3.8% in constant currency or high single digits on a core basis, excluding the negative impact of AllianceRx Walgreens and the positive M&A activity in Walgreens Health. Adjusted EPS grew 26.5%. Our good performance reflects execution across each of our business segments. Our U.S. retail sales comp of 14.7% was the highest in over 20 years, above even last quarter's record, and we are seeing significant recovery in our international markets. At the same time, we are building our next growth engine, Walgreens Health, which is on pace toward its long-term target. And of course, we continue to serve communities with COVID testing and vaccinations to fight the pandemic. During the quarter, we also undertook important actions to advance our strategic priorities and to ensure our asset portfolio is strongly aligned. We initiated a review of the Boots business, and this process is progressing well. Looking ahead, we are maintaining our full year adjusted EPS guidance of low single-digit growth, which we raised in January. Our outlook incorporates healthy fundamentals in our core business as demonstrated with robust sales and earnings growth year-to-date, balanced against ongoing investments in our growth initiatives and our people. We are delivering against our Investor Day commitments as laid out in October. We're moving quickly to execute our vision of consumer-centric, technology-enabled health care solutions, which extend well beyond the pharmacy walls. As we began to offer a care delivery experience that improves health outcomes and lowers cost for patients, providers and payers, we are well positioned to drive accelerated sustainable value creation. Next, I want to take a moment to review Walgreens initiatives to provide local communities with access to important resources during the pandemic and as we navigate the recovery into an endemic scenario. In the U.S., we administered 11.8 million COVID-19 vaccinations within the quarter and over 62 million to date. Our pharmacy team members are health care heroes. The majority of our patients and customers see their pharmacists more than they do any other health care provider, and we recognize their tireless dedication and contributions to the pandemic response. The Omicron wave in December and January also drove elevated levels of COVID testing, both in-store and at home. We completed 6.6 million in-store COVID tests during the quarter and over 27 million to date. In addition to our drive-thru testing at no cost to patients, we've now launched convenient at-home COVID PCR test collection kits with LabCorp at no cost nationwide. This is particularly important for uninsured, socially vulnerable and medically underserved populations, who continue to be among those most impacted by COVID. And as we all start to resume normal activities, Walgreens will remain a partner to our communities to ensure safer connections and improve mobility. Our leadership in vaccines and testing is just one way that we are becoming the leading partner in reimagining local health care and well-being for all. The second quarter included significant progress towards each of our 4 strategic priorities. Let me update you on our latest initiatives, and then spend a moment on the drivers of execution at Walgreens Health. First, we are transforming and aligning the core business and building a pharmacy of the future that will enable and support our health care strategy. We saw continued momentum online in the second quarter with digital sales up 38% in the U.S. or 116% on a 2-year stack basis. Same-day pickup orders accelerated sequentially to 3.9 million orders. We have also enrolled over 96 million myWalgreens members, up nearly 11 million since the fourth quarter. We are now focused on activating members through personalized omnichannel messaging and offers. Additionally, our alternative profit streams are performing well, including our media advertising business, which launched a year ago and is running ahead of expectations. We continue to see digital media as a significant opportunity for us. Finally, we have 3 automated micro fulfillment centers open and are on pace to have 22 by the end of fiscal '24, driving significant efficiencies and cost savings over time. We expect these centers to ultimately cover 40% to 50% of prescriptions for pharmacy served, removing routine tasks and excess inventory from the local sites. Second, we're building a platform of technology-enabled health care solutions with the consumer in mind, which is well positioned to fuel our next phase of growth. Nearly half of our store footprint will have a health care touch point between our organic Walgreens Health corners and the co-located clinics with VillageMD. VillageMD has now opened 102 co-located clinics, and the rollout has accelerated to an average pace of 1 opening every 3 days for calendar year 2022. On the health corners front, we remain on pace to have 100 sites in operation by year-end. Third, we are refocusing our portfolio and optimizing capital allocation. We continue to apply a rigorous strategic lens to our equity investments and explore all options to unlock value. Recently, we have gained full ownership of the AllianceRx Walgreens business and our German wholesale JV, creating greater agility ahead. We have also announced the strategic review of our Boots business. This process is progressing well, and we will pursue an outcome that maximizes value. Finally, we are building a diverse winning team that will underpin our strategic priorities. Our deep and experienced bench is executing our strong results today and implementing the bold steps necessary to drive growth ahead. We are making rapid progress towards building out Walgreens Health with a clear path to a run rate of more than $4 billion exiting fiscal year 2022, well on our way to our goal of $9 billion to $10 billion in sales by fiscal 2025. We will improve health outcomes and lower cost for payers and providers by delivering care through owned and partnered assets. The goal is to support the patient journey across the entire care continuum through omnichannel solution. This is why you see these complementary assets spanning primary care through VillageMD, specialty pharmacy through Shield and post-acute care through our pending care-centric investment. The health corners play an important role in addressing care gaps through our health advisers. Today, Blue Shield California and Kroger members can walk in and have access to clinical services like A1C testing, colorectal cancer screening and blood pressure monitoring. I'm particularly moved by stories of these patients receiving emotional support while navigating what can be an overwhelming and impersonal experience in U.S. health care. Much like our pharmacists, our health advisers are becoming trusted neighborhood sources of education, recommendations and connections that can help our patients to better manage their wellness. This is a transformational process to become a leader in value-based care as only Walgreens can do through our trusted customer relationships, local knowledge and deep data insights. We will leverage our strong footprint and independent standing to offer uniquely consumer-centric solutions for our communities. We are executing on our vision today. Our partnership with VillageMD positions them to be one of the largest and most differentiated primary care providers in the U.S. The collaboration is a significant growth catalyst, driving 1,000 co-located clinics across more than 30 markets by 2027. VillageMD is in 22 markets today, most recently expanding to Boston, Jacksonville and Tucson in February; Denver in January; and San Antonio in December. VillageMD's care delivery model is highly scalable with attractive unit economics over time. Shields continues to rapidly expand its platform, representing specialty patients across more than 30 disease states with more than 70 health system partners nationwide. In November and February, Shields inked new deals with 2 significant health systems with geographic reach in the Northwest and Northeast U.S. Importantly, WBA and Shields are collaborating to identify instances where their networks intersect to combine Shields' operational expertise with WBA's robust nationwide pharmacy network. In our organic Walgreens Health business, we are pleased with the rollout of our health corners with Blue Shield California and Kroger, where we are gathering tremendous insights. We are in the process of signing on incremental partners, and we will initiate the next wave of 9 health corners in California in April. We also continued to refine the consumer app, adding new features to increase access, engagement and convenience. Overall, we are tracking well against our key milestones for Walgreens Health and remain very excited about our growth potential. We are executing across our balanced plans for fiscal 2022 as we build a strong foundation for a sustainable low teens EPS growth. We are reimagining health care and well-being for all with a clear path towards accelerated value creation. With that, I'll hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. We had an excellent quarter with focused execution across all of our businesses. Adjusted EPS was $1.59, ahead of expectations and on a constant currency basis, up 26% versus prior year. We continue to execute strongly in COVID vaccinations and testing. Our U.S. retail comps were the highest in 20 years, and our international markets continued to recover nicely. And we increased our investments to build out our Walgreens Health business with an EPS impact of 5 percentage points in the quarter. Operating cash flow was $1.1 billion in the quarter with free cash flow of $669 million. And finally, we are maintaining our full year outlook of low-single-digit growth in adjusted EPS. Let's now look at the results in more detail. Second quarter sales advanced 3.8% on a constant currency basis. Strong growth from Walgreens and the International segments and sales contributions from Walgreens Health more than offset a 570 basis point impact from the sales decline in AllianceRx Walgreens. Overall, if you exclude the negative impact from AllianceRx and the positive M&A activity in Walgreens Health, total sales growth was high single digits. Adjusted operating income increased 35.9% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong gross profit performance in both pharmacy and retail in the U.S. and a continued rebound in international sales and profitability. Adjusted EPS was $1.59 in the quarter, a constant currency increase of 26%, driven entirely by adjusted operating income. The result was held back by a higher tax rate, which reduced EPS growth by 15 percentage points. GAAP EPS decreased 4.1% to $1.02, reflecting a charge to the company's equity investments related to the impairment of minority investments as well as lapping a $191 million gain from the partial sale of our investment in Option Care Health in the year-ago quarter. Now let's move to the year-to-date highlights. Year-to-date sales advanced 5.7% on a constant currency basis, including a 400 basis point negative impact from AllianceRx. Without this impact, year-to-date sales growth was 9.7%. Adjusted operating income increased 42% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong adjusted gross profit growth across pharmacy and retail in the U.S. and the continued rebound in international segment sales and profitability. Adjusted EPS advanced 39%. GAAP EPS increased by $4.54 to $5.15, reflecting a $2.5 billion after-tax gain in the first quarter related to the valuation of our prior investments in VillageMD and Shields as well as lapping a $1.2 billion charge, net of tax, from the company's equity earnings in AmerisourceBergen in the year-ago period. Now let's move to the U.S. segment. Sales increased 1.2% in the quarter, with a strong performance from Walgreens more than offsetting a 680 basis points headwind from a 43% sales decline in the AllianceRx specialty business. Comparable sales advanced 9.5% in the quarter. Adjusted gross profit increased 13.7%, with both pharmacy and retail growing in the low teens. Strong sales growth and favorable mix was only partially offset by lower reimbursement rates and higher shrink in distribution costs. Adjusted SG&A spend increased 8.3%, primarily due to investments relating to vaccinations and labor, partially offset by savings from the transformational cost management program. SG&A as a percentage of sales increased 120 basis points to 18.3% of sales, and this was almost entirely due to an adverse mix impact as a result of AllianceRx. Adjusted operating income growth of 37% was entirely due to strong gross profit performance. Now let's look in more detail at U.S. pharmacy. Pharmacy sales declined 3.3%, held back by a 9.1 percentage point negative impact from AllianceRx. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 7.3%, while comp scripts increased 4.7%, with COVID-19 vaccinations accounting for 275 basis points of script growth. We completed 11.8 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the quarter and administered 6.6 million COVID-19 tests. Pharmacy benefited in the quarter from improved seasonal scripts as well as higher-than-expected flu immunizations. However, scripts continue to be challenged by temporary operating our reductions due to labor shortages and a surge of Omicron-related absences. Pharmacy adjusted gross profit grew nicely as strong sales growth at Walgreens and favorable profit mix more than offset reimbursement pressure. Turning next to our U.S. retail business. Comp retail sales increased 14.7%, the highest increase in more than 20 years. Excluding tobacco, comps were up 15.7%, and with OTC test kits contributing approximately 690 basis points of growth. Compared to the second quarter of 2020 pre-COVID levels, comp sales were up mid-teens. We saw broad growth across all categories, led by a 43% growth in health and wellness, driven by at-home COVID-19 test and cough, cold and flu. Transactions were up 9.5% and discretionary categories performed well, with personal care comp sales growing 9.7% and beauty growing 6.5%. While gross margin declined slightly, strong sales growth drove low teens growth in gross profit. Turning next to the International segment. And as always, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Sales increased 7.5% in the quarter, reflecting the ongoing recovery and strong execution across our retail portfolio, particularly in Boots U.K. where sales advanced 15%. Adjusted operating income was $226 million in the quarter, up 60% versus prior year, led by sales growth and tight cost control. In Germany, the integration of the McKesson wholesale business is very much on track, with operational synergy benefits running ahead of schedule. Let's now look in more detail at Boots U.K. Comparable pharmacy sales increased 3.6%. Stronger demand for services contributed to the increase with sales up almost 75% year-on-year, benefiting from COVID-19 testing and vaccinations as well as new online health care services. Comp retail sales increased 22% despite the headwind created by the Omicron variant. This reflected strong commercial execution and a recovery from the restrictions in the comparable quarter. Market share strengthened across all categories, with beauty performing particularly well. Boots.com sales declined in the quarter as footfall at our physical stores increased 52%. However, the boots.com business remains in a very strong position, with sales up 60% compared to the pre-COVID levels. More than 15% of total U.K. retail sales comes from our digital channel, up from around 9% pre-COVID, with an increasing proportion of sales originating from our mobile app. Turning next to Walgreens Health. As mentioned last quarter, our majority investments in Shields and VillageMD closed on October 29 and November 24, respectively. Segment sales were $527 million in the quarter, with $446 million from VillageMD and $81 million from Shields Health. Walgreens Health AOI was a loss of $77 million in the quarter. Organic investments increased sequentially and accounted for $31 million of the $77 million operating loss. Investments at VillageMD more than offset the profit contribution from Shields Health and led to a $46 million AOI loss from majority investments. VillageMD sales advanced 145% on a pro forma basis, and they are executing against the planned investments to grow the business and to quickly expand the clinics . Shields delivered a strong quarter. Pro forma sales growth was 63% with improved operating margins, driven by growth from new and recently signed contracts and from expanding our value-added proposition with existing health system partners. Let's now look at some of the key metrics for Walgreens Health. We are on track to meet our December 2022 goal of 2 million lives and more than 100 Walgreens health corners, with 47 already up and running. The next wave of 9 locations is scheduled to launch in California in April. The rollout of VillageMD continues with 94 co-located clinics opened at the end of the second quarter, up from 81 at the end of the first quarter. As of today, we have 102 co-located clinics opened, progressing towards our goal of 200 by the end of calendar year 2022. Our fiscal 2022 sales goal is now at $2.2 billion, given the delay in the closing of the CareCentrix investment. There are no changes to our underlying sales assumptions. And as you can see, VillageMD and Shields are delivering impressive growth with pro forma combined sales growth of 128% in the quarter. Turning next to cash flow. We generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow in the first half of the year, $550 million below prior year, as we cycled through some exceptional headways. Strong growth in operating income was offset by the working capital impact of a decline in the AllianceRx Walgreens business, the year-over-year impact of COVID-19-related government support and increased capital expenditures behind key growth initiatives, including the rollout of new automated micro fulfillment centers, the VillageMD footprint expansion and continued omnichannel and digital investments. Turning now to full year guidance. We are maintaining our full year guidance of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS. We have, however, raised our estimate for the base business from 5% to 7% growth to 6% to 8% growth to reflect strong U.S. front-of-store performance and increased testing revenue. This upside is being reinvested in building out our health care business, which now represents an estimated 5 percentage points headwind to EPS growth compared to 4 percentage points previously. In summary, we are confirming our full year EPS guidance of low single-digit growth. And I would remind you that this is better than our original guidance provided at the start of the fiscal year. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing comments.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. Let me be brief so we can take as many questions as possible. We are executing well with another strong quarter, marking another step in our transformation. We are making significant progress across our strategic priorities. Our team members continue to amaze me with their dedication and talent, as I visit many of our stores and offices across our regions. It's because of their hard work that Walgreens Boots Alliance has been recognized with recent honors such as being named the Best Company's List of the World's 50 Most Innovative Companies and Times 100 Most Influential Companies. Our team members, in particular, provide me with deep conviction: that we have what it takes to truly reimagine health care and well-being for all and deliver long-term value creation. Now I would like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question is from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: First, I just wanted to start, James, with your comment that you said the quarter was ahead of your expectations. But when I think about the next several quarters, were there things that were pulled forward into this quarter, would be my first question. And how are you thinking -- you made a comment about testing. I would assume testing was very strong in January and February, but what have you seen more recently when we think about your higher revenue due to testing? Is that just because of what you saw in the most recent quarter or expectations going forward?
James Kehoe: Yes. So no, when we -- I made the comment about ahead of expectations. I believe we're maybe $0.20 ahead of consensus. But versus our internal forecast, we were about $0.08 ahead. And where we saw continued buoyancy was on retail. Front of store had continued, particularly in the first 2 months of the quarter, and then secondly, on testing, as Omicron was peaking. So there were the 2 items that drove our beat versus internal forecast, which I said was about $0.08. Now we've seen a fairly -- we've seen a slowdown, obviously, since then, and maybe I'll pass it over to John Standley for a couple of comments on what he's seeing currently.
John Standley: Well, I guess the part of the big news there really is just we did start vaccinating the fourth shot yesterday. So what was slowing down has kind of picked up a bit here in the last 24 hours as far as the vaccine goes. I think on the testing, it did slow down as we came through the holidays in January into February and now into March. But there is -- there has been still a steady business there for travel and most people still needing to test. So down quite a bit, but a nice steady stream still ongoing.
Lisa Gill: And John, just as a follow-up. We hear pharmacists as a provider, and I know you've been a big proponent of this, and we absolutely agree that throughout the pandemic, that the pharmacists have been on the front line. But what does that really mean? Does that change reimbursement? Does it change their role when we think about them from a health care perspective?
John Standley: Yes. It's a pretty important point. And we did -- I know Roz was in DC a couple of days ago, we did get a piece of legislation moving here just in the last week, that's the equitable pharmacists access though. And that's really around provider access and our ability to build under Medicare Part B for services around testing and treating influenza, strep and things like that. And I really think that's a pretty sizable addressable market today. That's honestly largely moved out of primary care physicians anyway and gone into convenient care. But it's -- I think it just -- there's a real opportunity in our business to have a really convenient solution. We provide access, obviously, close to 9,000 locations. And I think our pharmacists and our technicians are more than capable, as we've shown during the pandemic, of delivering these kinds of services. That's a pretty big game changer if we can gain access to that market and in terms of how we grow our business and in terms of the value we can provide in the communities we serve.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: So just regarding the Boots business and the ongoing strategic review of that asset, just a couple of interrelated questions. First, can you remind us where this asset stands at the moment just on how much the profitability in fiscal '22 is impaired by COVID versus the pre-COVID baselines? And if I missed this, are you able to disclose how much of the International segment operating profit of $226 million this quarter is specifically related to the Boots' asset that's under strategic review?
Rosalind Brewer: James, I'll turn that one over to you on Boots.
James Kehoe: Okay. Let me just pick the last of your question.  is Germany. And Germany doesn't make very much money. It's a wholesale business. It's driving a lot of favorable synergies in the go-forward position. But right now, it's only marginally profitable. So you could presume that the majority of the profitability in the International segment is related to the U.K. business. I'm sorry, the first part of your question? 
Steven Valiquette: Yes, James, you might have alluded to this a little bit during the prepared remarks. But as we think about just the profitability of that segment in fiscal 22, where does it stand like your profitability on pre-COVID baselines? Are we well above? Are we still a bit low? Are we kind of in line? Just any rough percentage around that might be helpful just to frame it.
A James Kehoe: No, I think were still quite a bit below, call it, the 2 or 3-year stacks. Foot traffic hasnt fully recovered in the U.K. I think its like in 15% below where it was 2 years ago, just in terms of foot traffic. The U.K. reacted  so first of all, they have a fabulous quarter given that they had a big spike in Omicron in the quarter, and its a very foot-traffic driven business. And the traffic shifts really quickly. So look at the quarter they just have, and foot traffic was actually up 52%, but it still remains about 15% below where it was 2 years ago, right? So it hasnt fully retired. And I think if you cycle back a couple of conference calls, what we said was we expect the Boots U.K. business to broadly get back to the pre-COVID levels when theyre exiting 2022. I would say that if you actually looked at it on a sales basis, it will be 2023 year before Boots fully gets back to pre-COVID levels. So theres a lot of good growth ahead in the U.K. and International segment driven by that. Theyve done a spectacular job of cost control. And then secondly, the other part that I dont think we get credit for is boots.com in the U.K. Thats 60% growth on a 2-year stack basis. And I dont think theres many retailers in the U.K. that have a boots.com business that represents 15% of sales. So this is a business that used COVID as a time to really invent itself and exit much, much more strongly than it went into COVID. So this is a business with massive momentum and small position for the future, has a large and fast-growing dot-com business. So were very happy with it. But as I said, your question is a good one. It wont fully recover until fiscal year 23. So theres a rather positive growth ahead.
Operator: The next question is from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: In terms of -- you talked about sort of reinvesting in the health care business, when you were talking about the components of the second half EPS numbers. One, could you talk about sort of where those -- what those increased investments are? And then two, can you talk about your sort of where you're seeing labor costs come in versus your expectations? I know that you sort of pointed to that as a driver of SG&A and obviously, as well then the costs are coming up. I just wanted to understand sort of how that's trending as we move through the fiscal year.
Rosalind Brewer: Elizabeth, thanks for the question. I'll start off with Walgreens Health, and then I'll ask members of the team to join in. But from a Walgreens Health perspective, we continue to invest. As you all know, we made the investments in VillageMD, CareCentrix and Shields. We're pleased with where we are with those investments, and we're integrating where it would make sense in our health care continuum. So that work is ongoing, and we're satisfied in that respect. We did mention when we were at our Investors Day back in October that we would continue to invest in the business, and we'll continue to do that. And I will also mention that we're seeing really good performance, particularly in our specialty pharmacy area with Shields, and so that would be ongoing. I'm going to ask James to talk with any further detail on Walgreens' Health with the investments. And then, John, if you could take it from there.
James Kehoe: Yes, just quickly, Elizabeth. Basically, what we said is we  finally, we maintain guidance. We took up savings on the Boots business, and we increased the investment on health care from 4 percentage points of EPS to 5 percentage points. And one is to send a clear message that we're serious and we're making strong progress. And as we're in the second half of the year, there's a fairly big shift between first half and second half. Second half is about 7% of EPS headwinds coming from the investments in health care. Specifically, what were we doing? We've increased slightly and VillageMD has increased slightly its investments behind the opening of the co-located clinics. You'd recall in the last conference call, we raised the guidance for the full year from 160 clinics in the calendar year to 200. But now we're just aligning a bit the expenses and the phasing of those rollouts. So probably is a longer-term positive just readjusting expenses in the short term. The other thing is we're really doubling down on the organic investments to meet the requirements of Blue Shield California and Kroger. We're making strong progress against both of those. So call it a reinforcement of expenses exiting the year because we're residents here. We want to exit the year stronger than when we entered. So this is all about investing in the future growth of the company. And John, maybe I'll pass it over to you on the labor question.
John Standley: Yes. I think I'd just make a couple of comments. One, I'm really excited about the investments that we're making in the Walgreens business. We're really deep into our micro fulfillment strategy and rollout. And as we've talked about previously, this is really a program we're rolling out to support our pharmacists and get work out of our store and free up team member time to really provide additional services in the pharmacy. So I'm really excited about that investment and the progress that we're making there. And we touched on with Liza earlier about some of the potential value drivers there. I think there's just a lot of upside there for us in the future. So super excited about that. And there's other investments that we're making in the business in addition to that, around pharmacy with automation in our call centers and things like that to improve the experience and take other work out of the stores and out of the pharmacy. On the labor side, as we've talked about over several quarters, have made some really significant investments here. We raised our starting wage across the company to $13 last fall and we moved up to $15 in the fall of '23. And we also made changes to our tech. Starting wages went to $15 in the fall into $16.50 this coming fall. And I think we talked about where we were with some investments.  Last quarter, we had about $120 million of investments that we've made for wage premiums and hard de-stackers with pharmacists as well as recognition bonuses that we paid to really recognize our team members for really the hard work and dedication that they've shown here through the pandemic. And I think as we look forward on where we are versus our expectations related to all of that, I think we included in our updated guidance here about a $40 million of additional expense in the back half of the year. So pretty close to what we expected.
Operator: Our next question is from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: I wondered, obviously, you're rolling out at a nice pace, both the health centers, the Walgreens Health centers as well as the VillageMD, and you've got a number of that are co-located. I wonder if you could -- if it's possible to start to talk or provide a little more information on how that is impacting the retail operations. Can you point to increased scripts volume or increased foot traffic in the front end that you can attribute to, either the co-located VillageMD or the health centers, how that's changing the profile of the stores on those ones that have the co-located offerings?
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, A.J., for that question. So first of all, it's still early days for us in terms of the number of VillageMD clinics and to see that transfer of script volume over to the stores. What's more important here is that just to remind everyone that this is a primary care physician practice. And what we're really building are key relationships, the relationship with the consumer between the primary care physician and the pharmacist. And that's where we're seeing the greatest uptick right now is in patient satisfaction and access to health care and neighborhood markets. And so we'll continue to look at this and look at script uplift. But right now, the focus is really on gaining the confidence and creating new relationships in the marketplace. The other thing I will tell you is as we see these expand across the U.S., I will tell you, after having walked several of them and watch the patient feedback, it's comforting to see just how much engagement we're getting with the patient. And also, too, it's actually great for our pharmacists because they are much more engaged with the patient and the customer because they have the information coming over directly from the primary care physician's office just inside the building. So we'll continue to update you as we see those numbers come in from script count growth, but it's still a little bit too early for that.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to add on to that, just to give you some perspective, I want to clarify. You'll see 2 benefits as we go forward. One is we're absolutely convinced on script up mix. We're just not providing the number on a quarterly basis, and we'll do a more comprehensive update in the future. The other one not to underestimate and this is more an impact on Village's performances. They have a lot of older practices where a pharmacist and a doctor together managing the patients, deliver lower medical costs than just a primary care physician by themselves. So the other big hiccups that has to play out in the co-located stores is the combined effort of pharmacists together with a primary care physician in managing down the cost of time care over time. And as I said, they have strong evidence on their stand-alone clinics, and that will translate over time to improved outperformance on the clinics they've collocated with us. So there's a bunch of KPIs we're watching very, very closely. But bear in mind, it takes 2 years for a clinic to get up to kind of a reasonable level of operations, so -- and achieve a breakeven. So it does take time for the statistics to come through. But we're absolutely convinced that both of these would be in great territory over the coming year or 2.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Rhyee with Cowen.
Charles Rhyee : Maybe I want to ask, as you previously kind of talked about that, in addition to Blue Shield California and Kroger, that you're engaging with a number of interested parties to get to the 2 million lives goal by the end of this year. Can you kind of give us a sense of what type of folks you're speaking with? And kind of characterize where you are in those discussions? And perhaps how close you might be to signing some?
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. So Dave, thanks for that question. So we had committed that we would have 5 significant relationships by the end of the year. And I will tell you that we have 2 of those, 1 in Blue Shield California and then the other 1 with Kroger. There's a third one that we've just recently signed and we'll be announcing shortly here. So we feel like we're on a really good track record here in terms of how we are looking at these entities and moving them forward. The other significant piece is that we are adding health corners out in California to support the current relationships with Blue Shield of California and also with Kroger. So we've got more of the health corners coming on. And as -- just as a reminder, those health corners, they are becoming the health advisers in the community and provide something on top of when you think about the work we're doing with VillageMD. So we are encouraged and really aggressive in developing these relationships, and we have a commercial team that is working alongside to make sure that these come online, and then we do the work that we need to do to bring the health corners up to speed to support them. So we'll hit the 5 contracts that we talked about at the beginning of the year.
Charles Rhyee : Great. I appreciate that. And just a follow-up. If we think about the work you do with health corners, the partnership with Blue Shield, VillageMD, Clearly, we saw with COVID testing a real rise in people doing at-home testing. Have you thought about the role of at-home diagnostics has? And how that would fit within sort of the Walgreens Health business that you're building?
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. We learned a lot during the COVID testing process, and I think we talked earlier about the work we're doing with LabCorp to provide at-home COVID test. So it's giving us a real bright light into what more we can do in this space. I know that John Standley's team is developing a lot of the work around diagnostics and at-home testing through our retail business. I don't know, John, if you wanted to add anything more to that question.
John Standley: No, I do think it's a big opportunity and an excellent way for us to engage with our chronic patients to help them manage their disease states. So I think there's plenty of good upside here, and more of these types of tests are becoming available all the time. So we are working closely with a lot of pharma and manufacturers to turn and gain access to those capabilities as they come to market.
Rosalind Brewer: The only other thing I would add to that, too, is that the discussion earlier around being able to test and treat in our stores, it's not only against the COVID virus, but it's also, just imagine if there's a stress threat diagnosis, our pharmacists, hopefully, will be able to test that in store, which we currently do and then treat them, send the patient home. And so while that's not in-home testing, it is creating an opportunity for the patient to take care of themselves and recover it in a home setting.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Jack Slevin: It's Jack Slevin on for Brian. I just want to look at the '22 guidance and really use that and where we stand with the back half of the year as a jumping off when to look at '23. So when you look at what you're implying with the guidance and acknowledging that it sounds like there's some upside maybe from fourth listers or fourth shots, but at the higher end of the guidance, it's about $1.79 of EPS in the back half of the year. Historically, you've done roughly 50% or a little bit lower than 50% of your EPS in the back half of your fiscal year. So when I bridge from, call it, $3.60 to $3.70 of EPS that's implied on a full year basis from that back half guide, can you just help me look at the back half of this year, bridging to that $5.15 of EPS that you sort of put a stake in the ground around at Investor Day and how we get there based on back half performance?
Rosalind Brewer: So Jack, let me start off by -- I'm going to start really talking about '23 and then any specifics on the second half of the year and the guidance that we've already provided, maybe just so create a broader discussion for us. But first of all, we're not providing any guidance for fiscal year '23. But we are exiting the year with a real position of strength. We're executing on what we said we would do, including the raising of our fiscal '22 guidance that we did just not too long ago. You'll see a few things in the numbers here. We indicated that we would make some strategic moves here and make some further investments, but we're really positioned in '23 to continue to deliver on our Walgreen-s Health investments. When you think about it, the growth in Walgreen-s Health is about 125% in the quarter. We'll hit a $4 billion run rate level of sales as we exit the year. And we still have long-term plans to hit a $9 billion to $10 billion number in 2025. But the one thing I do want to mention is around -- if you look at the fiscal '22 guidance, there's some additional detail in there. We had incremental people investments in pharmacy, around $158 million. That's roughly about $0.14 of EPS above our October guidance. We had minimum wage increases in the October guidance. And with just looking at that, that's about a 2% EPS headwind in the second half of the year. We also -- just looking at inflation, inflation is on the rise. So we expect to pass through most of that and inflationary impacts and some impacts in the short term also. So when you look at this, I just want to summarize that we're not going to give guidance for '23. We came out of the quarter strong, and we're managing through the second half. James, anything you want to add on the second half?
James Kehoe: Yes. Jack, I think as you look to it, we said before versus our internal estimates, we beat in the second quarter by about , and so we're reinvesting in that. We believe we've got a bunch of exciting growth opportunities, particularly in Walgreens Health probably want to fund exiting the year.  But I think as you look in the second half, bear in mind a couple of things is -- and I'm going to give you 2 numbers. It's the EPS growth in Q3 and Q4 of last year. So in Q3, which was the peak of vaccinations, we grew EPS 97%. That's a pretty -- that's what we're cycling through. And in Q4, we grew 26%. So the average is somewhere in there in the 60% range. So those are what we're cycling. And I think it shouldn't really come as a surprise to most of you on the phone, if you've done the math on vaccinations and the contribution last year, what we're facing in the second half of the year is we're lapping vaccinations, and our best estimate of that is around the 20% headwind in the second half. So it's almost . The second part is the labor investments that John mentioned before, 5 percentage points and the last one is Walgreens Health . So the Walgreens Health had been signaled well in advance. The vaccinations, we all knew about what we delivered last year. And the only real new news in the second half is this 5% of labor investments. That being said,  say that the guidance is conservative, but we haven't factored in the impact of the fourth shot for the over 50s. We're still assessing how much that is worth. Could it be 2 million, 3 million, 4 million vaccines. It's probably, in the midpoint, maybe 3. So is there a $0.05 and $0.08 of upside there? Yes, there probably is. But between now and the end of the year, a lot of stuff can change. Please I'm excited about, though, I recently went through a review on inflation. We have basically offset all the inflationary impacts, and that includes a massive increase in the cost of international ocean freight, which is 1 of the biggest headaches in the -- for most retailers right now. So we're sitting in a fairly decent position with regards to inflation. We think our model will work, and we're looking forward and quite optimistic about the future. And the front of stores is on a spectacular year. Okay, we've had a fair amount of systems from the , but we over delivered there. We executed very strongly. So maybe, John, you could give some insight into the front-of-store plans we have on the own brand and other areas into next year. So we're quite excited, Jack, as we look forward into '23, but we're not getting into the game of giving '23 guidance in every conference call. John?
John Standley: Yes. I'll just pick that up. I mean, I think a couple of things. We're -- obviously, we talked some about myWalgreens and mass personalization. I think we've done a great job here. We have a lot of upside with our program here and kind of where we're going between that program and the Walgreens advertising group and the different things that we're working on there. So I think just from an omnichannel experience, some of the capabilities we've built and where we can go here over the next couple of years, I think a lot of potential and exciting upside for us. As James mentioned, we're very focused on our own brand. We think we have an opportunity to expand in additional categories in the store, but also develop in existing categories, the own brand offering. And we're making some good investments there in terms of how we go to market and how we position it within the store. We're pretty excited about the things that we're doing there. And then I think we talked a little bit about the fact that we are taking a very careful look and a lot of our merchandising and where we're going for the future inside the box from a front-end perspective. So if we look at that, there hasn't probably been a full store reset in most of these stores, maybe ever since they were built. So we have a pretty big, we think, merchandising opportunity ahead of us on the front end as well. So it'll just be a couple of things, James, I'd call out.
Operator: The next question is from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: I guess I was going to ask another question about Walgreens Health. If I look at the presentation versus the prior quarter, it looks like you guys are ratcheting back full year revenue expectations pretty sharply despite increasing the number of co-located clients. I was wondering if you could just put a little more color around the expectations there and kind of what's driving the revision?
James Kehoe: Yes, we should have probably cut the mid up here. It's only due to CareCentrix. We've had some regulatory follow-up questions. And the closing we previously assumed would be actually at the end of the previous quarter. So we're just delayed in terms of closing. There's absolutely no impact on long-term projections here. I would actually say quite the opposite. Just look at the pro forma sales growth that we're seeing on the 2 businesses, VillageMD growing 145% and Shields which is actually among mature business even and VillageMD growing at 63%. So Shields is probably substantially ahead of the original plan we have in mind and Village is very much on the track. And we can't get involved in anything CareCentrix is doing right now because the acquisition hasn't closed, but our understanding is they're doing quite well as well. So we're actually really excited because this pro forma sales growth and business of 128%. That's why we're investing in exiting the year. We may be going in next year with a $4 billion-plus run rate company with a target within 3 years to be up $10 billion, approaching $10 billion. And the more we get our arms around this and the more we get into it, the more we're convinced these are very easily achievable targets.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over to Roz Brewer for any closing remarks.
Rosalind Brewer: So thanks, everyone, for your time and your interest in WBA. I'm really glad we were able to take several questions today and cover a range of topics, including continued success were seeing in our core business, particularly vaccinations and testing. I think you've recognized the momentum in our International segment, our significant progress in our health care business and also to new ways that we're serving our patients and our customers even further.  So we're really pleased that you recognize that. I couldn't be more excited about where were heading right now. And were pleased that the great work of our team can be seen in our strong quarter. We'll continue to execute well across our strategic priorities and keep you up to date on those. But we're really confident in our actions and the plans that we have to exit fiscal 2022 in a position of strength much stronger than before the pandemic, which was our plan all along. Thus, we build our growth engine and really try and drive this sustainable value creation we've been talking about. We'll keep you posted. We've got work ahead of us, but we're encouraged and excited. So thank you, and talk to you again real soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tiffany, you may begin your conference.
Tiffany Kanaga: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for the Walgreens Boots Alliance earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. Im Tiffany Kanaga, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Joining me on todays call are Roz Brewer, our Chief Executive Officer; and James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer. As always, during the conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 2 and those outlined in our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. You can find our press release and the slides referenced on this call in the Investors section of the Walgreens Boots Alliance website. The slides and the press release also contain further information about non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today during this call. I will now turn the call over to Roz.
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. We are off to a very strong start to the fiscal year. First quarter sales increased 7.6% in constant currency. And adjusted EPS grew 53%, well ahead of our expectation. This strong performance was underpinned by enhanced execution across all of our business segments and supported by ongoing contributions from vaccinations and testing. Our testing and vaccinations are tailwinds for our business. I am very proud of the continued success of our core businesses, with strong growth in U.S. retail and robust recovery in our international markets. We are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance to low single digit growth versus flat previously. We are capitalizing on our first quarter performance and overall business momentum to make incremental investment of roughly $120 million in our people or 2 percentage points against EPS. As a reminder, building a high performance culture and winning team is one of our four key strategic priorities and is foundational to the other three: first, transform and align the core; second, build our next growth engine with consumer-centric healthcare solutions; and third, focus for portfolio and optimize capital allocation. Absent these incremental investments, our revised adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 22 would have been 3% to 5% growth. You may recall that our original guidance already included a 4 percentage-point headwind from investments to build out our healthcare growth engine, investments that we strongly believe will position the Company for attractive low-teens earnings growth over the long-term. As we will show you today, we are delivering well against our Investor Day commitment as laid out in October, and making meaningful progress towards our strategic priorities. While it remains early days in implementing our vision, the bold steps we are taking are clear, and we are committed to creating sustainable value for our shareholders. I want to take a moment to discuss our role in the fight against the pandemic, which demonstrates Walgreens leadership in promoting the health of the consumers who live in our community. In the U.S., we administered 15.6 million COVID-19 vaccinations within the quarter. This achievement was made possible through the extraordinary work of our pharmacy team members. We recognize their dedication to supporting our patients, our customers, and our community as we continue to help lead the nations efforts in combating the pandemic. Nearly one year after we began our vaccination program with one COVID shot at a long-term care facility in Columbus, Ohio, we reached an important milestone for Walgreens at the end of the first quarter, 50 million COVID vaccinations administered to members of our communities. As of Monday, we had administered over 56 million COVID vaccinations, and we are not slowing down in our efforts. Walgreens began offering COVID vaccine boosters in September, and to date, we have administered over 9 million doses. As of November, we started administering COVID vaccinations to children, ages 5 to 11, in thousands of stores across the U.S., just in time as many families prepare to travel and gather for the holidays and variants continue to emerge. We are particularly proud of being the largest pediatric vaccine provider in the pharmacy channel as a powerful testament to the trust that families are placing in our Walgreens pharmacy team members. Importantly about 40% of Walgreens stores offering the Pfizer COVID vaccine to children ages 5 to 11 are located in areas with a high social vulnerability index score. Our testing and diagnostics business has also accelerated, with over 22.9 million COVID tests completed to-date. Not only will we continue to grow this vital service as part of our pandemic efforts, we are building on this platform as we are developing a wider range of testing and diagnostic solutions for our customers. Our execution in vaccines and testing, our outperformance in first quarter and our healthcare investments are clear steps towards fulfilling our vision to be the leading partner in re-imagining local healthcare and wellbeing for all. We are making significant progress toward the broader commitments we established in October, along our four strategic priorities. Let me provide you with some details on several important initiatives. First, we are transforming and aligning the core business and building a pharmacy of the future that will enable and support our healthcare strategy. We had an especially strong first quarter online, including buy online pickup in store. Digital sales were up 88% in the U.S., driven by 3.6 million same day pickup orders. Walgreens saw its biggest Cyber Monday ever. And importantly, average order value is about $30 online versus $20 in stores, expanding our overall basket size as the digital channel continues to mature. We are in the early innings of possibilities for Walgreens digital platform. Weve enrolled over 92 million MyWalgreens members, up 7.2 million since the fourth quarter. Additionally, our alternative profits businesses are growing nicely, including media advertising and financial services. Second, were building a platform of consumer-centric healthcare solutions, which we expect to fuel our next phase of growth. We closed in our Shields and VillageMD majority investments in October and November, respectively, and our CareCentrix investment is scheduled to close by the end of the third quarter. We have 81 VillageMD co-located centers now open as the rollout has accelerated to a pace of a new opening every four to five days for calendar year 2022. Our consumer health app is live with our Blue Shield California and Clover partners for their qualifying members. We are operating 47 Health Corners, including 10 recent openings in California. Were looking at a rapid cadence of adding a new Health Corner every week on average in 2022. Third, we are refocusing our portfolio and optimizing capital allocation. We are applying a rigorous strategic lens to our equity investments and exploring all options to unlock values. Most recently, we have agreed to acquire 100% ownership of both, AllianceRx Walgreens Prime and our German wholesale JV, creating greater agility ahead. Finally, we are building a diverse winning team that will underpin our strategic priorities. Were getting even closer to the consumer by adding Tracey Brown as our Chief Customer Officer on the back of her innovation at the American Diabetes Association and Sams Club. Our Chief Transformation and Integration Officer Anita Allemand is applying her experience at Optum and CVS to drive alignment across our initiatives. Were forging ahead in healthcare with Dr. Sashi Moodley, as our Chief Clinical Officer; and Ramita Tandon as our Chief Clinical Trials Officer drawing on their experiences in care delivery and clinical solution while at Anthem, Icon and CareMore. And Holly May is our Global Chief Human Resources Officer is driving our high performance culture. Im excited to share even more news with you in the weeks to come as we continue to round out the team. As our results and progress demonstrate, we have a deep and experienced bench in place to drive our strategic priorities today. And Im pleased to say we are in the final stages of welcoming a leader for our Walgreens Health segment. To bring a little more of what I was describing to life, let me share with you an anecdote from one of our new Health Corners in California. On just its first day of operation in November, we saw the value proposition in action. Our Blue Shield California member introduced himself and told us hes diabetic and struggled to make his visit to his primary care physician for his A1C testing. He was thrilled to learn he can do that here, along with his family. This is just one example of how we can care guests through our convenient offering. As the Health Corners roll out, I have increased confidence that when executed at scale, its innovative and consumer centric strategies will drive significant growth and value creation ahead. We are connecting our physical Health Corners with our digital approximately and our other unique complementary assets to meaningfully reduce costs and improve health outcomes and equity. And when you factor in the continued expansion of co-located clinics with VillageMD, nearly half of our footprint will be covered. We are building community engagement today as only Walgreens can do, through our trusted customer relationships, our local knowledge and our deep data insight. With that, Ill hand it over to James to provide more color on our results and our outlook.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. In summary, we had an excellent start to the year with focused execution across all of our businesses. Adjusted EPS was $1.68, well ahead of expectations and up 53% versus prior year on a constant currency basis. We executed strongly in COVID vaccinations and testing, U.S. retail accounts for the highest in 20 years, and the international markets continued to recover nicely. Operating cash flow was $1.1 billion in the quarter with free cash flow of $645 million. The strong first quarter performance allows us to increase our full year adjusted EPS guidance from flat to low single digit growth. Lets now look at the results in more detail. First quarter sales advanced 7.6% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong comp growth in Walgreens and the international segment. Adjusted operating income increased 48.5% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong gross profit performance in both pharmacy and retail in the U.S. and the continued rebound in international sales and profitability. Adjusted EPS was $1.68 in the quarter, a constant currency increase of 53%, driven almost entirely by adjusted operating income. The result was aided by around $0.10 or 9 percentage points of phasing benefits. GAAP EPS increased by $4.58 to $4.13, reflecting a $2.5 billion after tax gain in the current quarter related to the valuation of our prior investments in VillageMD and Shields, as well as a $1.2 billion charge net of tax from the companys equity earnings in AmerisourceBergen in the year ago quarter. Now, lets move to the U.S. segment. Sales increased 3.2% in the quarter with a strong performance from Walgreens more than offsetting the 270 basis-point headwind from a decline in the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business. Adjusted gross profit increased 12.3% with both pharmacy and retail growing nicely. Strong sales growth was partially offset by lower reimbursement and higher shrink costs. Adjusted SG&A spend increased 4.2% in the quarter to 17.2% of sales, 20 basis points higher than last year. The year-on-year increase was primarily due to investments relating to vaccinations and labor, partly offset by savings from the transformational cost management program, and some phasing benefits. Adjusted operating income increased 46.3% as the strong gross profit growth more than compensated for higher costs associated with the COVID-19 vaccination program. Now, lets look in more detail at U.S. pharmacy. Pharmacy sales grew 1.1%, including the negative impact from AllianceRx Walgreens Prime. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 6.8%, while comp scripts increased 6.2% with vaccinations accounting for 535 basis points of the script growth. We completed 15.6 million COVID-19 vaccinations in the quarter and administered 6.5 million COVID-19 tests. We are now administering COVID-19 tests at around 7,000 stores. Flu shots were down as we saw a return to more normalized levels compared to the record levels last year. Additionally, underlying scripts were challenged by staffing shortages and temporary operating hour reductions. Adjusted gross profit grew nicely as strong sales growth at Walgreens more than offset reimbursement pressure. Turning next to our U.S. retail business. Comp retail sales increased 10.6%, and excluding tobacco, comps were up 11.7%. Compared to pre-COVID levels on a two-year stack basis, comp sales were up low-double-digits. We saw broad growth across all categories, led by 24.7% growth in health and wellness, driven by at-home COVID-19 tests and cough, cold, flu. Transactions were up 9% and discretionary categories performed well with beauty comp sales growing 16.6% and personal care up 11.6%. Strong sales growth drove an increase in gross profit. However, gross margin declined slightly, constrained by higher shrink from organized crime and theft increased import freight costs. Turning next to the international segment, and as always, Ill talk to constant currency numbers. Sales increased 34.2% in the quarter, including the 25.6 percentage points up lift from the formation of our wholesale joint venture in Germany. We are lapping the formation of the Germany JV on November 1, 2020 with the prior quarter including only one month of sales. Excluding this impact, sales were up 8.6% reflecting the ongoing recovery and strong execution across most international markets, particularly in the UK where sales advanced 13.4%. Adjusted operating income was $164 million in the quarter, up 89% versus prior year, led by higher sales and tight cost control. Lets now look in more detail at Boots UK. Comparable pharmacy sales increased 8.8%. Stronger demand for services contributed to the increase with sales up more than 200% year-on-year, benefiting from COVID-19 testing. Flu vaccinations were also up, and we recorded our largest ever season with 2 million vaccinations during the first quarter, up 150% compared to last year. These positive developments were only partially offset by the non-repeat of favorable prior year phasing of NHS funding. Comparable retail sales increased c%, reflecting a recovery in footfall and strong commercial execution. Market share strengthened across all categories with beauty performing particularly well. Despite these strong results, footfall in the quarter remains around 20% below pre-COVID levels with particular challenges in travel locations. We do however see continued strength in basket size, which was up around 12% in the first quarter, compared to pre-COVID levels. Finally, food Boots.com continued to do very well. Digital sales almost doubled compared to the equivalent pre-COVID quarter and now account for more than 15% of total retail sales. Looking ahead, we are monitoring the impact of Omicron. The UK government announced the move to slightly tighter restrictions, which started on December 13th. We expect that footfall will remain sensitive to new COVID variants. Turning next to Walgreens Health. This is our first quarter reporting results for our new Walgreens Health segment. Our majority investments in Shields and VillageMD closed on October 29th and November 24th, respectively. Shields is immediately accretive with sales of $25 million and adjusted operating income of $10 million in the quarter. Reflecting six days of ownership, VillageMD had sales of $26 million and an adjusted operating loss of $3 million. For this fiscal year, we anticipate VillageMD to be dilutive to EPS, consistent with our October statements. Organic investments in Walgreens Health were slightly lower than expected due to the timing of expenditures. We expect to see rising investments over the course of the year. Lets now look at some of the key metrics for Walgreens Health. In addition to Clover and Blue Shields, we continue to work with other interested partners and we are approaching our December 2022 goal of 2 million lives. As we scale our access to lives and partnerships, we will continue to build out our Walgreens Health Corners with a goal of more than 100 by the end of 2022, with 47 already up and running. We continue to expand the VillageMD footprint, and well be in expansion mode for the foreseeable future. VillageMD currently has 257 locations across 18 markets, 81 of which are co-located with Walgreens stores, up from 55 at the end of fiscal 21. The goal is to have at least 160 co-located clinics in place by the end of 22. Both VillageMD and Shields are on a high growth trajectory. On a pro forma basis, they delivered strong sales growth in their most recent quarter with VillageMD advancing 182% and Shields growing 62%. Overall, we are very excited about our growth potential. Turning next to cash flow. We generated $645 million of free cash flow in the first quarter, $118 million below prior year. Strong growth in operating income was more than offset by the phasing of working capital, prior year one time benefits associated with the passing of the CARES Act and increased capital expenditures behind the key growth initiatives. Turning now to full year guidance. We are raising our adjusted EPS guidance from flat to low single digit growth. We now expect higher growth from our base business, reflecting a strong first quarter and higher levels of vaccinations and testing. We expect 30 million vaccinations this year, 5 million higher than our previous guidance. Our Walgreens Health segment is tracking well against its key milestones with both, the Shields and VillageMD transactions closing in the first quarter and the Walgreens Health organic business continuing to invest in future growth. Within this guidance, weve reflected our decision to increase investments in our team members by an incremental $120 million. As highlighted earlier by Roz, without this investment, our full year adjusted EPS growth would have been 3% to 5%. Let me now provide some additional color on the guidance raise, including puts and takes versus prior guidance. As mentioned, were planning for higher vaccinations in the fiscal year. Additionally, our U.S. retail comps were very strong in the first quarter, and we have seen this momentum continue into the second quarter. And we are also driving tight cost management across all of our segments. Balancing this, we made a decision to increase our labor investments. Recent labor challenges led to somewhat softer script volumes in the first quarter, and these investments should help improve the situation. Additionally, as with many of our peers, we are experiencing higher rates of shrink loss due to organized crime and theft. Inflation is also on the rise. And while we expect to pass through the majority of these higher costs, there may be some short-term impacts. In summary, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to low-single-digit growth, driven largely by our U.S. segment. And let me now update you on some of the guidance metrics we provided during our recent Investor Day. Sales in the U.S. are now expected to be around 2 percentage points higher than previous guidance, driven by strength in both, pharmacy and front of store. As a result, adjusted operating income is anticipated to be flat to up slightly, better than our previous guidance. Sales projections for international have also improved to 9% to 11% growth, mainly due to improved market growth for our German wholesale business. We still expect international adjusted operating income growth of more than 50%. Walgreens Health remains on track. Sales will be slightly lower due to the timing of regulatory approval related to CareCentrix. However, this has an immaterial impact on earnings. Finally, we expect an adjusted tax rate of around 16%, consistent with prior guidance. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing remarks.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, James. To summarize, we are executing with a very strong start to the year and an increased fiscal 2022 outlook. WBAs transformation is underway, and I am pleased with our rapid progress along our strategic priorities. Im looking forward to continuing this dialogue with you about our execution and progress next week at the JP Morgan healthcare conference. We are energized and focused on re-imagining healthcare and wellbeing for everyone with a clear path toward accelerated value creation across all our stakeholders. Now, Id like to open the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Eric Coldwell from Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much, and good morning. Im first hoping you can provide a little more color on whats going on with AllianceRx Walgreens Prime. We saw the headlines earlier this week that Prime appeared to be dropping the contract and the fiduciary breach claims. But, I guess, bigger picture, whats happening with that business? Number one. Number two, is there any impact on guidance that we should note from taking the holding from 55% to a 100%? And if you dont mind, I might have a follow-up. Thanks.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, Eric. Let me start out first by asking James to give a little bit of color on your second question, and then well go into the AllianceRx after that. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes. Hi, Eric. So, weve taken the stake from 55% to 100%. As you plot out to adjusted operating income, therell be no change because we already consolidate a 100%, and then you have the below the line adjustment for the minority interest of 45%. So, you will recall that when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, it was a material driver within the U.S. business. We called out that there would be a 7% decline in U.S. revenues as a result of roughly an $8 billion decline in the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business. So, this large decline and we kind of stared at this and looked at and said this business will need to be restructured. Its probably better under one owner to do this quicker. And honestly, we see -- were formulating the new specialty strategy in the business. We see -- now that we have the Shields assets combined with our specialty pharmacies combined with the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business, we do believe we can formulate an integrated specialty business. Hold on a little bit as we come out with more information on this. Youve raised some legal disputes between the two parties. Theyve now been resolved as a result of the acquisition. Looking at our guidance, it has a slight negative impact because if we were declining a $100 million in income year-on-year, we will now be declining 100% of that income on a net income basis, as opposed to 55%. But honestly, this is a couple of cents on the full-year, so I wouldnt even worry about it in the context of guidance. But I do want to reiterate, I think youll see us maybe in the next six months come out with a more energized specialty strategy, which will be more integrated in how we surround potential partners with a series of integrated services. So, were pretty excited by this. I do want to emphasize -- I do want to emphasize the relationship with Prime is very strong as a result of this. Were still significant partners of theirs in retail, and we will continue to offer specialty services to them on an ongoing basis as they require.
Roz Brewer: We actually have John Standley on the call. John, is there anything you want to add to that response AllianceRx?
John Standley: No, James did a great job summarizing it. Specialty is a huge part of our business. We do $20 billion-plus of specialty, and were excited to bring these assets fully back into the portfolio, as James described. So, big opportunity for us. Were really excited.
Eric Coldwell: John, you actually answered my follow-up on just sizing the specialty business in total. So, thanks very much.
John Standley: North of $20 billion, so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much, and good morning. Roz, I look forward to seeing you and James virtually next week. So, let me just start with first a clarification, James. Just I want to understand, in the guidance when you talked about higher vaccinations, this quarter was higher than we had anticipated. Obviously, we now have boosters for even 12 plus in the U.S. Can you talk about your expectation for vaccination as well as testing in the updated guidance? And then, secondly, I just had a broader question for you Roz, as we think about the strategy and the Health Corners. And how do we think about -- I dont know if this is for you or for John Standley, but how do we think about the profitability there? Do you think that longer term, you can do some kind of whether its shared savings program or other types of programs, because getting an incremental script is great, but were where - the opportunity is, right, is to lower the overall cost and potentially sharing those savings. So, if you could help us to understand that as well.
Roz Brewer: Ill let James get started on testing.
James Kehoe: So Lisa, thank you. You have five or six questions in there. The first one is vaccinations. So, weve increased the estimate from 25 million to 30 million, and especially as a result of high levels of activity in the first quarter. I do want to stress though the 30 is just -- its a number weve picked at a point in time. Depending on the evolution of the variants and guidance from the CDC and others, this number could vary quite a bit. So, there could be some potential upside to this actually. And two, but specifically on that we increased 5 million thats worth about $0.09. And then testing, we had a fairly large opportunity as well, because actually the biggest driver in the first quarter is actually probably testing as opposed to vaccines. And thats probably in the range of 12 to 15 kind of cents, just on the full year. So Im giving you a full year number. So, $0.09 on vaccines and testing is call it $0.12 to $0.15, so quite a sizeable contribution to the full year. As we look at the 30 million, you break it out on approximately 19 million are boosters. You can figure out what the rest is. Pediatrics, I believe is somewhere in the region of 2 million to 2.5 million. So, the rest is people aged 12 plus. So, I cant be much more specific than that from memory, but its kind of our base assumptions. Were not giving profitability. You can work it out from the cents per share that we just gave you. Im trying to remember that I covered all your questions.
Lisa Gill: Yes, you covered all my questions on that side. Thank you so much.
James Kehoe: Well see you next week.
Roz Brewer: So, Lisa, let me talk a little bit about how were thinking about our growth in Walgreens Health and how that really leverages our core business, and Walgreens managed by John Standley. So, heres a way to think about this. We are creating an entity here that does much more than just dispensing of pharmaceuticals. So, the way to think about this is the number of VillageMD units that we plan to bring together, when we think about this investment of $5.2 billion, well be opening at least 600 of those village medical clinics within our entity and then adding the Health Corners. Were trying to put the consumer in the middle of this and also giving them the visibility of what it costs to manage their healthcare over their lifetime. When we think about where does the profitability come from in this, it is much beyond the prescription usage. I think about a customer coming into VillageMD and actually understanding more about their healthcare needs, it will help them understand the spending. And then also two, what comes from operating a primary care physician practice within our entity. And then, I think about the work that can happen between optimizing for that patient, between understanding what the pharmacist is applying to that customer or patients healthcare needs, and to get that repeatability and also giving the customer or patient the opportunity to come into one of our units and utilize the Health Corner. And so just managing their care over time, for instance, looking at their A1C levels and things like that over a period of time will hopefully bring their cost of care down and keep them out of the healthcare system and returning to emergency rooms and hospital settings. And so, weve not really articulated a clear view on profitability going forward. But, what I would tell you is that this does take us well beyond just the additional script. Its much larger than that.
Operator: And your next question comes from A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi everybody. The front of store in the U.S., sales were really strong. And I just wondered if we could delve into that a little bit. As you look at that, clearly at-home testing probably had a component. Can you parse out how much that helped and how, as you look at the rest of the year, with the administration, talking about sending out 500 million at-home tests, does that have implications for you in terms of your ability to get those tests yourself to sell them or -- and your expectations around that testing? And if theres something beyond testing thats really strong, can you comment on that as well on the U.S. front end sales?
James Kehoe: Ill take a shot at that and maybe John can add to it. If you take the growth on front of store, which was -- the 10.6% was the highest in 20 years. The contribution coming from the COVID-19 screening tests was about 320 basis points. So, it was about 29%, 30% of the growth rate. So, there is strong core performance in the front of store. Its not just on at-home testing. And -- so thats roughly in the quarter. I think its a little over $200 million of revenue in the quarter, and I think its around $0.06. I might get this wrong, roughly $0.06 contribution. So, its not a massively profitable sector. Its below the average of the health and wellness sector on a gross profit basis. Is that what you were looking for A.J.?
A.J. Rice: Okay...
John Standley: Yes. I think, Ill just comment, James. We saw really strong performance in OTC, beauty, personal care, all very strong categories, good success with our mass personalization efforts and a little bit of halo from the vaccine and testing. So, I think those were all good contributors to the strong performance in the quarter.
A.J. Rice: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your next question comes from George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Yes. First, Id like to welcome Tiffany aboard. So, Tiffany, look forward to working with you. And I guess, Tim and John, I kind of have two questions around, one is around what I would call underlying Rx? As you talked about the comp on the front of the store in 2019, I guess can you talk about where you feel like the, what I would call, the acute care script or the regular way script comp looks like versus 2019? Cause there seems to be some debate about how close back to baseline weve gotten? And I guess if we could -- if I could just sneak in a follow-on, on the front of the store, James. A.J. asked a question about the in-home testing -- Im sorry. Yes, the in-home testing. Can you talk about the impact that thats had on the average
James Kehoe: Do you want to take a shot John on the Rx?
John Standley: Sure. I mean, I think the -- I would just say on Rx, I think we saw script count growth above and beyond what we saw in vaccinations, but we think theres more opportunity for us there just looking broadly at the marketplace. We are, as James and Roz talked about making significant investments in the business, both from a staffing perspective as well as with project nucleus and other capabilities were putting into to really drive that pharmacy experience in store. So, I think we still see a ton of upside and growth opportunity just in the base pharmacy business, just to grow our market share and to push that forward.
James Kehoe: Yes. So, George, the Q1 was excluding immunizations was up 1.8%, and it was a little softer than where we would have liked to be. One of the big drivers was Medicaid where the market grew strongly in both Medicaid and discounted products. And we like the market in Medicaid because we have a lower percentage overall share in the category. That being said, there is a fairly strong connectivity between the scripts and the amount of vaccinations and testing done in the quarter, because the pharmacists are doing both jobs and there is been high level investments. So, I think what has happened a little bit is because of staffing shortages, weve had to reduce operating hours in some locations. And then two is some of those phone calls that happen to say, adherence follow-ups they take in the medication, those phone calls were not priority number one during the administration of the vaccinations. So, we got to get a bit of a rebalance in the year to go, and we are reasonably confident that the actions were taken are definitely in the right direction. So, we should see an uptake in scripts in the coming months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: I just wanted to follow-up maybe on A.J.s question, when you were talking about at-home testing contribution of the quarter that was super helpful. I guess, in terms of like how youre thinking about that on a go-forward basis with some of the administrations changes, et cetera? How are you thinking about that in the broader context of the new guidance that you put out?
James Kehoe: Maybe Ill tag team with John on this. There is a fair amount of talk about free testing. Thats still to be determined when that will be in the market. As far as I know there isnt a website set up and there isnt a defined procedure of how its all going to work. So, I think its a couple of months away. I think that the critical one right now is stock availability. And I give you an interesting statistic. Our health and wellness share in the market generally is around 17%, 18%. Our share of the at-home test is 40%, 45%. So, I think what weve superbly executed against is supply chain fulfillment and partnerships with suppliers. Right now, were a little spotty in places on availability. Were at about 70%, but we clearly sold the majority of the at-home test in the channel. So, its been a huge success. So, the 200 million didnt come just magically. It came because of stock availability. And we had much more of -- I think we had seven different types of COVID at-home tests in our stores in various places. So, weve I would say executed on this one and thats why we have such a big contribution in the first quarter. We think we will continue to out execute. We see our stock availability levels going up significantly by mid month. So, were feeling in a pretty good place in the next three months. Beyond that, nobody can tell. Its all on whats the -- where are the variants at a particular point in time? I think testing is here to stay for a considerable amount of time, but our full year forecast is now riding on this. I can assure you of that.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thats very helpful. And if you think about -- I think its really helpful sort of giving your updated thoughts on the broader longer term picture with VillageMD. I was wondering if you had any sort of data from the quarter, sort of co-located location in terms of increase in sales in the Walgreens, either finance or pharmacy or any other data you could point to us from that perspective.
John Standley: No, not really. I think its a little bit soon. I think we need another quarter behind us. Weve got, I think 81 clinics open. We still need -- I was on the phone to some of the Village guys yesterday, we still need to get the same kind of stats. They already have stats to prove that a pharmacist working with a doctor produces tremendous benefits in terms of outcomes. We need to replicate those statistics in the co-located. Were convinced that will happen. Its just a timing difference. I think as you look forward on village -- sorry, if you look forward on our segment, one thing Id ask you to have in mind is, the revenue is pretty small in the quarter, because were just closing the acquisitions. A good way to think about these acquisitions is both -- if CareCentrix closes at the beginning of the third quarter, we essentially will be doing a little over a $1 billion a quarter in terms of revenue in the segment. So, if you think about Q4 and you do a simplistic run rate, by the time we finish Q4, well have a run rate of about $4 billion, probably north of $4 billion in terms of call it 12 months run rate on the segment. Thats the only kind of new insight we would give, because a little bit -- analysts' models are a little bit all over the place in terms of expectations. So, I dont think youre going to see stability on revenue as we get into Q3. And it all depends on closing time on CareCentrix. But once thats closed, youre looking at $1 billion a quarter for the remainder of the year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thats super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Cherny: Good morning. And thanks for all the color so far. I apologize, I keep coming back to this, but I just want to make sure I understand a lot of the moving pieces on guidance, in particular how it factors into the multi-year growth that you outlined at the Investor Day back in October. It seems to me, James, that if Im looking at the pluses and minuses that you outlined, which are quite helpful, especially with some of the dynamics around the testing benefit that youre seeing, that the pluses more than offset the minuses relative to the magnitude of the EPS guidance, maybe I would have expected a bit more. And so, I guess, relative to -- quantify the labor investments relative to the shrink or the inflation or anything else, is there anything were missing in there in terms of the moving pieces? And especially given that a lot of the benefits are COVID oriented, I know we cant predict what COVID is going to look like in fiscal 23, but does this change anything about the trajectory jumping off point you expect for earnings growth relative to the previous outlook that you had mentioned?
James Kehoe: Yes. Im not sure we want to start getting into next year, but I would say that -- lets talk about shrink for a minute because you could actually argue that shrink is somewhat correlated with COVID in terms of it is something that has started to tick up post COVID. So, what are -- Im not trying to get a direct correlation with it, but Ill give you a number. The shrink issue for us this year is in excess of $0.15 a share. So, we dont anticipate that that will continue longer terms. So there -- as you said, theres many puts and takes in both directions. So, testing is a big number, but so is shrink. Were going to have to redouble our efforts on shrink to get this number in a different direction. And honestly, I think Congress needs to step up a little bit here because the magnitude of the problem is -- its enormous. Weve had, I dont know, 10 years where shrink is at -- and Im not going to -- it sounds precise. Its not the exact number. Its a little over 2% of shrink, 2.25%. Its currently running at 3.25%. Thats a 40. We estimate that shrink is about 40% to 50% higher on a percentage basis than it was prior to -- sorry, prior to 19 -- sorry, prior to 20. So, this is over the last two years, were absorbing a 52% increase in shrink and its organized crime. This is not petty theft. Its not somebody who cant afford to eat tomorrow. These are gangs that actually go in and empty our stores of beauty products. And its a real issue for -- as with all of our peers, its a real issue. The other one is inflation. Honestly. I think were doing a very good job on managing that. We have some -- well have minor ups and downs quarter-to-quarter, but generally were offsetting inflation, might be $0.03 negative on the full year. So, were not talking about big numbers. But, I think we have to wait and see how the year evolves. Theres too many moving pieces, honestly, in terms of what is the final vaccination number in year? Whats the final testing? And maybe Ill ask John to step -- come in a bit, because we have an intention to build a diagnostics business longer term, and that will provide partial offset as we get into next year. John or Roz, do you want to add on anything, and maybe labor costs?
John Standley: Yes, absolutely. I mean, I think, where weve gone with diagnostic testing now, just with COVID testing in over 7,000 stores, weve got some good green shoots in A1C testing that are underway right now. Its very early stages, but I think thats a big opportunity for us. And in our COVID testing, we do clear rapid testing in our stores in over 4,000 locations. So, I think thats one example of some of the changes to our business, so come out of COVID as we move forward that are big opportunities for us.
Roz Brewer: Mike, this is Roz. Can I just add a couple of things here just for clarity? So, you also noticed that we made a significant investment in labor. And as we are all involved in this uncertain labor market, were not quite sure how much more investment well need to apply there. But what weve done so far, applying it very directly against regaining our script business, which could turn the numbers around in that area. And also as the potential for a fourth dose to come online, were managing through that. So, the uncertainty here is the other part that we need to think about. And then I just wanted to mention the piece on shrink, is that we're managing this on a couple of different levels. It's happening at store level, but myself personally and our government relations team has been in the Washington DC area, having conversations with our national leaders on how do we get around this shrink issue? And what were seeing is goods leaving from our store and ending up online applications. So, were working with our partners that are in the online business pretty heavy to make sure that we can monitor this situation. So, its that level of certainty and the enormity of some of these issues that is there more to be had here. But, its the uncertainty piece that were managing, Mike, if thats helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Valiquette from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steve Valiquette: So, just a quick question on the quarterly cadence of earnings in the remainder of fiscal 22. The adjusted operating profit for the company has always been up sequentially in fiscal 2Q versus fiscal 1Q in each fiscal year, historically. Is there any reason why that would not be up sequentially in fiscal 2Q versus fiscal 1Q this year, just on the sequential adjusted operating profit? Also, what are your latest thoughts around the flu benefit for the Company in fiscal 2Q as well?
James Kehoe: Im not sure on the sequential side, I honestly dont have it in front of me. I think we do see positive quarter on EPS growth year-on-year because there was low levels of vaccination in the prior quarter. So, will we have a good quarter -- second quarter, the answer is yes. Obviously, theres a lot up in the air in terms of how much of the vaccinations were shifted from Q2 into Q1. And thats what were struggling with on a daily basis is what is the estimate on the full year? How many people will get boosted? What is the pediatric number? And it's quite a lot of detailed work, so. But we will have a good second quarter. And the second part of your question was?
Steve Valiquette: Yes. Just as far as the updates on the flu.
James Kehoe: Yes, flu. We had a very strong -- strangely, we had a very strong flu season in the UK, which was up 150%. Then we had a fairly weak one in the U.S. Flu incidences generally were down compared to a record season last year. So, did it go brilliantly? The answer is no. I think the exact number is why we were -- I think it was an 80 basis-point headwind on vaccinations, something like that. When you look at the script numbers, the first quarter was 80 basis points negative due to a weaker flu season.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John Ransom: Hey. Good morning. You guys have called out 340B as a risk. And weve noticed that the manufacturers have won a couple rounds in the course and that theres reduced support for this program for the contract pharmacies. Is that -- what kind of headwind is that this year versus last year? How should we think about this long-term? Thanks.
Roz Brewer: John, thank you for that question. Im going to ask our John Standley to talk a little bit about the impact of 340B. And if theres any other numbers, James will close out the question. John?
John Standley: I dont think its a hugely material issue for us at the moment. Were obviously watching the situation. We feel the administration is actually very supportive. And the idea here is obviously to get access to medications to as any folks who should have them as possible. And thats really our objective as well. And obviously, Shields gives us a whole another approach here as well, as you look at the 340B space, but its also an important part of our specialty business, and again, just making sure that we can get patients access to the medications that they should have. So, I think as far as what we can see in exposure so far, thats reflected in the guidance that weve given.
James Kehoe: I would just summarize, its not material year-on-year. I think its tracking slightly behind the budget. But its not material enough to talk about. And then year-on-year, Id call it kind of neutral.
John Ransom: Okay. And then just as a more of a big picture question. I guess, were all trained that 20 years of thinking that the CDM has just locked up the specialty market. They can use their benefits structure. The UnitedHealthcare just took Diplomat to zero. I think people use their mail order. So just at a high level, and I know you -- this is yet to be rolled out fully, but just how do you break that PBM benefit structure of cartel with specialty, given that you dont own a PBM directly?
Roz Brewer: John?
John Standley: Yes. I was going to jump in if thats okay. So, I think whats important about us is access. So, between what we have in community pharmacy today, what we have in hospital pharmacies, what we dispense in our retail pharmacies and what we have today through our central, so we bring I think a great network of access to the marketplace with really strong clinical capabilities. And just as an important part of that is our relationships with pharma, and just over the last few months, we brought in 10 new limited distribution drugs to our portfolio now of probably just over 200 limited distribution drugs. So, we actually do business with all of those large PBMs that you mentioned and support them in their efforts. Theyre important partners to us, as well as direct contracting. So, I think theres a space force in this market. And youll hear us talk about that as we bring our strategies for the integration of all our capabilities that we have.
Operator: And the last question for today comes from Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Ill stay on the pharma macro front. I know that the Biden administration is considering taking administrative action on DIR fees, and these fees we understand to be significant for independent retail and spec pharmacies. Im interested to what extent theyve been meaningful as a reimbursement pressure for Walgreens. And would it be material if we see limitations to DIR fees look forward?
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Eric, for the question, John Standley, do you want to take that one?
John Standley: You bet. So, were working with industry groups in various states to really try and make sure that any kind of performance really, the fees are fair and equitable, which many DIR fees today just arent, the way theyre designed. And so thats really, I think the key component of it, from a regulatory perspective. So, we support efforts to just try and have a fee structure that makes sense where a community pharmacy or retail pharmacy is fairly compensated for the services that it provides. And thats really kind of where were headed here. I think the impact of it -- we would just have to see, one, specifically what the regulation is. And then secondly, do the PBMs or others -- or not really PBMs or plan sponsors, somehow shift the playing field in some other way. Youd have to take into consideration in terms of trying to determine the quantitative impact of what those changes might be. But clearly, some of these fees just dont make any sense.
Eric Percher: And is it fair to assume that as youve had to deal with fees that maybe dont make sense theyre penalizing you and that has fallen to the bottom line fairly directly, or have there been offsets?
John Standley: No, fairly directly. Yes. Its been impactful over the last several years to the business.
Roz Brewer: All right. Thank you. I just want to mention to everyone, thank you for joining the call this morning. I hope your takeaway from this call is that you see that were making meaningful progress towards our strategic priorities. Weve been delivering against our Investor Day commitments that we laid out just as early as October. Its still early days, but its clear that we are creating sustainable values for our shareholders, and were off to a strong start for the fiscal year. Raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance is important for us, as you continue to track us and, see the road that were on, to really try and achieve these attractive low-teens earnings growth over the long term. So, I appreciate your time today and look forward to those who will join us at the conference next week. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Jonathan Spitzer: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Virtual Investor Conference. I'm J. Spitzer, Vice President of Investor Relations at Walgreens Boots Alliance. Before we start, I'd like to quickly run through customary regulatory and safe harbor statements before I hand them over to Ros. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise, please see our latest Forms, 10-K and 10-Q. For a discussion of risk factors as it relates to forward-looking statements. During the course of today's events, in our remarks and in the related presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures.  We refer you to the appendices in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations that were applicable to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor. walgreensbootsalliance.com After the event, the presentation webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. In addition to our earnings announcement this morning, we will be issuing a Form 8-K that contains forward-looking guidance and other relevant information provided during today's event.  Please be aware that we may during this presentation and answers to questions make references to the information contained in the Form 8-K. The Form 8-K, along with the earnings announcement and the presentation materials from this event are available on our website. With that, I'll now hand it over to Ros. Ros.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Jay. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It's really great to be with you. I have to say, I'm definitely looking forward to sharing what we have in store for you in the next 2.5 hours. As you know, I recently passed my first six months at WBA. And I'm even more excited about this Company's potential than when I first joined. I took this job based on deeply personal reasons. At the time, I was really enjoying selling coffee out in Seattle. So, it was a big decision to leave that gig. But honestly, like many of us during the pandemic, I was thinking a lot about how I could contribute even more to the world.  When I was approached about the CEO role at WBA, I thought, here's a chance to join a Company right in the center of fighting COVID-19 and bringing hope and a helping hand to do so in many different communities. I also saw how we can make meaningful progress on addressing some of the social determinants that lead to disparities in health among different ratios and socioeconomic groups resulting in food  and care gaps. And frankly, now that I'm at WBA, there's so much more promise ahead than I could ever anticipate.  The pandemic definitely gave WBA a chance to step up, like never before and we delivered in so many ways. But we're absolutely just getting started in terms of how we can mobilize to solve big, complex problems. And we definitely believe that this momentum will accelerate our path to sustainable, profitable growth moving forward. So, during my entire life, I've been an avid learner. Some of you may remember, that my undergraduate degree is in chemistry, and I've applied what I've studied then throughout my entire career.  That discipline is about the hands-on investigation and rigorous research. It will come as no surprise that since I've been at WBA, I've been taking a deep dive to really understand the business, and speaking with our leaders and team members in all corners of the Company, as well as many outside experts. I conducted listening sessions and spend time in our stores, vaccine clinics, and back-office operations. I've identified many gifts that were waiting for me when I arrived based on some strong work that had already been done.  And I pinpointed where we've taken some wrong turns and haven't executed as well as we could have. I've also been very glad to see the many new ways we can capitalize on our core strengths. I believe we have some tremendous underlying momentum within this business, and the pandemic has further proven the importance of pharmacies in local communities around the world. I promise to you that after an extensive study, I wouldn't waste any time getting back to you about my assessment and where we're heading next. During this time, we'll clearly articulate the direction of our Company. And we'll provide what we hope leaves you feeling a greater sense of understanding in terms of our strategic direction.  We'll share our learnings, present our opportunities, and layout our path forward. So let me start by saying that we just announced positive fourth-quarter results this morning. We exceeded expectations across all of our business segments, reflecting strong operational performance and surpassing our vaccination goals. James will be going into much greater detail with you on that soon, including our guidance for this year. Hopefully, you see these earnings as an indication among many others today, of a renewed, revitalized, and re-energized Company. Also, I'm very excited to share some important strategic investments later in today's session. We'll tell you more throughout the course of our time together this morning.  Today, I'm going to make good on my commitment to you. And we're going to take you on a journey that includes 3 things transparency, accountability, and an extremely well-thought-out strategy. But let me be clear this isn't our everyday Walgreens strategy. Instead, it's about acceleration, execution, accountability, and long-term growth. Strategy is also about mobilizing across the organization, uniting behind values-based culture, enabling strong alignment, leveraging momentum, and having clarity on the end-game.  And it's also not just what you plan to do, but it's also what you plan not to do. We will make trade-offs and eliminate some work to focus on what matters most. And we're going to hit on these same points again, and again, and again to hammer home just how much we've internalized this into our mindset. So, on that note, here's our agenda for today.  First, I'll go into detail on our strategic priorities with a particular emphasis on the role we believe we are rightfully positioned to play within the healthcare ecosystem. Our CFO, James Kehoe, and President of Walgreens, John Standley, will join me during these portions of the meeting. James will discuss the financials, both the numbers reported today, and also our immediate and long-term growth model in Fiscal year '22 guidance. Finally, we will end with a Q&A session where we will look forward to engaging directly with you on our strategy and performance.  And again, we hope this will signal the change to come. More of an ongoing dialogue with our investor community and more visibility into what we're doing and how we're performing against our most important KPIs. So, to lead us more into that discussion, I thought I'd share a brief video highlighting who we are.   What is a Company's history? It's legacy? For most, it marks where you've been. For Walgreens Boots Alliance, our history is more than that. It's the strength and resilience that will allow us to meet any challenge to be there, to be ready. It's our 170-year history of helping and healing, day in and day out, year-after-year. That enabled us to be here for our communities during a time like no other. A time that challenged us to do our very best, a time when we needed to step up in even more ways to reach out and lend a hand, to go beyond, to connect in new ways to tens of millions of customers every single day. And whenever possible, to simply bring beautiful joy into people's lives. Now, as the world begins to turn a corner and turn a page, Walgreens Boots Alliance is ready to deliver more. With the combined talents of all of our team members, we're ready as people around the world re-imagine healthcare. We're ready as people make well-being central to their own lives and their families. We are already there for our customers around the clock, around the corner, around the world.  We're ready to bring about healthcare that means lower costs for our customers, better outcomes, more convenience, equitable access for all. We're ready to lead. Because we'll never be outpaced or outworked. Because after 170 years, we've learned a thing or two about health care and being there for communities where we live and serve, because we've invested in our future. And partnering with others who share our volumes, and our commitment to do what's right. Walgreens Boots Alliance, a healthcare Company from the start. Now, we are reimagining healthcare for our customers for the next era.  That of course was just a brief snapshot of WBA and the vital work we do. With that in mind, I want to tell you a little bit about what we've been working on and why I'm so optimistic about the opportunities ahead. These opportunities have everything to do with what you see on the screen right now. As we move forward, we plan to be customer-centric with a relentless focus on what they need and what they want. Hyper-localized, knowing that the best healthcare is deeply rooted in local communities.  Improving outcomes, since we're absolutely convinced, we can further improve the health of our patients. Scale and momentum, which we've seen most prominently during our response to the pandemic, lowering the cost of healthcare, since there are enormous inefficiencies in the healthcare system today. Delightful customer experiences, so that our brands exceed expectations and leave lasting positive impressions. Transformational partnerships, which will allow us to achieve the quality and speed we want.  And pharmacy; pharmacy at the center, since this has always been and will continue to be our foundation and our key differentiator. These things will appear throughout the presentation today. And we hope that you will see how these strategies interconnect and how we intend to leverage our strengths to build our future. As I mentioned, I came to this role with a very open mind about what the Company needed and what is needed for me.  Of course, based on my direct experience as a customer, a patient, a parent, and a caregiver, I already had a view. And the reactions of others when they heard I was joining the Company, gave me additional insight into the deep emotional connections our brands have. What has impressed me most are the genuine areas of strengths we have.  Anyone who has had a recent experience with our services will understand. They will understand it when I say that our greatest friends are our people and our presence in local communities across the world. We have deep relationships with our customers and patients, including chronic patients who are most in need and struggle to manage the complexity of their conditions. And we are often the first-place people turn for their well-being. The scale, the reach, the ambition of this Company is extraordinary.  And the skills, the experience, and the commitment of our people are even more extraordinary. I think it's fair to say, I have never seen anything like it. These are truly powerful brands that resonate around the world but to survive and thrive, we need to be able to show we are more and more relevant. And we must be able to deliver what our customers and our patients need, how and when they need it.  The Company is making significant progress in this respect. We have already achieved a lot recently, which is both driving changes internally and being recognized externally but we have a lot more work to do. We also, of course, have a phenomenal history and legacy. That gives us a strong foundation on which to build and rebuild. And our expertise fits squarely in one of the most important and expanding industries out there right now. But I also can't deny that we face stiff challenges. We operate in a highly competitive arena, and the scale of our markets and nature of our business means it's very cost-sensitive.  And we continue to need to manage margin pressure in our core pharmacy business. In many areas, we have little room for error. As we're dealing with people's health, and in many cases, very lives. We are operating in markets that can and do change rapidly through regulation, innovation, or just simple necessity. And we need to be on top of our game to meet those challenges and deliver on the opportunities they bring. On balance, however, I see more opportunity for us than headwinds.  And we have tremendous momentum and future potential. I hope that by the end of our event today, you understand why and see how we're pursuing a strategy to deliver our very best. As I mentioned before, nothing demonstrates us at our peak performance more than our response to the pandemic. As you know, we've played a key role in testing and vaccine administration both across the U.S. and around the world. We acted swiftly to ensure those programs reached every part of our communities.  We reached out into the most remote, underserved, and reluctant communities to administer vaccinations, to educate, and to support. We changed our pharmacy and retail model to offer new services, new ways to access advice, medicines, and provisions safely and conveniently. We work tirelessly, as not just a service provider or retailer, but as an advocate, a comforter, and advisor, a friend to those who needed us.  We rerouted our resources, financial, technological, and people to the things that matter most. And we did this all the way from the White House and Capitol Hill, right to long-term care homes, schools, and community centers. As you can see here, the statistics of what we've delivered are truly impressive. They show how quickly and effectively we can act when we need to.  And they demonstrate how we deliver expanded healthcare services into the very heart of the community. This was a great lesson for us. Historically, we would have had the tendency to move a little slowly. We've proven that our pace can change and can be rapid. And much of this infrastructure, momentum, and mindset will be preserved in our new operating model. We should not forget that it's the size and underlying strength of our business that allowed us very short notice, to deploy the training supplies and some $500 million in funding to support our people in the field in fulfilling their mission. I can spend hours with stories of the great work of our team, but let me just give you a quick window into that world.  Walgreens partnered with the federal government, the White House, HHS, and CMS to set up drive-through testing. It's never too late to get involved. If you really want to make a difference as far as giving back to your patients, you're already doing that near. You are on the front lines talking to them, trying to keep them calm, just keep doing that. That's all to makes a huge difference in the WBA, we started with providing COVID testing, and this was before vaccines were even available. But then we took it upon ourselves to create the best model to deliver vaccines to our communities. Following the approval from the FDA, obviously, when states have it will be in long-term care facilities within one to two days tops to start vaccinating those that are in need obviously. We need to be patient. We know that there's only a limited vaccine and it's going to be really important that those that are at the highest risk get the vaccine. We've finally arrived at the distribution and administration phase, which is what Walgreens will do. We're going to bring this across the finish line. This is the first time Walgreens is administering the vaccine to a nursing home resident. And at this long-term care facility, it happened to be that his grandmother was at the facility. It was a very beautiful, very touching scene. Sorry. But thank you so much for this. My family and I cannot have thanked you enough. This doesn't feel like work to me. It's wonderful that we're able to help these people.  As Walgreens Boots Alliance, we thought it was our commitment to getting into these communities, to make sure that they had access to the vaccine and understood the importance of taking a vaccine. Getting everybody vaccinated against COVID-19 means getting back together. This is our shot to return to the faces and places we love. We've contacted our vulnerable patients, and we're making sure that they're getting their medication, whether it's through the Boots delivery service, or I take it right to them at lunchtime, we're providing that reassuring message to our community. You must reach it when cool for your second jab, for even better and long-lasting protection that comes from that second dose. My philosophy was giving the shots for the pandemic. I'm thankful that I'm able to be part of something bigger, to actually be able to get back and hopefully help in this very . I was really hoping today to try to get my first dose. I've been wanting to get it for a while now since it opened up for teens. And I was just really glad that this was right here when I needed it. This is one of my most wonderful experiences of being a pharmacist over the past 23 years, where we are really helping one-on-one with the community. Walgreens is doing some of the most important work they could possibly do. What we really should do is take a deep breath and think about the path ahead and how much more we can be a service to our customers. I just feel safe now. Happy tears. Happy tears.   A key element of our response to the pandemic was to respond rapidly to changing customer behavior. Driven by the restrictions that COVID protections placed on people, one key enabler here was the deployment of a personalization engine at the heart of an entire ecosystem. It was designed to deliver an elevated customer experience, revolutionize our customer interactions, drive improved pharmacy outcomes, deploy our vast resources more effectively, and integrate our omnichannel retail experience. At the same time, this ecosystem rapidly builds on our existing data resources and customer understanding to help drive further growth across the business.  We've made tremendous progress scaling our technological and customer assets. And we've announced previously, we have partnered with the absolute best technology innovators across the industry to accelerate our ambitions. The early impact of this work has been seen throughout the year. But in recent quarters, we really began to see the flywheel effect kick in, as the number of people using our customer engagement platform became significant. This cycle of delivering growth from insight-driven personalization, in turn, provides even more insight, forming a core element of our customer-focused future strategy.  In the U.S. alone, we have one of the largest and farthest-reaching physical networks in the country, with a huge body of highly-trained and capable staff. Our team includes over 26,000 licensed pharmacies with regular and frequent interactions with some of the highest cost and highest dependency patients in the country. We have relationships with all the main payers across all the areas of pharmacy, and we operate on most of the best corners of America. We also have over a century of experience as a credible, independent expert when it comes to health and well-being, products, services, and advice.  Our neutrality in the broader healthcare ecosystem is a tremendous asset, and it's one we intend to deploy going forward. In the past few years, we've invested to develop our capabilities in healthcare services, both within the Company and through strategic investments. This allows us to offer a range of services in a variety of ways that simply could not be provided through the pharmacy alone.  Now, of course, it's important to ensure that our offering and strategy are relevant and move with the needs of the market, so the skills and experience we need to drive the Company must also change over time. We're working hard to complement the huge range of experience and expertise we have in our management and our executive team by infusing new talent, new skills, and fresh ideas. And I guess, I'm a prime example of that. And this combination of existing and new will form a key part of the real magic that will deliver the transformation of our business and our business model.  Additionally, we have a strong understanding of our customers. The challenges they face, and the hopes, the fears, the passions, and the problems, and those problems that influence their healthcare and lifestyle decisions. In fact, I'm confident that this is the secret sauce that will allow us to elevate all of our other strengths and assets to the next level of delivery and operational excellence.  It's the deep relationships that we have with our patients, whether they're looking for help in managing complex and awful debilitating health conditions or seeking advice and resources to help them effectively manage their well-being. Or trying to balance their own health with those they love and care for. These people turned to us week-after-week, year-after-year and we know that we can profoundly change their lives for the better by integrating their care, improving health outcomes, providing lower costs than the existing health system.  We're uniquely positioned to play a larger role in the healthcare ecosystem, something I'll talk to you about a little bit later this morning. So, to summarize what we've covered so far, as we head into our new fiscal year, we're going to focus on cultivating our strengths, sharpening our execution, and investing in our future.  And of course, today, our aim is to give you a view of how we see our business developing and growing this year, but we'll also go well beyond that with our long-term growth algorithm, which James will cover more with you later. And how we're going to get there has everything to do with the purpose and vision that unite us, which we're going to speak a little bit more about now, and then go into our strategic ambitions, fiscal year '21 earnings, fiscal year '22 guidance, and future growth. I believe this will be the first time we've given this level of insight into our longer-term thinking.  But I believe it reflects the extraordinary level of detail we've gone into with our review, with our planning and our analysis, and the confidence we have in the strategy we're pursuing. It also shows our ability to transform this business and deliver sustainable growth. We have an overall plan that will deliver sustained growth and profit, based on robust, prudent, and perhaps most importantly, integrated healthcare, pharmacy, and retail strategies.  We've been actively working on our new healthcare initiative. And we are well on our way to delivering on our ambitions for this new business area. We are actively putting in place the capabilities we need to deliver on our new operating model and to drive growth in our business. We are committed to enhancing communication and transparency to all our stakeholders, including you, our investors, and the financial community overall.  And all of this will be delivered through a revitalized strategy, underpinned by an intensified focus on outstanding execution to drive strong growth and economic returns. So, let's turn now to talk briefly about the work we've done on the culture at our Company. And what do I mean by that? Basically, I mean, how does it feel to work here? How do we interact with each other and with our stakeholders? And what are the principles that unite us and inform our actions? I am a firm believer that every truly great Company understands that culture needs to be at the center of their success.  The legendary Management Consultant, Peter Drucker, once famously said, culture eats strategy for breakfast. And what he means by this is you can have the best-laid plans in the world, but if you can't retain and recruit high-caliber talent, and if they're not motivated to work hard and together as a team towards shared goals, you'll never accomplish much. Years ago, Company culture was sometimes viewed as the light and fluffy stuff. But when done right, we know now that it can drive so much more than that.  Strong cultures drive performance. Performance since companies that are united by purpose has been proven to outperform the general market 15 to 1 and with recruitment, with 52% of job candidates saying that they will only accept a job offer if they know and agree with the Company's purpose, vision, and values. Employee satisfaction, because 9 out of 10 people are willing to trade a percentage of their lifetime earnings for greater meaning at work.  Customer retention, which is proven by the fact that 87% of consumers would purchase a product based on values and because the Company advocated for an issue they cared about. With this in mind, one of my first goals, when I joined WBA, was ensuring that we are known among the world's best companies for our culture. So, in the last six months, we brought in some leading experts in this field to assess where we are today and where we need to be. We implemented initiatives where we listen closely to team members at all levels and in all corners of the Company, all around the world.  As a result, we evolved and updated our Company's purpose, vision, and value to be our guiding light as we move forward and to influence our decisions, both big and small. As you see here, our new purpose statement, more joyful lives through better health. We're referring here to physical, mental, and emotional health. And that can come in the form of a life-saving vaccination or can just be as simple as providing a great shade of lipstick that lifts one's spirits. Our purpose is our why, our enduring reason for being, and the difference we want to make in the world.  Next, our vision. And that is, to be the leading partner in well-being for all. This is the what? a Company-wide aspiration over the long term that is measurable, unifying, and delivers on our purpose. Our vision is designed to be built on our core strengths as a Company and expand on what we can offer our patients and customers in the future. And when we say, all here, that means across every neighborhood, among every community.  As you can see, we looked at this statement word by word to make sure this is something simple, tangible, and most importantly, relevant. Relevant for our colleagues every day. It allows them to measure their work against an overarching Company target. And of course, our purpose and vision are also the foundation that we've built our core strategy. We've distilled our strategy into 4 priorities, all of which worked together towards one central aim, to deliver advantage growth in community healthcare while transforming our core business.  We have defined the four strategic priorities as you can see here. First, we will transform and align the core businesses. John Standley is going to take you through this in detail. And while our international leaders Sev James and Annie Murphy will be joining us remotely for the Q&A. In the interest of time, I've asked John to talk you through the transformation work in the international businesses, as well as his own business areas. J ames will then give an update on the transformational cost management program as part of this element of the strategy. We've seen tremendous success and momentum within that program and it will be critical as we continue to fund our journey. The second strategic pillar is our ambition to build a range of consumer-centric healthcare solutions, which will form the engine for our next phase of growth.  I'm excited to take you through our plans, including some of the latest news on investments, partnerships, and the work we've done internally to build out our healthcare strategy. We'll also cover the evolution of the business model of these services and how we will see them developing in the coming months and years. We have a strong view of how our assets can help connect this ecosystem together, creating a unique position for Walgreens and helping to demystify healthcare for consumers. Next, given the amount we have to do and the need to focus our resources, our third strategic priority is to refocus our portfolio of business interests. This will help us optimize the use of our resources, most notably, our management and executive time and our financial assets. It's absolutely critical that our portfolio of assets strongly connect back to our overall strategy. I spoke with you earlier about focus; focusing on how and where we spend our time and resources is a critical enabler of our strategy. James is going to take us through the work already underway on this. We've made some tremendous progress already, but more work remains.  I've already touched on our final core strategic priority; to build a high-performance culture and a winning, diverse team within the Company. I'm very excited to share with you several key highlights that I believe will help us build upon our momentum and accelerate our growth ambitions. So, let's ask John now to take us through the first strategic priority to transform and align the core businesses. John.
John Standley: Thank you, Roz. I'm really excited about the new direction of the Company and the strong pivot into healthcare. The strategic investments we are making will enable Walgreens retail pharmacy business to create coordinated care models that will help our customers and patients successfully manage their chronic disease and realize better health outcomes, and ultimately, make Walgreens a more valued member of the healthcare ecosystem.  The strong pivot into healthcare, combined with the investments and improvements that we are making in the core business, will not only allow Walgreens to capture more share of the close to $1 trillion in the integrated pharmacy-led health and well-being market, but also grow our presence in the $1 trillion healthcare services market. And Walgreens is well-positioned to do this with our national network of approximately 9,000 convenient locations, our 26,000 pharmacies, and our 54,000 pharmacy technicians combined with the transformation of our core business to better help chronic patients successfully manage their conditions.  Chronic patients make up 60% of the adult U.S. population, but incur 90% of U.S healthcare costs. And we have more access to those patients than any other provider in the care continuum. When we attract new chronic patients, they become our best patients. Today, we care for 35 million chronic patients, contributing 84% of our revenues. And there is much more we can do to help these patients have better outcomes. To complete our transformation, we're focusing on four key areas; building the pharmacy of the future, supporting and enabling our health strategy, re-imagining retail through expanded health and wellness offerings and mass personalization, accelerating our brands and digital offerings, and expanding our transformational cost management program. As we think about how we will build the pharmacy of the future to enable our healthcare strategy, our pharmacists and technicians are foundational to everything we do.  They've always played an important role in the communities we serve. But the trust and relationships are pharmacists and technicians have for their patients, have deepened over the last 18 months as they had delivered critical medications and vital vaccines and testing during the pandemic.  And looking forward, the investments we are making in central fill, digital capabilities, and new roles will allow our pharmacy teams to have an even bigger impact on the communities we serve. To deliver the pharmacy the future, we're working in four key areas. reducing the time required and cost-to-fill prescriptions, reinventing the omnichannel experience, accelerating growth, and expanding our care model to provide additional clinical services.  To free up capacity, reduce both our cost-to-fill existing prescriptions and our incremental cost to fill new prescriptions and also reduce inventory, we are building a nationwide network of micro-fulfillment sides using cutting-edge automation technology for iA, a Company we recently made a majority investment in that will leverage our existing AmerisourceBergen distribution network to efficiently fill prescriptions and quickly get them to our pharmacies. Today, we have 2 micro-fulfillment centers that are operational, serving over a thousand pharmacies in the Phoenix and Dallas areas. We'll have an additional 9 centers to go live by the end of fiscal year '22. Bringing the number of pharmacies served to around 3,900. And by 2024, we will have 22 facilities serving over 8,500 pharmacies, and we expect to achieve a $1.1 billion working capital reduction by 2025. In addition to our investment in the micro-fulfillment sites, we are also expanding our centralized services capabilities to free up even more time for our pharmacy teams.  Further, we are building a new pharmacy dispensing platform that will make it easier for our pharmacists to fill prescriptions, manage inventory, and provide additional clinical interactions. Components of the new dispensing platform have already begun rolling out to stores, with additional components being released in phases through fiscal '24. These investments are critical because they provide us the capacity and clinical tools, we need to grow our prescription business, as well as provide additional healthcare services. I have a short video that shows how the impressive new micro-fulfillment sites operate, and we'll let you hear from the team bringing this to life.  We're in this Hall of Cent Fulfillment Center or nucleus. Our central fill organization. Well, this facility is 68,000 square feet. And in that 68,000 square feet, we've utilized a lot of automation, robotic technology, and with that, we have the capability to fill 50,000 prescriptions a day out of this building. And by doing that, we have the ability to offload volume out of the store, so they can spend time with patients on clinical services, delivering immunizations, health testing, performance metrics, things like that. Customers today are looking for options. They're looking for delivery options, direct-to-home. They're looking for curbside pickup. All these different types of service channels that they can access carefree. We've talked for years about taking work and tasks out of our store. This is a great example of how this is actually coming to life now.  Other key components of the pharmacy of the future are our health system collaborations and specialty pharmacy. Specialty pharmacy is the fastest-growing segment of pharmacy from a cost perspective and now makes up more than 50% of the total U.S. pharmacy spend. 75% of all specialty pharmacy prescriptions originate in health systems, which is why our majority investments in shields, make so much sense. Shields extends Walgreen's leadership position as a specialty pharmacy integrator to complement our existing onsite community and central field assets and will create ongoing synergies.  We have a long history of working with health systems with 175 Walgreens pharmacies on-site at health systems, and 211 health system clinics on-site at Walgreens. In addition, as value-based care plays a bigger role in health system economics, we have the opportunity to help them reduce costs and drive better outcomes through collaborative care models. As we think about the renewed role and relevance of community pharmacy, we see a great opportunity to expand the scope of practice of our pharmacies to deliver additional services and grow revenues.  COVID-19 sparked care site migration from primary care physicians, hospitals, and even workplaces to pharmacies. We've administered more than 40 million COVID vaccines to date and have achieved a 21% share of all covid vaccinations administered in the fourth quarter. And we believe the transition of services from traditional healthcare settings will continue beyond the pandemic.  61% of healthcare leaders expect care delivery and non-clinical settings to accelerate post - COVID, and 60% of patients receiving care in hospitals would be willing to receive care in a lower acuity setting. While virtual care is expected to play a continued role, in particular to review test results and for follow-ups, there's still a preference for first interactions, and initial diagnosis could be in-person.  For Walgreens, in the short-term, we're focused on maximizing the administration of COVID-19 vaccinations and testing, while retaining new patients in the longer term will leverage their preference for in-person interactions with our deepened relationships and national footprint, to accelerate our transition to becoming a broader care provider. And although we are in the early days, we continue to gain traction, expanding the role of pharmacists to deliver pharmacy and healthcare services.  For example, we're serving as a trusted provider of COVID-19 rapid testing, administering over 16 million tests s to-date. And we will leverage testing technology innovations to introduce new points of care diagnostics, including RSV, Pneumonia, Strep, and STIs. Additionally, we know that closing care gaps for chronic conditions will drive better outcomes and we're already piloting this in several markets. In Idaho, we're partnering with Cambia to identify high cholesterol patients with care gaps, providing them with liver function test kits, and our pharmacists can prescribe Statins based on the lab results.  We have A1C pilots in four states where we're partnering with three payers to provide HB A1C Care gap closures for high-risk diabetic patients. We've launched pilots in two states to reach HIV prep patients, as only 18% of the 1 million patients who are eligible are on therapy, and 13% of the 1 million people living with HIV are unaware. So, we have HIV testing pilots in 2 states and we estimate this could grow to 26 million in revenue by Fiscal year 24. And we're also conducting Hep C testing in some states.  Although many of the health care services, we provide today are reimbursed based on fee-for-service, we believe that growing outcomes-based healthcare models will allow us to participate more broadly in the value-based care marketplace. A latent study from October of 2020, estimated that approximately $730 billion of healthcare spending is attributed to modifiable risk factors, such as BMI, blood pressure, A1C, diet, and smoking, and is concentrated in several key conditions led by diabetes and cardiovascular disease.  Further, medication non - adherence estimated the cost of healthcare system between $100 and $290 billion per year according to NACDS. We know collaboration is key to addressing adherence and improving outcomes. So, we're executing at-scale programs in P4P contracts with pairs and increasing performance year-over-year. And we've developed a collaborative care practice agreement with VillageMD, that allows our pharmacists to complete bridge refills, formulary interchange, and prior authorizations. And we're providing clinical consultations to VillageMD patients.  You'll hear more about our VillageMD partnership from Raj shortly. Shifting to our second priority to support transforming the core, I'd like to talk about how we're reimagining retail through our health and wellness leadership and mass personalization. The key to enabling this re-imagination is the recent launch of the myWalgreens program, which established a powerful customer engagement platform to provide better insights to meet the needs of our customers.  Given the opportunity to expand our relationships with our existing and chronic patients and attract new ones, there's meaningful headroom to grow our business. We're well-positioned to capture this opportunity and we know what we need to do to win, including better understanding our customers, providing personalized health and wellness recommendations, ensuring our pharmacists and technicians are available to provide expert health advice both online and in-store. And gearing our loyalty program rewards towards better health among top chronic customers.  We launched our myWalgreens Program in the midst of the pandemic. Since then, we have enrolled more than 85 million members. Increased the program NPS by 20 points, delivered more than a billion dollars in attributable revenue, and increased our marketing effectiveness. More importantly, we can now connect directly with customers, including nearly 53 million emails, nearly double from a year ago.  We believe the key to growth is personalized offers and advice. And when we say personalized, we mean not only to what you buy but to who you are and your specific needs, providing reliable, clinically appropriate information. That's why we're modernizing the retail health experience and developing an industry-leading omnichannel personalization engine built on Cloud technology with world-class partners. Let me show you a short video that illustrates how our mass personalization approach is driving engagement.  Mass personalization is a recipe for growth, and the assets we have are unstoppable. We have brands that are beloved and synonymous with health and wellness, with help from trusted partners like Adobe, Microsoft, and WPP. We are investing and unlocking data assets and marketing technology to bring experiences to customers. The results speak for themselves. In the past Fiscal year, we have seen tremendous success.  Walgreens ' digital reach has grown by 100%, boosting usage by 40%. Boots online sales were up 85% between March 1st, 2020, and March 1st, 2021, and the Boots app has driven a large number of online sales and continues to prove popular with customers. We continue to leverage our assets to deliver the right message to the right person in the right place and at the right time.  Our success with mass personalization has created an opportunity to expand alternative profit businesses, including media advertising, and financial services. Last December, we introduced Walgreens Advertising Group to capitalize on the retail media category, which is projected to grow to a $100 billion industry. Not surprisingly, digital is driving the growth and 70% of all U.S. media is expected to be digital by 2023. With the capabilities we are building, we believe this will be a significant opportunity for us.  We launched Walgreens advertising group in December 2020 and to date have executed more than 900 campaigns and activated with over 200 brands. More recently in August, we launched the industry's first credit card that rewards customers for healthy choices. We're targeting to reach well over 1 million active credit cards. The third theme I want to discuss related to transforming the core is accelerating our product brands and digital offerings. The key initiatives driving this area of our transformation are building on our leading owned brands innovation to stronger brand development, expanding our omnichannel offering to meet the needs of our customers, where, when, and how they want to shop, and dramatically expanding the best health and wellness assortment and offering easy, better-for-you product options, and making health and well-being product more affordable through both pricing and value.  Walgreens' own brand ambition is to reach 4.7 billion in revenue, and 18% penetration by the end of fiscal 2022. We have plans for rapid innovation and continued growth to reach our longer-term goal of 22% penetration by 2024. We'll also re-imagine our retail offer with better-for-you products, including in underserved areas and we're already seeing a strong customer response in our pilots. And we'll complement these offerings with our differentiated expertise, personalized support, and integrated experience.  Our digital transformation was accelerated by COVID-19 as we continue to invest in omnichannel capabilities, that delivered what customers needed. Last November, we launched curbside pickup in as little as 30 minutes nationwide and have completed more than 10 million same-day pickups. In Spring, we expanded to nationwide same-day home delivery across multiple marketplace platforms, bringing our total same-day home delivery and pick-up transactions to more than 23 million.  The combination of these expanded digital offerings, combined with our e-commerce ship-to-home offering, grew our e-commerce revenue by over 100% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. So how do we fund all of this transformation while investing in growth? It will require comprehensive retail management.  So, we'll do that by optimizing existing investments to improve value perception amongst our best customers. We are shifting investments from mass promotions to mass personalization. In the midst of the pandemic, we transitioned away from 18 million weekly print circulars, to a digital circular that this month will be fully personalized to each individual customer. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, the new myWalgreens credit card provides the opportunity for customers to earn even more value. And we're looking at further evolving our loyalty program to reach our best customers. We'll also review product assortment, own brand positioning, and customer preference to both better meet customer needs and improve cost of goods efficiency. We'll also continue to leverage purchasing groups to create additional customer value. At the same time, we're transforming our digital platforms and product offerings, we are modernizing our store experience through our format strategy, store technology, and strategic partnerships.  Walgreens historically operated mostly cookie-cutter stores with similar offerings across the country. We are reinventing our customer offer and developing a portfolio and multi-format approach to our assets. We are going to expand our store program this year and transform our prototypical store of 12,000-14,000 square feet with multiple customer propositions, including, the introduction and development of new core health and well-being retail products offer, featuring better for your products.  Extending our retail health presence with over 160 VillageMD locations by the end of 2022, providing patients an integrated primary care and pharmacy experience, and continued addition of LabCo locations for a total of 375. In addition, we will have open nearly 100 small-format stores by the end of 2022. We will wrap our physical store reinventions with digital capabilities and modern technologies to re-imagine the customer experience. This will include the previously discussed digital innovation to help customers live healthier lives with personalized recommendations and advice, and omnichannel fulfillment options.  In summary, we have a great opportunity to grow our business by transforming the core to enable our healthcare strategy. We are building the pharmacy of the future, re-imagining retail through expanded health and wellness offerings and mass personalization, and accelerating our brand and digital offerings. We are committed to being transparent regarding our progress towards this future. And James will cover the financial goals later today.  In addition, we've established key KPIs to measure progress against important areas of our strategy, including our TCM cost-savings, own brands penetration, and alternative profit income. Our goals are to achieve the following for these KPIs by 2024; an additional $1 billion in cost savings through our TCM program, 22% own-brand penetration, and $300 million of alternative profit income. Now, let me take a couple of minutes to give you an update on Boots U.K. Boots continues to accelerate its omnichannel transformation to grow its portfolio. They have the number one health and beauty website in the UK and have seen 3x growth. Online sales are approximately 20% of Boots ' total retail sales, and AOI has grown 2x over fiscal year 20. Boot s is also transforming healthcare through testing, vaccinations, and digital services. To date, Boots has delivered more than 3.7 million COVID-19 tests and more than 800,000 first and second COVID-19 vaccinations since January 2021.  Now, Boots will support the NHS to deliver COVID-19 booster vaccinations in 55 of its stores in England. During their COVID-19 booster vaccination appointments at Boots, patients will also be offered a free NHS flu jab wherever possible if they are eligible and subject to supply in-store. And Boots continues to grow its telehealth offerings, now with more than 100 healthcare and pharmacy services available to patients, including online doctor services for 45 healthcare conditions; from skin conditions to sexual health and family planning, alongside weight loss support, diabetes testing, and menopause treatments.  The Boots online doctor services can provide quick access to advice in prescription-only medicine without having to see a GP through online consultations that can take as little as 5 minutes to complete. Boots is also investing in the retail side of the business by strengthening its beauty offering. More than 40% of beauty products in the UK are purchased at Boots, making it the number 1 beauty destination in the UK.  And to continue that momentum, Boots has introduced more than 60 new beauty brands in the last 18 months, including Anastasia Beauty Beverly Hills, Armour Beauty, and Bike Beauty, which is also investing to enhance the in-store experience with more than 100 stores completed as part of a multi-format store strategy that aims to provide customers with greater access to the world's leading beauty brands. Additionally, over 100 new beauty specialist roles will be added as part of this next phase in the beauty reinvention project. There are now over 700 Boots beauty specialists across the UK, and their role is to provide personalized, brand-neutral beauty and skincare advice to customers for free in stores.  They are fully trained by Boots, including in empathy training. A unique program based on brain science and human emotions, which allows them to further understand customers' needs. An additional 830 Boots Macmillan beauty advisors can provide support to customers going through cancer treatment with free face-to-face beauty advice. Boots is one of several proof points of WBA's leadership in the beauty space, and we are continuing to grow our beauty brands portfolio in the U.S., the UK, and internationally.  In the U.S., No7 Beauty Company currently delivers sales of around $235 million with the U.S. being one of the largest growth markets expected to grow more than $200 million over the next 3 years. In the UK, our beauty brand sales are $450 million today. And we recently launched a direct consumer offering to reach even more customers.  In China, we're in the market with Soap & Glory and will launch No7 there in 2023. Now, let me bring up James Kehoe, our Chief Financial Officer to talk about our transformational cost management program. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, John. I am delighted to report that our transformational cost management program has delivered very strong results. We have already achieved cumulative cost savings of over $2 billion, and this is one year ahead of our original goal. As a result, we are expanding the TCM program and raising the savings goal to $3.3 billion by 2024. Let me give you a little bit of history.  We originally announced the program in December 2018 with a savings goal of $1 billion, and the savings were intended to offset inflation and volume impacts and to fuel long-term growth investments. We have consistently delivered strong results, raising the goal for targeted savings a number of times, with the most recent target being in excess of $2 billion of cost savings by Fiscal 22. As you can see, we have already delivered savings of $2.1 billion with around $800 million of savings in the most recent fiscal year.  Over the period, SG&A efficiency has improved by approximately 190 basis points to 17.7% of sales. We are now expanding the program and targeting commuted savings of over $3.3 billion by fiscal year 24. We have a number of in-flight initiatives that are showing strong momentum. And we have built out a comprehensive funnel of new and innovative initiatives. We have also updated our projected implementation costs to a range of 3.6 to $3.9 billion. Here you can see the broad scope of initiatives that we are driving across the business. I won't  this slide, but I will highlight one example just to give you a sense of the evolution. We have made good progress in establishing global business services in more traditional areas, such as IT, finance, and HR. And in all cases, we're delivering both cost savings and capability advancements.  We're now expanding the business services concept across a wider scope of our business. We are reinventing how we operate. And this will make us more effective and efficient, as we build out more advanced capabilities and technology. In summary, we are raising our cost-savings goal to $3.3 billion by 2024. And we have identified a comprehensive set of initiatives, to deliver or exceed this goal. And with that, let me pass you back to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. And congratulations to you and your team on delivering such strong results on the transformational cost management program. Now, as I promised earlier, I'm going to cover in more depth, our next growth engine and our future as a healthcare Company. But before I go into all those details, I want to share a personal story with you about the last months of my mom's life to provide just a little bit of context.  So, this was 10 years ago. She had been diagnosed with several serious health issues, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, and as a result, kidney failure. While it was awful seeing her suffer from all those ailments, she was relieved to have good health insurance after 30 years of working in the auto industry. And we were fortunate to have a large family around her with the resources and the expertise to provide a high level of care. In fact, I'm very proud to say that my sister is a pharmacist and she's married to a doctor of internal medicine.  But even in our situation, we found the experience of caring from our mom to be incredibly confusing and unwieldy, and burdensome. We had to navigate across several health systems and different doctors' offices, including a nephrologist, endocrinologist, and cardiologist. And my brother had to take time off work every other day for several hours to take her to her dialysis. Even worse, the bills from all these visits kept coming in.  Sometimes several months after the original appointment. And it was very hard to keep track of what checks need to be signed and when. This was a time when our family should have been able to focus mainly on just enjoying our remaining moments. But instead, we were distracted by many unnecessary tasks in detail.  And I know the story is one that's several of you can relate to as well. And many families and patients find themselves in far worse situations than this. But I just wanted to mention this experience because what I'm about to discuss with you is deeply personal to me. And I want to help our patients avoid similar scenarios in the future. So, the question is, how does our Company plan to do that? As I mentioned earlier, we have momentum and  proof, that we can execute at pace. And we have demonstrated that we can provide impactful results at scale. The pandemic further affirmed that the timing is right for this new phase of our Company. That consumers are embracing retail pharmacy to manage their healthcare more than ever. And that we're building on this renewed focus on health and well-being as we expand Walgreens ' presence in healthcare. We have also decided, the time is right to accelerate our ambitions through some strategic investments.  And I will share more with you on that in a few minutes. Living through this pandemic has taught us many lessons, and has shown us more than ever, that healthcare is inherently local. The needs of communities are diverse, and Walgreens has a deep understanding of the neighborhoods and communities we're in, each and every one of those corners and intersections on streets across America. Consumers are searching for ways to fit managing their health into their lives and are thinking about their health and well-being holistically. Walgreens is well-positioned to meet them where they are be it through our stores or digital channels. As healthcare is local, our scale and reach are critical to engage consumers.  And with our diverse assets, we can provide services tailored to the community. We have 9,000 of the best locations in the U.S., which gives us a big strategic advantage as we accelerate our journey. So, with all that said, I'm incredibly excited to announce today the launch of Walgreens Health. This is a new segment within our business that will focus on bringing together our Healthcare ambitions and powering up our new and existing assets to support the journey. Walgreens Health allows our patients to view us as a friend in healthcare.  And we want to demystify healthcare for them. Like I talked about with my mom, it doesn't matter where you come from or what resources you have at your disposal. Healthcare is complex. So, we plan to bring equitable, personalized, whole-person healthcare to local communities across America.  We will relentlessly deliver healthier outcomes focusing on people's holistic well-being by integrating world-class technology and an unbeatable national footprint across a connected community of payers and providers. We are creating a unified, open, and connected health experience that gives people anytime, anywhere control over the personalized care they need, wherever, and however, it's best for them in-store at home, online, and via mobile app.  Creating better outcomes for consumers and partners is critical to us. And we can do that through our ability to maximize Walgreens ' diverse assets. This is where we get our leg up. This is where we accelerate. This is how we differentiate. As we apply our lessons learned in core principles, we realized that our healthcare strategy must be both consumer and partner-centric. And payors, providers and patients, are all part of this equation. It will be important to create value for both our consumers as well as our partners.  We will engage consumers in their healthcare and leverage people and technology to address complex and chronic conditions, like the ones I described earlier that my mother suffered from. And we can offer aligned payment models, which you'll remember was also an issue in my mother's case. And that can lead to better health outcomes and lower costs. First and foremost, we will focus on the consumer or patient, by creating delightful and personalized experiences. Walgreens has trusted consumer relationships in a unique ability to engage them in meaningful and personal ways. Payers and providers seek a strategic partner. A partner that can engage consumers and help them improve health outcomes and lower the total cost of care, with the variety of services we can offer physically, digitally, and in the home. Walgreens Health is a nationally scaled, locally delivered business with a diversified multi-asset strategy.  We will maximize all the strengths and assets that Walgreen has from our trusted consumer relationships, our community presence, our care teams, our deep partnerships with payers and providers across the country. Today, many patients and their caregivers are overwhelmed as they try to manage across different health conditions, providers, appointments, bills, and medications. Our new Walgreens Health greatly simplifies and improves that experience. We have established a tech-enabled care model, powered by a healthcare platform that is omnichannel and personalized for the consumers we serve.  This platform will create a pragmatic and innovative experience for consumers across their journey and then knit together the products and services from Walgreenss health and our partners. For example, imagine a day when we can offer services across the care continuum, including finding the right doctor, scheduling appointments, managing chronic conditions, obtaining insurance records, viewing health records, accessing wellness services, setting up health devices, providing nutritional and preventative information, and much more.  Ultimately, our goal is to move towards value-based care and directly impacting cost and outcomes. To achieve our ambitious goal of redefining the healthcare experience across this country, we will strive to manage the total health of populations through value-based arrangements. Our go-to-market strategy starts with leveraging our strengths in delivering at the local level and addressing gaps in care through our core assets.  This is a means to both directly engaged consumers, as well as create immediate value for our payer partners. Over time, we will then look to bring the tools and services to enable our provider partners to more effectively manage populations longitudinally and engage their patients outside the doctor's office. And as we enter into value-based and risk arrangements, we will look to bring owned and partner care delivery assets so that we can manage to clinical outcomes and take delegated risk on populations.  As I mentioned earlier, I spent a great deal of time working with our team to identify our best opportunities for the future. And as a result, today, I'm extremely excited to share a couple of strategic investments with you. To show our commitment and our conviction to accelerating our strategy, we are pleased to announce that we have made strategic investments in VillageMD and care - centrics, taking a majority ownership position with them. These assets excelerate our capabilities in the market, our impact on the carrier journey, and our ability to manage rising costs in high-risk patients who drive an outsized proportion of the spend.  These are the same patients who frequently visit our stores and meet with our pharmacists. And we are uniquely positioned to engage and impact their care across the continuum. For us to better care for them beyond the pharmacy, our ability to deliver care through owned and partner assets is critical. We know we need to bring forward capabilities in the primary care and post-acute care spaces of their care journey. Not only does diligent D in care centric complement our expertise in retail and specialty pharmacy, but they build upon our portfolio of assets across our newly launched Walgreens Health Corners.  Now, I want to share a few more details about the exciting work of both of these companies. I spoke with you a moment ago about the consumer journey through healthcare. CareCentrix is focused on their final stage in the journey, post-acute. Basically, when the patient goes home, this is a point in the journey where many folks feel abandoned or lost. I certainly know we did when I was taking care of my mother. CareCentrix makes it easier for both caregivers and patients to understand their options and connect with the expertise they need, which lowers re-admissions significantly, resulting in a lower total cost of care. Our stake in CareCentrix really helps us as we strive to play a role across the care continuum. While we already have a fantastic partnership with VillageMD, our ownership stake gives us a greater opportunity to expand and accelerate, while further coordinating our assets to drive better outcomes. We already know how to work with VillageMD. We know how to scale their model. We built co-located clinics at many Walgreens locations and have continued to learn while we did.  And there are great opportunities to bring the physician and pharmacists together to improve overall care. One thing that is very important to VillageMD, and a primary reason we started this partnership, to begin with, is that they are focused on all patient populations. Medicare, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, commercial, and the uninsured. This was a really important aspect for us since it allows us to serve patients across their life journeys. For most people, your primary care doctor stays with you throughout your life.  And we think VillageMD 's model really supports this vision. I'm also very excited to share that this expanded partnership will increase the number of co-located clinics that we had originally planned, going from 600 to over 1,000. And lastly, this model is focused on value-based care, which completely aligns with the strategy for Walgreens Health that I shared with you a couple of slides ago. I'd like to take a moment to share a video of how the Walgreens and VillageMD partnership is working today. This is just the beginning, but I hope you'll share my excitement about our potential here. With Village Medical clinic being in close proximity to our pharmacy, we're able to collaborate more effectively and help provide custom care plans for our patients, as well as address any urgent patient issues more quickly and effectively. I was diagnosed with systemic lupus, and it changed my life. I needed to come up with a plan. One that was strategic, one that involved my pharmacist, and my doctor. So, they became like my family. For a patient like Christina, who takes multiple medications with lots of different side effects, the ability to consult with her doctor and her pharmacist, at the same time, in the same location, drives a result, that I'm not sure she could have achieved any other location. I love the fact that I get to work closely with these patients, and educate them in every aspect of their medication, and addressing any barriers to adherence that they may be experiencing. I get to communicate freely with the providers here. If we have any questions in regards to a patient's medication, they're only one phone call away. You go from the doctor's office, straight next door, to the pharmacy, you're out of there. They've made everything so simple. I mean, where else can you get that? Bye.  Now, I'd like to share more about the organic work we've been doing beyond CareCentrix and VillageMD. Over the past year, we have developed and are bringing to market a new offering; the Walgreens Health Corner, which includes both digital and physical channels. The digital channel of the Walgreens Health Corner will empower our customers to feel more in control of their health by connecting their daily health to the assessable and high-quality services they need whenever and wherever.  The physical channel of the Walgreens Health Corner takes the digital experience to the next level by bringing to consumers in-person expertise and care from someone they trust in their community. We have started our development in the digital channel of the Walgreens Health Corner in two key areas. The first area is the consumer and caregiver app, which 1, allows consumers to access the programs and services that they need digitally.  Secondly, it drives engagement through simple nudges and friendly reminders to help them take the right actions to better manage their health and follow what their doctors are recommending. Thirdly, it makes caregiving less hard and emotionally taxing by enabling caregivers to manage the task, medications, and appointments of their loved ones. It also will provide caregivers with access to support resources for themselves, to help them better manage their own needs.  The second area is the health marketplace, which will create personalized programs and services that are most relevant to a consumer and covered by their insurance. Also, it integrates back to the provider to help them select the right programs at the point of care and to connect back to the physical channel of the Walgreens Health corner by bringing forward guidance, coaching, and chronic condition support.  Leveraging the community presence of Walgreens stores, we have already delivered into the market and operationalized Walgreenss health corners. They are in 40 locations open today, they are working and our health plan partners love them. They provide a differentiated experience to deliver individual clinical and non-clinical services. The physical channel of the Walgreens Health Corners is comprised of a welcoming physical space in our stores with a private health room, a technology bar that provides access to devices and technologies such as lifestyle products, and remote patient monitoring devices that help consumers manage their health and chronic conditions.  And the health advisors who are licensed clinicians, pharmacists, and nurses who are available to deliver healthcare services provide advice and guidance and build a local trusted relationship. Just to clarify, the difference between what we've discussed earlier, the Walgreens Health Corners are staffed by clinicians such as pharmacists and nurses. While VillageMD Clinics are even broader services and are physician-led. Next, I want to talk a bit about the strategic contracts we have in place with innovative payers across the industry, which provide Walgreens Health with access to over 2 million lives.  We started with Clover Health earlier this year as our first partner in these services, and are actively serving their members. In fact, as part of this program, we already have Health Corners in place today, serving their patient populations. And we recently announced a strategic partnership with Blue Shield of California with a plan to launch new products and services to their members in the coming months.  The potential of partnerships like these is vast and we continue to talk with many other plans across the country that are interested in a relationship with Walgreens Health. So, this is just the beginning. To bring to life the Walgreens Health Corners, I'd like to share with you a short video featuring Clover members using our services, our health Advisor team, and our Clover and Blue Shield of California partners.  In the Health Corner program, we offer care gap services for patients. These are things like blood pressure, BMI, flu shots, things that they might not get in their everyday care, and things that we want to help minimize long-term complications in the future. Patients do really enjoy the privacy that they can get in our healthcare corner. They could talk about their health in a relaxed setting and not be rushed. I could use my license to educate people on the right products and they love it. I think it's perfect because a lot of people can't get to the hospital or  you can get your blood pressure. So, I think that's great. Education's very important just because health literacy can be very low in certain communities. We explain to them how important it is to take their medication s, to focus on their diet, their exercise. If they really understand the whole concept of this, they take it more seriously, and they can really prevent things like a heart attack, a stroke in the future that would definitely cost way more for them in terms of medical care and quality of life. Everyone deserves great healthcare. At Clover, at Walgreens, we both believe inequitable access in bringing care to everyone, irrespective of who their doctor is and irrespective of who their health insurer is. We're just increasing that acceptability and convenience, which then we see leads to better outcomes at a lower cost. I just love things that are innovative and pragmatic. And I think the Health Corners are this. It's innovative in the sense that it's truly trying to design a system around the consumer, the patient, and deliver that high-tech, high-touch experience. But it's also pragmatic, it's meeting people where they are. So anytime you can be creative, innovative, and try to move the system in a transformational way, I think you have the best chance for success and this meets both of those parameters. So, the external partnerships are very important to the Health Corner. We're able to not only leverage their patient density and where we place our Health Corners, but we're also able to really connect directly with their patients. By having a clinician in our stores, we're able to meet them where they are and empower them to champion their own health and wellness. One of the tools we actually use all the time is the Walgreens app. It has something in there called Find Care. So, you can actually find providers, telehealth visits or even COVID testing, things like that, that our customers do need but don't really know how to find or are unsure about the costs. We're able to help them manage and navigate through their healthcare, whether it's physicians, billing, and getting them the care, they need. They have enough issues as it is, we want them to focus on their health and I think that's where we're committed to, is to make this a success for our patients. As a pharmacist, this is also what I dreamed of doing, is to help our patients to make a difference in their health care journey and in their lives.  We already have 2 million lives in our ecosystem today through our existing partnerships. We expect that  with over 10 million by fiscal year '25. 1 million of those will be at risk and that number doesn't include the VillageMD ambitions. And to expand our access to lives, it will be important to continue building a strong ecosystem of partners. Clover and Blue Shield are just the beginning. We are already engaged with other interested partners and expect to be well over 10 by 2025. As we scale our access to lives and partnerships, we will continue to build out our very successful Health Corners. We will have over 100 by the end of this fiscal year and expect to reach 3,000 plus at scale. Lastly, and as I mentioned earlier, our expanded partnership with VillageMD will allow us to scale the number of co-located clinics toward one thousand units by 2027. This will give us unprecedented reach and scale. We know that this is just the beginning, and we'll continue to share even more key metrics with you as this business gets closer to reaching scale. You have our commitment to open dialogue as we continue to build this new healthcare segment. To sum this all up, the launch of Walgreens Health is a big, bold move for WBA.  It represents our commitment to care for communities across the country. and builds off our core assets and long-established consumer relationships. We have already made major strides by making two new majority investments in care delivery, with VillageMD and CareCentrix, launching and operationalizing Walgreens Health Corners, both physically and digitally, signings strategic contracts with two partners, providing access to over 1.8 million lives, and putting in place an aggressive growth plan that will be executed through a balance of organic and inorganic activities.  We look forward to taking you along on this journey, as we continue to rapidly grow this business. And with that, I'm now going to turn it over to James who is going to cover a key part I know you've all been waiting for. He's going to speak about how we're going to focus our portfolio and connect our investments and capital to our strategy. James?
James Kehoe: Thanks, Ros. Our third strategic priority is to refocus the portfolio and optimize capital allocation. Ultimately, we aim to maximize long-term shareholder returns. We have refined our capital allocation principles and approach, with a much sharper focus on both the U.S. and healthcare markets. Our portfolio transformation started earlier this year with the successful divestiture of our Alliance Healthcare business for $6.5 billion, achieving an attractive 12 times EBITDA multiple. Our focus has now shifted to two key areas. Firstly, we are optimizing our portfolio of equity investments. One recent example was the decision to increase our stake in Shield's Health to 71%.  Secondly, acquisitions must be aligned with strategy and prioritize our Healthcare ambitions. You heard earlier from Ros, that we are announcing 2 investments today. We have acquired an initial 55% stake in CareCentrix, and we have taken a majority stake in VillageMD. Both of these investments are targeting sweet spots in care delivery and value-based care and are fully aligned with strategy. As we look at our capital allocation priorities, we expect to see a healthy balance of organic investments and strategic M&A.  We remain committed to a growing dividend and returning excess cash to shareholders. And finally, we are very focused on optimizing our attractive portfolio of equity investments. We will assess M&A with an operational and financial lens. While we continue to seek attractive returns, ultimately, we will prioritize quality healthcare assets that accelerate growth and enhance capabilities or talent. Nothing new on our leverage goals, we will continue to target solid investment grades.  However, we may temporarily flex upwards for the right strategic acquisition. Looking forward, there is a clear opportunity to optimize our equity investments. We have already assessed each investment in terms of strategic fit, synergy with WBA, and potential for future financial returns. Obviously, we cannot share our conclusions. But our first actions do show a tendency to take majority positions when we're convinced that the investments are aligned with strategy and offer attractive long-term financial returns. In the case of Shield s, we took an initial 25% stake in July 2019 for an investment of $165 million.  We have now invested a further $970 million to increase our stake to 71% with a future path to full ownership via  structure. The acquisition of an initial 55% stake in CareCentrix and the $5.2 billion investment in VillageMD are key steps in bringing to life our healthcare ambitions. Looking forward, we do expect to make further changes to the equity investment portfolio. And we will communicate each strategic move as we get closer. Let me now provide a little more information on the VillageMD and CareCentrix transactions.  As Ross highlighted earlier, VillageMD is an incredible opportunity. It is a leading value-based primary care provider with 230 clinics in 15 markets. It operates in a vast market with a unique operating model and it is poised for explosive growth as it builds out 1,000 VillageMD at Walgreens ' clinics over the next 6 years. WBA is investing $5.2 billion to raise its stake in VillageMD to 63%. Fiscal year '22 revenue was estimated to be around 1.3 to $1.5 billion depending upon the transaction closing date.  We expect the transaction to be dilutive with an impact of $0.8 to $0.15 depending upon the closing date and the pace of their investments. Finally, we expect that VillageMD will proceed with their IPO later in Calendar 22, with WBA remaining the majority shareholder. CareCentrix is an industry leader in the post-acute and home care sector, providing care coordination and outsource benefit management services.  The U.S. post-acute care market represents approximately $75 billion in healthcare spending annually and is considered one of the fastest-growing segments in healthcare. The $330 million investment is for an initial 55% stake with an option to acquire the remaining equity interest in the future. Fiscal year '22 revenue is estimated to be around $1.2 to $1.4 billion. And we expect that transaction to be slightly EPS dilutive in fiscal '22 and accretive thereafter. My final slide brings it all home. This lays out the tremendous value of our equity investments. We estimate a valuation range of around $21 billion, the majority of which are healthcare investments. The investments range from majority stakes in VillageMD, Shields, CareCentrix NIA, to minority positions such as our 28.5% shareholding in AmerisourceBergen, and our 21% shareholding in Option Care.  In total, this attractive healthcare portfolio is valued at around $20 billion. Given the large value of our equity investments. And the launch of a new fast-growing Walgreens Health segment. Moving forward, it will be increasingly important for the market to value WBA as the sum of the parts. Given the upfront healthcare investments, it may also be more appropriate to use revenue multiples to value the Walgreens Health segment. And on that very positive note, let me hand it over to Roz for our fourth and final priority.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. And now I'm going to add a little bit more detail on our final core strategic priority to build a high-performance culture and a winning, diverse team within the Company. You'll recall that earlier I discussed how our purpose and our vision are going to unite and propel us forward. And underpinning our purpose and vision, are also our four core values, which we fondly referred to as the four Cs. They are courageous, connected, committed, and curious. Courageous is about challenging the status quo, addressing conflict directly, and driving informed risk-taking.  Connected is about reflecting the communities that we serve, understanding the needs of others, and innovating together. Committed is leading with integrity, building on our legacy, and striving boldly towards the future. And lastly, curious. Curious is continuously learning and adapting, following the science and the data, and creating paths where none existed. You'll be hearing a lot more about how we're carrying out our purpose, our vision, and our values to deliver even better and more meaningful results in the future. But of course, one key way we're going to supercharge our culture is with strong leadership, which is why I am thrilled to share more about some of our most recent hires who reflect our future growth. We've added new talent and expertise across retail, healthcare, customer experience, and HR in addition to our core business of pharmacy and healthcare. These new leaders bring a collective set of experiences across the healthcare and retail industries from organizations with strong customer-centric mindsets.  This will be instrumental as we further innovate across every consumer touchpoint and work to define the future of health and well-being in the communities we serve. I'm very happy to welcome to the Company Holly May, Global Chief Human Resources Officer for WBA, Anita Alamond, Chief Transformation and Integration Officer for WBA, Daniel Gray, our Global Chief Legal Officer for WBA, and Tracy Brown, President of retail products, Chief Customer Officer for Walgreens, and Jeff Greener, Chief Financial Officer for Walgreens. So welcome to all of our new hires. At this point, I'd like to turn it back over to James and he will take us through our fourth-quarter earnings in fiscal year '21, financial highlights.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Ros. Before getting into our long-term growth model and guidance. Let me first give you some color on the fourth-quarter and full-year results. In summary, we had an excellent quarter. Adjusted EPS was $1.17, well ahead of expectations, and up 28.1% versus the prior year on a constant currency basis. Full-year adjusted EPS was $4.91, an increase of 13.7% in constant currency. Overall, this result exceeded the guidance we provided at our third-quarter earnings call.  Driven by higher COVID-19 vaccinations, strong U.S. retail performance, and good execution across most markets. We administered 34.6 million COVID-19 vaccinations in fiscal year '21, 6.6 million doses higher than the guidance we provided at our third-quarter conference call. Demand for vaccinations accelerated as the Delta variant cases spiked, and we executed strongly, achieving a fourth-quarter market share of around 21%. Free cash flow increased to $4.2 billion and following the completion of the Alliance Healthcare divestiture, we de -levered the Balance Sheet by $6.5 billion compared to last year.  Strong execution was fundamental to the quarter. In the U.S., comp scripts grew 8.8%, including a 485 basis points uplift from COVID-19 vaccines. Underlying scripts grew by 4% driven by seasonal scripts. U.S. retail comps grew 6.2% with broad-based growth across most categories, fueled by our omnichannel and mass personalization initiatives. The UK recovery is very much on track. COVID-19 restrictions were lifted in the middle of July and we drove strong market share gains especially in Beauty, which grew sales by 24.8%. Now let's look at the fourth quarter and full-year financial metrics. Fourth-quarter sales advanced 11.8% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong growth from both the international and U.S. segments.  Adjusted operating income increased 22.1% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong gross profit growth and this led to adjusted EPS growth of 28.1% in the quarter. In summary, EPS growth was of high quality. Full-year sales increased 7.5% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income increased 7.7% on a constant currency basis again, reflecting strong adjusted gross profit growth across both segments and savings from our transformational cost management program.  Fiscal year total EPS was $5.31, a constant currency increase of 11% over the prior year despite the divestment over Alliance Healthcare business on June 1st, and the loss of three months of profit contribution. On a continuing basis, adjusted EPS was $4.91, a constant currency increase of 13.7%. As a reminder, our EPS guidance at the start of the year was low single-digit. Lastly, on a continuing basis, GAAP EPS increased by $2.10 to $2.30. And this also reflects a prior year impairment charge of $2 billion and investment gains this year related to our holding in Option Care Health. Now, let's briefly look at segment financial performance in the fourth quarter. U.S. sales advanced 6.6% in the quarter with comp sales increasing 8.1% driven by 8.8% growth in comp scripts and 6.2% in comparable retail sales. U.S. adjusted gross profit increased 13.7% due to strong sales growth, improved pharmacy margins due to favorable mix, and retail volume and margin growth. Adjusted operating income increased 16.4% as the strong gross profit more than compensated for costs related to the COVID-19 vaccination program on higher growth investments.  Turning to the international segment, and as always, on top of the constant currency numbers, Sales increased 52.6% in the quarter, including higher sales from the formation of our wholesale joint venture in Germany. Excluding this tailwind, sales were up 9.3%, reflecting ongoing recovery and strong execution in the UK market. Comparable retail sales increased 15% in the UK, driven by a recovery of footfall, strong commercial execution, and a successful marketing campaign. Adjusted operating income was $140 million in the quarter, up to $129 billion versus the prior year, reflecting 32.7% growth in adjusted gross profit. Let me now turn to our long-term growth algorithm.  Before starting, please note that all references to EPS refer to adjusted EPS, and all growth rates are on a constant-currency basis. Our long-term growth will be highly influenced by the pace of healthcare investments. And over the long-term horizon, we see a clear path to a growth model that aims for an EPS growth of 11% to 13%. Starting in fiscal '22, we will ramp up healthcare investments to build out our long-term growth engine. And over the next 3 years, we expect EPS growth of around 4% with growth accelerating each year as the healthcare investments generate increasing returns.  EPS will be flat in '22, rising to mid-single-digit in '23 and accelerating further to mid to high single-digit in '24. Beyond '24, the long-term growth algorithm calls for EPS growth in the low teams as the faster growing and higher margin healthcare business hit scale. Let me first bring you through some of the key assumptions. We do expect a gradual increase in our tax rate and this is largely due to adverse mix, due to a growing proportion of higher tax rate U.S. income.  Please note that we have not considered any impacts from the current legislative proposals. While share repurchases are not a priority in the initial years, our long-term growth algorithm does assume sizeable capacity for repurchase activity. As you have heard earlier, we have very good visibility into cost savings over the coming years. Turning now to the international segment, we expect international AOI growth of more than 50% in fiscal '22 with a 3-year compound annual growth rate of 25% to 30%.  This will be driven by mid-single-digit sales growth with Fiscal '22 especially strong, that 8% to 10% sales growth. Longer-term, the growth algorithm assumes sales growth of 3 to 4% and mid-single-digit AOI growth. In the U.S., the long-term growth model is based on sales growth of 3.5 to 4%, with pharmacy growth of around 4.5%, and front of store growth around 2%. Gross margins will trend slightly lower with continued pressure from pharmacy reimbursement only partly offset by continued gross margin gains from U.S. retail, and the gross margin accretion coming from new businesses. SG&A growth will trend below inflation and well below sales growth as we continue to prioritize cost optimization and reinvention.  Overall, this stroke model leads to AOI growth of around 3%. Fiscal '22 will be an outlier. As the U.S. business will face some unique headwinds in the short term, including lower vaccinations, minimum wage, and the loss of contracts and our Alliance OREX specialty business. Fiscal '22 sales will decline by around 8%, with 7 percentage points due to AllianceRx and 60 basis points due to lower vaccinations and testing. This leads to an NOI outlook of flat to slightly down for 2022. However, we do anticipate a return to revenue and AOI growth in the following fiscal year. Let me now turn to Walgreens Health. We see considerable sales potential and we expect the segment to post strong sales growth over the short, medium, and long term.  In 2022, we expect sales of around $3 billion, mostly from our recent M&A activity. And we expect the acquisitions to grow very quickly and achieve sales of around $10 billion by fiscal '25. Ros has already provided insights into our healthcare goals and objectives and our organic developments are moving ahead of pace. We expect the organic revenue opportunity to build over time to at least $3.5 billion. Although, it will take time to achieve scale as we build out our offering and partner with more and more players and providers.  Beyond '24, the long-term growth model assumes sales growth in the high teens. The margin structure will be attractive and higher than our current business, but it will take time to achieve optimal scale. Most of you will have a good understanding of the potential long-term margin levels for businesses such as VillageMD, Shields, and CareCentrix. Over time, our Walgreens Health organic developments will trend to margins of over 25%. The next three years will be an investment mode and this will drive significant revenue growth as the segment grows quickly.  We are providing specific AOI investment projections for Walgreens Health's organic development. In fiscal '22, we anticipate an AOI loss of over $200 million, rising to around $300 million in '23 before falling back to around $117 million in 2024, as investments subside and sales expand. In terms of EPS accretion, Shields is immediately accretive to the tune of around $0.03 in fiscal year '22. CareCentrix is neutral to slightly negative in fiscal '22, and EPS  from 23 on-wards.  VillageMD will continue to be an investment mode for the foreseeable future with more than 800 clinics targeted by 2025. We anticipate fiscal '22 dilution of $0.8 to $0.15, depending upon the closing timeline and the pace of investment. Beyond '24, the new healthcare segment, should generate material, sales, and AOI and contribute around 7 percentage points of EPS growth. These assumptions underpin our long-term growth algorithm. So let me now summarize. Post 2024 the EPS growth potential is solidly in a range of 11% to 13%. The base business will contribute around 3%.  The healthcare segment contributes 7 percentage points of growth and share repurchases contribute around 3%. In the near term, we anticipate EPS growth of around 4%, principally coming from the base business with the healthcare segment contributing 0.5%. Turning now to our specific guidance for the fiscal year 2022. As I laid out earlier, we expect flat EPS with the base business growth of 4% offsetting a 4-percentage point headwind from the newly established healthcare segment.  The base business growth of 4% includes headwinds of 8 percentage points, mainly from lower COVID-19 vaccinations, and higher core investments. These are offset by strong growth from international higher ABC earnings and moderate growth in the U.S. The AOI impact of our organic healthcare business is projected to be a loss of $200 million in fiscal '22, reducing EPS growth by 3% points. And our healthcare M&A will lead to EPS dilution of $0.05 to $0.10 entirely due to VillageMD. Revenue was projected at $3 billion to $3.2 billion, but this does depend upon closing timing for the three transactions. Turning now to phasing. We are projecting a strong start to the year due to higher vaccinations in the first half of the year, and a weak prior-year flu season. Overall, we expect first-half EPS growth of 15 to 18%. In the second half of the year. We will be facing tough prior-year comps due to COVID-19 vaccinations. higher healthcare investments. This leads to a second-half EPS decline of 14% to 17%. Beyond Fiscal '22, we project accelerating growth.  EPS will grow mid-single-digit in 2023, and mid to high single-digit in 2024. Beyond 2024, EPS growth will accelerate again from 11% to 13% growth, largely driven by our new Walgreens Health segment. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for closing comments.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. So, in conclusion of our prepared comments and presentations, you've heard a lot today and about how we're leading off of our momentum with a thoughtful long-term strategic plan, that pivots our business deeper into healthcare. And James has outlined for us how that strategy impacts our expectations for earnings. Even factoring in the investments we're making in the coming months to develop our new business area; we believe we will see reasonable growth in earnings in the short term.  But it will be mitigated to some degree in the immediate term, given the extraordinary comparable performance from such a strong year in 2021 and the need to make some strategic investments to accelerate our strategy for the longer term. Looking forward, however, as the cost of investments gives way to the returns, we will get in the years to come, and as our healthcare businesses grow to a degree of the scale, we believe this will lead to a healthy and sustainable double-digit EPS growth. But I want to make it clear. Again, that we're not asking you to just take our word for what we're doing.  You can see that the work that is already underway with our partnerships, with companies like Blue Shield of California and Clover, and of course through investments in VillageMD and CareCentrix, and Shields to help us accelerate our plans. This work we are doing to create a differentiated consumer-centric healthcare business is basically the key to unlock material - enhanced long-term growth for the business while securing the future of the core business. In my opening comments today, I told you what we aim for you to take away from our event.  And so, I want to go back to that. We've outlined today a plan to drive sustainable growth in our business, pivoting our focus much more towards healthcare, and delivering a strategy that brings together truly integrated, new, and revitalized initiatives in healthcare, pharmacy, in retail. Our plans in healthcare will be symbiotic with our pharmacy and retail businesses, building on their strengths and giving us new and a differentiated engine for growth. We're moving at pace, building out what we need to internally and complementing it with investments to bring the initiatives, additional skills, and resources, and to accelerate our development of this new segment to our business.  We are acting quickly to build out the assets and capabilities we need to ensure success in this area, and to form a platform for the new operating model. We've also developed a financial algorithm, which reflects this change in focus and business mix. Were committed to offering enhanced communication and transparency as a management team, and as a business, to all of our stakeholders. And we want to bring everyone along with us for this exciting journey. Finally, but perhaps most importantly, I want to mention once again, our revitalized strategy. With this increased emphasis on healthcare.  This strategy will go hand-in-hand with an intensified focus on execution, operational excellence, and customer experience. And it will deliver growth. It will drive operational financial performance and it will result in strong returns going forward in the short, medium, and long term. So, in closing, I'm going to end in a rather unique way. Instead of saying we're wrapping up, I'm going to say we're just starting and we're bringing you along with this to a new beginning. Welcome to a new era for WBA, a new day, a new path forward. And now we'll take a quick break. Thank you.
A - Jonathan Spitzer: Welcome back. I'm excited now to open up to Q&A. Before we start taking Zoom questions, I like to kindly ask that you keep questions to one, plus a follow-up, so we get as many of you as possible. With that, our first question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Lisa?
Lisa Gill: Great. Thanks very much, Jay, and good morning. Roz, I very much look forward to finally meeting in person in January but let me just start with a question about your portfolio. We look at the companies that you've made investments in, those are companies that we actually know pretty well and are very passive companies. My first question would be, why not bond them outright rather than just make the investment? And we think about making an investment where you have a majority holdership, how much of this strategic vision can you help to craft how they think about the locations that you'll pick together? And then just lastly, going to James ' comment around optimizing equity investments, how do you think about your ABC investment going forward?
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. Lisa, I look forward to seeing you too in January. Let me first -- I'm going to start this off and then I'm going to pass it over to James. So, I think it's important to think about what we announced today around Walgreens Health. This is about a healthcare ecosystem and its customer-focused with tech enablement right in the center.  And then when you think about the continuum of care and the investments that we've made, you can see that we are bringing those investments forward for a couple of reasons. First of all, it allows us to accelerate and that is important to us. It also really concentrates on when we start with well-being, all the way to post-acute care, you can see how each -- one of these investments plays a role.  The other thing I will mention to you is that we've already got a little bit of momentum in the business right now, you saw our fourth-quarter results. And then I would tell you that in some of the relationships we have, we know them very well. So, it gives us a little bit of an edge and a way to really get this new opportunity moving forward.  The other thing to think about is that think about Fiscal year '22 being our year of investment. And beyond that, you've seen the numbers where we see growth coming beyond those years. So, this is a year of investment and then being very, very focused about where we will invest and what makes sense to go towards this strategic intention that we have.  We've been very deliberate about that, Lisa, and so when you talk about it -- should it be partial investment, full stake? We're just being very strategic about that and we're looking very detailed in terms of what's going to get us to that next level. I want to turn it over to James so he can address your question on ABC and any other financial questions.
James Kehoe: Hi, Lisa. So first of all, I would say we have changed the M&A strategy quite a bit because you will well know, many of our positions were minority positions. For the first statement, I would say because what we'd make is -- we're making majority -- taking majority stakes.  The reason being -- and you ask, "Why not a full acquisition? " I'd point out first, Shields and Care Centrix, both have a part to 100%, and in fact in both cases, there is an obligation for us to go to 100%. So, the majorities are just -- we have a rationale here. We believe we want fast-paced, agile, and motivated teams focused on the business you're good at.  And we believe if we try as a company to manage each of these companies directly, we won't do them justice, so we want skin in the game. So, we want management teams that are fully ascent  The last one, the one on Village MD is a little bit more particular, given the tremendous opportunity we see there. We see going to 800 clinics in the next 4 or 5 years and well beyond that in the long term.  They will need considerable access to capital and in this transaction, we're putting in capital for the first five-plus years. But we believe a publicly listed entity will have more access to capital and a more motivated and very focused team. And it will be the primary vehicle we will have for taking -- for primary care physicians and value-based care.  So, it's a primary vehicle. We haven't really taken any position on whether we ever move to full ownership, but we did make a statement in the presentation, we do see them on a path to an IPO during the course of 2022, probably sometime later in the year. You asked about locations, we think we will build out the -- by far the best primary care physician network in the U.S... We now have a commitment for 1,000 and these are fully-fledged, these are not Health Corners. These are fully-fledged value-based care. They are not Minute Clinics, they're not nurse-enabled clinics, they are primary care physicians, and they will be across the entire portfolio of healthcare. And then finally, you asked about ABC. We don't comment on the portfolio. What we will comment on is there is tremendous value in the -- we call them now equity interest.  We estimate about 20 billion. And some of these investments are more and less liquid. What our commitment is, we're looking at the fits of the strategy, we're looking at the synergy with the base business, and we're looking at long-term financial returns. And we've made the first 3 statements, if you like, well, 2.  Shields, we've taken up to 71%. We love the asset. It has a fabulous growth trajectory. And then VillageMD, same thing. We think it is an innovative model, a unique management team, highly qualified, and they really going to drive a large business going forward.
Lisa Gill: Thank you.
James Kehoe: Okay.
Lisa Gill: Thank you.
James Kehoe: Perfect.
Jonathan Spitzer: So, our next question is going to come from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Ricky?
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi, good morning, and thank you for all the detail. Healthcare is clearly a key component of long-term growth goals and investment, yet the leadership, Roz, you, and Jeff come from a retail consumer background, so one, who will lead Walgreens Health? And second of all, maybe you can talk about the process of setting guidance and how involved was Jeff in the process? And then I do want to just bring another question, do you see any timing to into the healthcare focus? I mean, over the last 18 months, we're seeing growing adoption of digital consumption of healthcare services, including pharmacy. What are the key variables that you're considering when you make decisions about your retail footprint in the U.S.? versus a digital strategy or a combo.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Ricky, for that question. Let me first start off with who will lead, and how are we thinking about our new segment, Walgreens Health. And you've seen that we have added new executives to the company. If you dig a little deeper in their background, you will see that they have -- we're trending a little bit more towards health care experience. We will take advantage of our internal talent and external talent to identify the new leader for Walgreens Health.  So that is yet to come. When you think about my background in retail pharmacy, having run stores for Walmart and running the Sam's Club business that had pharmacies attached to them. It does give me a little bit of insight in terms of how we run the day-to-day. But your question around our retail footprint and the work that we want to do in WBA Health, they're interconnected.  This venture that we are going into is about local healthcare, and we have 9,100 units across the U.S. and they are closely aligned to some of the most critical zip codes across the U.S. When you look at VillageMD and the clinics that we plan to add, it's interesting to note that 50% of those will be aligned in medically underserved areas where we already currently have stores. So, our current store footprint is critical.  And not only is the store footprint critical, but we already have the digital and physical assets. Learning, knowing our customers, those who will take advantage of WBA Health or Walgreens Health, our new business venture, they're already our customers. And so, the customer relationships we have from our retail footing that we currently have, the physical assets that we have, our digital build is really in the center of what's in the plans for Walgreens Health.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. All right. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of Bank of America, Mike.
Michael Cherny: Great. Thanks, Jay, and good morning. Thanks so much for all the color. Maybe just quickly a question for James ' technical question. Will you be reporting out Walgreens Health as a segment starting in the next fiscal quarter? And then along the lines of the broader strategy, a lot of commentaries today around the building, growing, expanding. One of the things you didn't address as much outside of the short part of the updated transformational cost component is the future of the current store base as you have it. In the past, managements talked about the potential for closing stores, co-locating, whatever it may be. How do you factor in terms of that long-term growth algorithm, what the store base is expected to look like over the next 3, 5, 7 years?
James Kehoe: Yeah. I'll take the first part and then maybe I'll pass it on to John for some comments on the store-based. Yeah, we will set up a new segment starting the first quarter, so that will be the first time we will issue it. We won't really have to restate the past because it didn't exist in the past. And the 3 recent acquisitions will be in the segment, plus the organic healthcare development. So that's why we gave guidance for both separately.  And then, TCM. We are really happy with the program, I'll just cover that for a second. We save $800 million just in the past fiscal year and we're looking for probably 500-600 million in the one we're going into now. And I know there were some doubts out in the investor market as to what is the funnel longer-term on cost reduction.  We don't see it going down, and we see continued opportunities to optimize costs in the business over time. And then one element of the guidance has been completely factored into the guidance we provided this morning. We actually went out because -- this is interesting -- I actually, I just want to make a point, I came from a Pharmaceutical Company. Pharma companies do 10-year and 15-year models.  So actually, we've started modeling out our Healthcare business on a 10-year horizon. So, there is a big shift even within the company in how we think about financial forecasting because in many cases a 3-year plan horizon doesn't even begin to show the returns in healthcare investment. So, with that, I'll pass it over to John.
John Standley: Thank you, James. So just really quick. Roz mentioned it during her talk. The relevance of our physical network, I think it really -- has really stood out here through the pandemic, through our vaccine and testing efforts. And so, I think our footprint is really a key part of who we are, our national network of convenient and community-based care locations.  And so, as we think about the strategy going forward, those locations are really critical to where we're going and what we can do with them. VillageMD is our great example of getting those into 800 locations. What we're talking about with Health Corners and Walgreens Health is another great example. So, we see a lot of potential in the network we have.  As part of TCM, of course, we're always looking to make the store base as efficient as we can, and we have opportunities to grow in smaller formats which we've tried here. We'll have 100 of those by the end of the fiscal year, and those have done extremely well. So, I think the store network will continue to play a critical role in the strategy as we go forward.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. So, the next question is coming from Steven Valiquette of Barclays. Steve, over to you.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks, and good morning everyone. So, we showed in the slide deck that the level of COVID vaccines and testing combined will likely be about 4% diluted to the EPS growth in fiscal '22 versus fiscal '21. So, I'm just curious to hear more about the variables within that. Should we expect that the margins on the 25 million doses for next year will be about the same as 34.6 million? And also, you previously increased the staffing levels to administer the vaccines. Do you have the ability to flex that down or do you have to maintain those same levels? Just curious to hear more about the components of that 4% that  Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: So, I'm going to ask John to talk about some of the administration things that we've done in the stores to get vaccines and testing to our customers.
John Standley: Yeah. I mean, we have -- I think we've done an amazing job. I think it's not just about probably the 25 that we're going to do this year, the 25 million vaccines for Fiscal year '22, but also about the opportunity in these businesses to really grow over time. So not just with vaccines, but also with testing. And I talked a little bit about in my talk how I think testing can really open some new doors for us, in closing gaps in care and providing tests and treatment in certain markets.  So, I think we're starting to see our business really evolve here. And I think vaccine and testing are two great ways that are going to happen. As we think about the business model, we do have the opportunity to efficiently manage labor as volume changes, but we also see the opportunity to invest in some of these other areas as well to continue to triumph and grow the business also.  So, I think that's how we're thinking about it. In terms of margin, we'll be negotiating on vaccine reimbursement and other reimbursements throughout the year, so we'll just have to see how that kind of plays out.
James Kehoe: As we look at this, we exited the year really strongly. We achieved a total share of vaccines of 21%, which is extremely strong. And we see September has closed very strongly on vaccines and it continued into October.  So, while the 25 million doses look point meaty as a goal, we've had a very, very strong start to the year. And as John said, we actually year-on-year, the actual overheads due to COVID will be actually going down, sorry, COVID vaccine administration will actually be decreasing.
Steven Valiquette: Yeah, thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you. All right.
Jonathan Spitzer: Our next question is going to be coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI. Elizabeth, over to you.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, everyone. Thanks so much for the details today. Could you talk a little bit more about the opportunities from the new segment to positively drive operating income of the core pharmacy business and how much you have of that perhaps embedded in your expectations over the next few years? Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. I'm going to turn that question over to James to cover a little bit about our numbers going forward.
James Kehoe: Yes. First of all, I think as you look at the segment itself, the one thing I'd point out is explosive revenue growth, the way I described it. The first year will be $3 billion and we expect by '25 to be in or around $10 billion. So first of all, that's the core part of it. At the same time, the health tech consumer-centric central vehicle, that will start growing revenue over that period of time.  And there's a fair element of a mix between the segments. You've got -- the inorganic development with probably 25% plus margins, think of it more as tech margins. Then you've got VillageMD, I think you can figure that out by yourself, and Care Centrix, they're all slightly higher than the core company.  The one part we haven't really contemplated in the guidance for the U.S. businesses, we've assumed continued pressure from reimbursement. We're being quite realistic that the gross margin over time will be slightly down because of reimbursement. The opportunity we haven't considered is there's mutual synergy in both directions between the COO Walgreens Pharmacy and the actual Health segment itself.  As we become more and more relevant in healthcare, there will be a favorable reflection back on pharmacy. And over time, the discussion theoretically now -- with the PBM should theoretically become a discussion with the payers, because as we try to drive more and more value in the system, once it becomes recognized through health outcomes, we have a different seat at the table.  However, that's really difficult to quantify. We've forward reasonable amounts of pharmacy reimbursement. We haven't counted on this improved relationship which we think in a logical health care system focused on the patients should occur, but right now it doesn't occur, it's a price market. I don't know, John, do you have a point of view on what I just said?
John Standley: I'm really excited about the opportunity. It's a great question and I think it's going to just open a ton of doors for us in the pharmacy business to gain access to additional patients and services. So, we're really excited about where we're heading and the opportunities it's going to create in the core Walgreens business.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Elizabeth.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. Our next question will be coming from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Justin, over to you.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about the assumptions on the VillageMD business in terms of how -- if you have any kind of script numbers, margin numbers, you've had stores open for a while now, what do you expect to be the downstream impact there to the pharmacy business? Is there anything you -- any numbers you can put around that or give us an idea of when you think you might be able to communicate that? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about what you expect from the international business within 2022. Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. James, do you want to take it?
James Kehoe:  prospects using the scripts, but international we were -- we're expecting a really, really strong upcoming couple of years, particularly driven by the next year, we expect international to grow by about 50%. The UK business has been -- it's been a big success over the last year when it already doubled profit once. So, it was coming off a fairly low base. But what the team has done a fabulous job on is resizing the core structure.  The second big one is shifting the company online. So, we have a current online penetration of about 22% of the total business is online. And it's growing extremely quickly. So, the business has been redesigned for the future. And once the sales come back next year and the sales growth is around, somewhere in the 8% to 10% kind of range in the UK, once it comes back, it's coming back on a very efficient model, very limited incremental overheads. So, we're -- we have a very fit company.  It's exiting prior-year very, very strongly. So, we did a very good fourth quarter. We had the biggest marketing campaign in many, many years in the UK. Strong -- so we have strong momentum, a resized cost structure, a really strong online presence, and foot traffic have finally come back in the U.S., but it's not come -- sorry, in the U.K, but it hasn't come back as quickly as we'd like.  So, we will see improving trends over the next 12 to 18 months. And the way we think about it in the UK will be fully recovered from COVID only in 2023. So, if you want to think about the horizon, it gets back to pre - COVID levels by that time. So, it's been a tough journey for them, much easier and not easier in the U.S., but U.S., for us, we had a very, very buoyant Q4. I think you're seeing the front of store comps up 6%, that's really, really strong.
Rosalind Brewer: Absolutely.
James Kehoe: The pharmacy business was up 8% on scripts. John, do you want to talk about the other piece?
John Standley: Yeah. Sure. I think the point I would make first is the investments about a lot more than script count. Obviously, it's a pivot into primary care in taking risks. So that's the first point. The second point is we are absolutely gaining script count from the relationship. And we are getting pretty decent penetration into the VMD patient base as well.  We haven't disclosed specific numbers, but there's -- we're definitely creating value there. But in the even bigger picture, I'm really excited about the things that we can do together, like the collaborative practice agreement and other services that we can get involved in, with VillageMD, to manage risk and drive better outcomes. So, it's just going to open a lot of exciting doors for us.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. Thank you, Justin. Our next question is coming from Ann Hynes of Mizuho and I'll kick it over to you now.
Ann Hynes: Thank you. Within your long-term guidance, we discussed how you view free cash flow and cash flow because I don't think you discussed that. And then secondly, when you view the outlook for each segment, obviously you gave very attractive long-term growth. What do you think are the biggest risks with each segment? And within that may be more on the near-term, how do your inflation? Maybe what part of your business you are seeing the biggest inflation. I mean, treasurers, whether it's generics, labor, and things like that, that would be very helpful. Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: So, thank you for that question and I'm going to start off with one part of that and then pass it onto my partners here. So first of all, just starting with inflation, so you're right, we're seeing some inflationary indications in the marketplace. In some instances, we've been passing some of our cost increases on.  We'll continue to do that and look at it carefully. While we are starting from a very good point of the transformational cost management that you've seen us apply against the business, which is why we've extended that into the future years, we're seeing some success there, so we can offset what we're seeing in the increased pricing.  The other thing I would mention to you in terms of our labor position, I think that this team has done a fantastic job of engaging our team members at the store level. In addition to our fulfillment centers. And a lot of that has been the work that we've done around our labor position and increasing wages and then recognizing the hard work of our pharmacists.  And John and his team have just done a fantastic job of not only engaging our own labor issues in terms of just engaging every day with our team members, providing development. And I think the most important work that we're doing in this space. And it's to make their jobs easier.  John and his team have been working very hard in putting in some of the work that we're doing around our central fill opportunities and automating the process behind the scenes of what one customer might see when they come into our store. So, I'm encouraged that, as inflation happens, we'll still continue to try and pull our costs down and deliver as best we can on behalf of the consumer. I don't know, James, if you want to add to that.
James Kehoe: No, I'll maybe answer your cash question more. We delivered 4 billion of free cash flow last year, quite strong. So that was basically in line with the previous year, but we covered the loss cash flow from Alliance Healthcare business. We're not going to start giving guidance going forward. There is -- we will keep fairly healthy levels of capital investments, probably at similar levels to today.  As IT investments go down in the future, we'll probably shift the investments into a refresh of the stores. That's a simplistic assumption. We're probably thinking out over the last two years, we've taken out $800 million of CapEx, sorry, of working capital each year. And there's no reason why that could have continued for the next maybe 2 years. So, we're in a fairly good position when it comes to cash. As you get out in the -- way out in the cycle color five-plus years out.  And the healthcare investments have shifted into scale under thrown-off cash. That's the stage where we can contemplate going back to probably fairly serious scale share repurchases if required. And then the final piece, as you asked by segment risks, maybe I'll give you my impression and John then -- and then I'll pass to John. But international, I'd have to probably say that I think it's -- I would say if you look at a long-term growth rate of 3 and then a mid-single-digit on AOI, that's eminently doable if you're the number 1 beauty specialist retailer in the UK.  And most of the international funds are achievable. I think it's literally down to best footfall will come back in line with the assumptions or not. But there's enough contingency such that I don't see any real risk in the U.S. I think on healthcare, I would say there's probably upside to the theoretical numbers.  But then the only risk is, can we hire people quickly enough? We always seem to be about 3 months behind. There is a war for talent. We are finding it increasingly easier to hire healthcare people into the company, which is quite surprising. There is -- they're believing in the vision, but we're still -- as we ramp up, we've got Blue Shield, which -- California, which is a huge endeavor on top of the Clover work that's being done.  We have to scale up enormously the organic team internally, just to deliver the Blue Shield, California. And that's a tremendous opportunity with the number of lives we've presented. I think it becomes a people game and health care of no risk in international. My perspective on the U.S. is, you never want to say too much about reimbursement, it's always a risk.  But I think we've planned that relatively in the right position. I think the potential risk is we are counting on money from new businesses like vaccines, diagnostics, that kind of thing. I think we have a right to win, but we've got some decent goals and they are put at risk, I'm not sure, John, how do you feel about it?
John Standley: I feel good about the plan, and the guidance that we're giving. And you touched on reimbursement rate, that -- we look at that pretty carefully, and we've done some modeling on it just to try and get a sense of the kind of where it goes. And clearly, there's going to be -- there's been reimbursement discussions.  There are going to be ongoing reimbursement discussions. But as I kind of start -- as we start to look out and do a little bit of modeling into the future, it seems to us that if reimbursement rate trends continue kind of into the medium to long term, it probably does start to cause some contraction in terms of access in the marketplace. That may be potentially some issue for us in the medium to long-term as we lookout. I think it's we just continue to work within.
James Kehoe: But the biggest number in the plan is actually the 25 million vaccinations.
John Standley: Yeah
James Kehoe: To be honest, it's the only thing that really keeps me awake but we've had a really strong start to the year or so risks that I thought we had 4 weeks ago I really have kind of dissipated. So, sitting in a much better position about the current year, is that a fair statement?
Rosalind Brewer: I'd agree with that too.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Ann. Our next question is going to come from A.J. Rice of Credit Suisse, A.J.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe just two quick questions here. One, when you think about the new healthcare business, I'm trying to understand how that infrastructure is going to be set up. You've got entrepreneurial companies like Shields and CareCentrix and VillageMD in there. Are they -- are you seeing those running in sort of a collection of businesses or will there be a significant Walgreens overlay of management infrastructure and how much can you integrate those and realize synergies at the G&A level or do they have to stay separate over time? And then my follow-up question would just be, we've heard a lot about supply chain lately. Are you having sort of near to intermediate-term issues around the supply chain or anything worth calling out there?
Rosalind Brewer: Great. I'll start that response and then I'll pass it to John for the supply chain work that his team has been doing. So, when we think about Walgreens Health, this is a new segment within our company.  So, when you think about our business segments right now, we have our Walgreens U.S. business, and then our Boots and international. So, we are standing up a new segment. And so, when you think about these companies and the integration of all of them, absolutely, we are activating those businesses within our company.  They won't sit on the sidelines as investments, and we will seek to create those synergies and bring those synergies to life. And we'll do that so that this whole description of how we want to wrap our healthcare ecosystem around our consumers, we will need to activate those companies, they will be needed. And so, we'll have leadership.  We are putting leadership in place as we speak to run the new segment. So, you'll see likely another person on stage with us in the future and in our conversations talking about how that business is coming forward. So, we'll have a reporting structure around it, we'll have a team, and an operating model around that business. But our intention is to integrate those synergies and bring them to life on behalf of the consumers, so you'll see that coming forward, absolutely.
James Kehoe: Yeah.
A.J. Rice: Okay.
James Kehoe: And just to re-emphasize that, we actually have a CFO already for the segment. We have selected parts of the management already in place, so we're not starting from zero, but we still have some development to do on the organization. But you can be guaranteed, there are -- there will be mechanisms to generate mutually beneficial synergies between all the entities in a very structured way.
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. John, supply chain?
John Standley: Yeah. Our team is working extremely hard with all of our supplier partners to tackle supply-chain issues. So, we are meeting regularly top-to-tops and having discussions to work through some of the challenges that have arisen. But I think we've generally done a very good job. But there are spots in our supply chain where there are some challenges, that we're working through.  We've increased lead times in terms of how we order products, particularly it's coming from overseas. We've been creative I think, in finding ways to tackle some of those issues with our partners. And we continue to push hard here to try and have the best experience we can in stores for our customers.
A.J. Rice: Okay, thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, A.J. Our next question is coming from Charles Rhyee of Cowen. Charles?
Charles Rhyee: Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow up maybe on Lisa's question at the beginning, James, I understand your comments around the strategy in making investments first with a path towards 100% ownership and wanting to keep the agility of those companies to really pursue their -- the strategies. But as it relates to your discussion around entering into value-based arrangements, can you talk about how you think about where Walgreens will be within these types of value-based arrangements going forward? And how do you manage all these partnerships in that sense, at least over the near term before maybe full ownership to keep everyone aligned so that you can progress towards your goals? And then as a follow-up, maybe on the supply chain costs from A.J., I think in the guidance, you only noted about 1 percentage point on labor costs as it relates to those other supply costs. What are your assumptions in terms of impact on earnings? Thanks.
James Kehoe: I'll cover the last one first. The assumption here, we are getting lots of requests from suppliers on price increases. The first part is pushback or tries to mitigate those. And the second, obviously, is going to have to be weird, we got to raise the retail prices like most retailers are doing in the U.S. So, our assumption is that over a 12-month period or an 18-month period, there is no impact on margins, and I think if you look at our results from the fourth quarter, our actual -- the comps are up 6% in front of store and margins are up, I think it's 20 or 30 basis points.  And we finished the year up 60 basis points. Some of that is coming from Mix but there is no dilution right now and we're not anticipating very much coming from the supply. It's a little different in the UK. They have a short-term issue. It's a lot about transportation. There are no drivers. Transport costs have skyrocketed, but you're talking about five or $10 million in these cases, you are not talking about.  $100 million. So, it has absolutely no materiality on the total results of the group. Your first question, I don't know if you want to handle that, Roz, I'll take . I think the best way to think about value-based arrangements is we have WBA Health, which is the ecosystem as the orchestrator. And that end of itself will take a risk over time. We're setting up a consumer-centric, technology-enabled platform, and the examples right now are Clover plus Blue Shield California.  So, the first simplistic step of this is, we have an app that's fully developed, we also have -- we've opened Health Corners in the Clover arrangement. Already we have 40 of it. So, the whole idea is you start out more on basic it on a per patient per month or some fee for service.  And over time, you will evolve their relationship with the payer to more and more we take on risks. So, we started engaging with the consumer and driving better health outcomes and the overall cost of health care goes down. And there will be an evolution to resharing over time. That was the basic premise of what we set out back in January of this year. The strategy has evolved, and I would say it's actually much, much stronger now.  The second part of it is we always had this physical plus digital. We're fundamentally convinced that a digital provider by themselves without physical would ultimately not being successful in engaging consumers. Likewise, physical only will not be successful, right?
Rosalind Brewer: Yeah.
James Kehoe: It's just not going to work. So, we have this physical and digital. And previously, we thought about it was just these Health Corners of -- and we're going to open 3,000 Health Corners. Nobody in the U.S. is doing it at this scale. I want to be really clear on this. It's a long-term goal and it's probably an 8 to 10-year goal, but it's 3,000, that is 1200 in the next 5 years.  These are huge numbers. The second part we said though is, these are called more pharmacists or nurse-practitioner-enabled. The second evolution of the strategy since Roz came in has been, let's get deeper into the carrier delivery. Which means, we don't just have assets with Care Corners, we're taking primary care physician, value-based operators, and we select ed a Company that we believe has got the best and most innovative model.  They accept all types of insurance, they get the scale far quicker than most of the other participants in this market. We estimate they are -- clinics will break even in the third -- beginning of the 3rd year and are fully at scale in 7 years. Very few other companies are doing that. And then finally we said one of the other.  And obviously, these M&A opportunities come along when you're least expecting them sometimes. And the other one CareCentrix. You've got to stare it down. So, this is a play on home care, and it's a play on post-acute.
Charles Rhyee: Right.
James Kehoe: So, we want to line up the series, and I want to just pay attention to my next comment. A series of partners and some of them are just partnerships and some of them will be owned -- we don't believe we have to own all the assets. So, we're going to have -- it will vary from the Health Corners, which we will own 100% to something else which we could own like VillageMD at 63% for something else with which we may have no stake.  And many of the providers, we will have on a local basis. When we're managing risk, we will not have a stake in. And I do want you to think about it for a minute. We are an agnostic provider, we're independent, we don't have an insurance Company directing what we're going to do locally. Our only interest is consumer health, and that's why we believe our approach is unique and differentiated in the market.  And it's not a case about ownership here, it's the ability to work with other people to improve the health of consumers, and the mother ship is the ability to engage with consumers and get them engaged in your health and our premise is different from an insurance Company. Our premise is unless the consumer is engaged, health outcomes are not going to improve. And the reason why we're differentiated is we're very good at the consumer piece.
Rosalind Brewer: That's exactly right. You know, starting from our core, we talked about this as being our strategy forward to start at our core. James said some very important things. And I want to remind everyone. This is about scale. And we believe we have scale.  I think it's very important to remember that we have payer independents and so we have the flexibility to make this model work, and then we have the acceleration, so moving from what we would have maybe in the past, investments that didn't look very strategic, but these are strategic investments for us. And so, we're going to be deliberate, we're going to take advantage of our payer independents, and then I think our ability to scale with acceleration will be the winning ticket for us. And thank you for the question, by the way. Thank you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Charles. Our next question is coming from Jack Sullivan of Jefferies. Jack, I'm going to turn it over to you.
Jack Sullivan: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to focus on the accretion guidance for the healthcare investments that you're making in 2023. Can you just walk us through the moving parts that are underneath that assumption? I think when we look at the aggressive path with VillageMD for expansion to 600 units, and the profitability curve that we've observed in the marketplace, we would think that might be taking on a little bit more losses, 1 to 2 years out. Should we be expecting that to improve along with further growth from the other businesses, or can you just walk me through the ramifications there? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yeah. Okay. I'll take the easy ones first. CareCentrix is broadly neutral in the first year. It's like half a cent, and it will be accretive from the second year. And then on Shields, Shields is immediately accretive. It's a fabulous asset. We've got visibility to, I don't know, in the first year 95% of their revenue. By the third year, we have a visibility rate of 85% of the revenue. So, it's highly certain. And probably the accretion in three years is I don't know.  It's in the teen's area in terms of accretion. And then if you go to VillageMD, you make a very good observation and you're right, it depends on the pace and it depends on the magnitude of the investment. And frankly, we have two scenarios of investment, and that's why we gave a range of -- what was that we gave? I think it was $0.08 to $0.15 or something from VillageMD.  We were -- we're still thinking through what's the pace of investment in the short-term and that will have an impact on the long term. We would expect this to start becoming, I would say EBITDA positive probably in the year of '24 -- '23 - '24, depending on the investment profile we adopt. I think this is something we'll have to give guidance on probably going forward as we build out the segment. Immediately -- you're right.  The business we're buying loses money on an EBITDA basis because they're opening clinics at an aggressive pace. And we've given you the endpoint. So, the endpoint is 1000 clinics in Walgreens in 2027. You can divide that by -- we've opened up what? We would have opened up 80 by the end of this year. So, a 1,000 less 80, will show you how many they have to open each year.  The economics, we've been through all the unit economic models. You're looking at adjusted operating income margins once they are at scale, which is seven years after opening, probably in the high single-digit range. But that includes all the depreciation. And these are -- there's a fair investment upfront. We've been through the model, we're really happy with it, they'll break even after two years then they start scaling up, they migrate more and more patients to risk and away from commercial overtime.  So, we're comfortable with the model. It's -- it all comes down to how many clinics we're going to open each year. And what are we go for? An accelerated plan or the base plan? So, I think the base plan would foresee probably losses for the next three years in an accelerated plan. Actually, we may actually be able to reduce some of those losses in the '23 and '24 period, but I'm being deliberately imprecise because we have a number of options here.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. Thank you, Jack. Our next question. Jack, how are you good? Alright. Perfect. Our next question will come from Eric Coldwell at Baird. Do you want to kick it over to Eric?
Eric Coldwell: Jay am I on or is it still Jack?
Jonathan Spitzer: Just paused with this. We're good now.
Rosalind Brewer: Hi Eric.
Eric Coldwell: Hi. I think I'm up now. So, three questions, three very different categories. First one, you've talked a lot about culture, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction. We've seen a number of initiatives there. These are great qualitative goals and comments, but I'm curious if there are any quantitative metrics or benchmarks that you will be sharing with us over time to understand the benefits of the various investments you're making in culture and customer relationships. The second question around number 7, Beauty Company, as well as just all of your owned brands. If I remember, you have a target of growing to nearly 5 billion in revenue next year, if I got that right. I'm curious about your moves into retail and then, more importantly, retail beyond Walgreens, the Walmart for example. And then beyond that, if you could talk a little bit about the benefit to returns in margin from this mix shift. The third question is around deal activity. You've done IA, Shields, CareCentrix, VillageMD investments of size this year, as well as a number of others. It does beg the question of how much is the foot on the accelerator for additional deals of size? How many holes are left to fill? Or might this be a period where you really spend your efforts integrating those businesses and focusing on what you've already bitten off here in calendar 21? Thanks so much.
Rosalind Brewer: Thanks, Eric for that question. I'll start off with the cultural work that we're doing here in the Company. I talked about how critical it is to align culture with strategy, especially when you're making a transformation of this sort. You want to make sure you have the right team in place and people feel good about the work ahead of us because we've got work to do. And so, you will see us put together KPI s and talk very openly about how we're moving forward in this space because it's going to be as critical as delivering the financial performance of the Company.  So, we already track things like our team member engagement, and we talk about our customer engagement. Those two things are very much intertwined. We know when we do well with our team members and they feel satisfied with the work that they get to do in our stores and in our buildings, then that really transcends to the customers' engagement.  So, we will track those numbers and share those kinds of metrics with you so that you can see they were moving these things in tandem. So, we will do that. In the second piece around owned brands, I'm going to ask James to talk a little bit about that. But we have seen good performance between our business to business relationships with companies like Target and Walmart. I think our global brand's teams have done a fantastic job in that space. We're seeing that these retailers are making space for us, prominent space.  Just recently in the Target stores redesigned, I think our products look very good and show very well. And we'll continue in those relationships. In terms of investments. and are we going to go on a pause or work on integration? We talked about being very strategic with our capital allocation and part of that is, you are exactly right, we've got integration work to do.  So, it may feel a little bit slowing, but it's also going to be a little bit more about targeting. You'll see us target. It will make sense in terms of where it fits on our strategic roadmap, and you'll say, " Okay, that makes sense, " and then the integration would happen. The other thing is that we're going to be developing the muscle for integration.  Because in many of these, these were partial investments and now we're large-stake position and they are going to be part of our path forward so that integration piece is going to be really critical for us. I think you saw the announcement of Anita Allemand joining the Company. She will be our Transformation and Integration Officer for us. So, we are building the muscle in that space, so stay tuned to watch us be just very strategic about what we do next.  And a little bit less of what looks like a side investment and more about where do we need to plot acceleration and then to close out the roadmap on our strategy. So, James, do you want to talk about the margin returns in anything about our B to B work on global brands.
James Kehoe: So just to clarify the numbers. The current revenue of these brands that we own, which is principally Number 7, but also Soap & Glory is about 750 million, and over the next 3 years is expected to go to 1 billion. At a fast clip, the U.S. has -- the U.S. has the growth engine right now. We were in Walgreens, Target, and Ulta, and doing quite well there. And the move into Walmart was a very big move, and they've executed very strongly behind it.  But still a lot of potential in that relationship. And the final thing we've done in the U.S. is DTC, so direct-to-consumer, number seven site. I would say going forward, it will be a shift as well into China, which is we have a number of calling it retail and wholesale investments in China.  But we're also present on a number of the large internet sites in China like TMA. Still small businesses, we're putting our foot in the water to test the receptivity to our brands. And we already have Soap & Glory there and expect to go in with No7 in the next couple of years, that could be a massive opportunity.  And then finally, some markets around the edges like Australia, but they won't be material. This is a U.S. growth business, and it is also China as the big -- China and Asia are the big opportunities. So, I think it's a fabulous business, a billion dollars of owned brands, so it should be attracting a valuation like a consumer products Company.
Eric Coldwell: James, if I could just chip in with the clarification. We were taking notes frantically without the slides at our disposal, so I apologize if I mixed up the numbers. I thought I saw a slide earlier about -- something about in the ballpark of 4.7 billion --
James Kehoe: No, no, that's Walgreens -- that's Walgreens. That's the Walgreens brand in the U.S.
Eric Coldwell: The Walgreens brand in the U.S.?
James Kehoe: Yeah.
Eric Coldwell: Okay.
James Kehoe: It's a different number. The Global Brands business is basically number 7. It's all Beauty Brands number 7, Soap & Glory and other small --
Eric Coldwell: Got it. So, the number 7 billion on top of the 4.7 or?
James Kehoe: Yeah. There are a billion on top. Yeah.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
James Kehoe: 
Rosalind Brewer: Good question. Thank you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Eric. Our next question is coming from Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Ralph, over to you.
Ralph Giacobbe: Great. Thank you very much. I guess I just wanted to clarify some of the margin commentaries specifically within the health business. I think you mentioned a 25% margin. Just want to make sure that's the ultimate goal, and then how long essentially that it takes to get there and how we think about that as you ramp revenue from that 3 billion to essentially 10 billion even in 2025. And then the second question, Ros, I think in your opening commentary, you mentioned or made comments around as you reflected on the business wrong-turns that maybe you think the business may have taken. I was hoping you could just sort of clarifying what those wrong turns in your mind were and maybe how you can fix those or how to address those  Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. So, I'll start this off and then I'll turn the margin question over to James. So, when I took a look at the business in the very beginning, it was interesting to me that the Company had made such great strides in terms of the way of responding to the vaccine administration. And if you even go past that time in our journey, I look at the history of the Company and we've just had a very strong retail position in our stores. We've had a great response to how our pharmacists interact with, with the Company, and with the consumer.  But one of the things that surprised me was a little bit of the confusion between are we a retailer, are we pharmacy dispensing. And so that is what really made me think about it, should we have gone with this strategy maybe a little bit earlier.  And so -- but there's energy here, there's a lot of good guts in this Company in terms of what we can turn towards this new healthcare ecosystem that we've been talking about. And so, while there may have been some slight turns, this team is ready to course correct and get energized behind the core of who we are. And so, I'm excited about it. Those were -- that's history. We're on to a new opportunity.  And the other thing that I would say that maybe many of you-all can't feel because we're doing this virtually, is that this team is really excited about now having clarity of vision and purpose. And then I will focus on 1 point, which is around execution because I think that is an area where sometimes we could have done a better job.  But now this path forward is about how well are we going to execute, how we're going to hold ourselves personally accountable. And they we're going to be accountable to people like yourself, right? We're going to get in front of you, we're going to tell you what we're going to do. We're going to give you the milestones.  We're going to repeat it again and again so that you know we're committed to it. And then you'll go on the journey with us. And so, it's about transparency, clarity, execution, and getting really energized about what our future has to offer. With that, I'm going to turn it over to James to talk about a little bit on the margin piece.
James Kehoe: Yeah, Ros, as you model out the segment, my advice would be to take each of the acquisitions separately, and model out based on the accretion I mentioned before. So, shields have immediately accretive CareCentrix in the second year.  VillageMD, we will probably have losses for -- losses for 2 to 3 years. That's on -- even on an AOI basis. And then it dramatically scales up beyond there. On the original -- the organic development, which is the 3.5 million minimum revenue we're targeting. We already gave you the numbers for '22. We said we'd lose 223,300,170.24. It actually starts hitting break-even in '25.  So, the 170 gets to break even, and then you're on a curve of pretty exponential profit. Because all of these businesses hit a point of the scale. It really depends on how many partners you've signed up with, how many lives are on the platform, how many are using the platform to actively manage their health? And once you hit a tipping point, you start getting very quickly into the 20%, 25% margin range.  And I would emphasize that if we do this well, 25% is the minimum. This is primarily at a tech-type model, which depends on getting sufficient lives on the system. And then once you have the lives, the profit margins are extremely attractive.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Thanks, Ralph.
Jonathan Spitzer: Our next question is coming from Eric Percher of Nephron Research. Eric over to you.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Roz, I wanted to come back to this concept of Walgreens as a neutral party. And when you think about the digital healthcare ecosystem on Walgreens Health is the idea to really focus on the 50% of lives that are at regionals and blues, is that what drives 2 million lives to 10 million lives? And how do you think about the offering for the national payers? And going to John's earlier comments on reimbursement impacting access, and maybe this is question two, you come into a Company and you hear every year we're faced the hundreds of millions of dollars of headwind on reimbursement. How have you pressure-tested that or thought about how to offset it?
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. First of all, you've hit on a very good point that there is a good opportunity here for us in that other 50, right? And when you think about taking advantage of that, which is something we haven't really played forward in our plans, but now we have the ability to do that.  So, there is an opportunity that you've definitely share to highlight that being payer independent, there is a broad, open assessable marketplace for us and so we're looking forward to that. And one of the things I'll mention is that usually when speaking with us, we talk about our retail business, we'll talk about things like traffic in our stores, but we'll come back to you and talk about those number of lives, right? Because we think now we are in a position to do that.  To your second question about walking into a business and seeing what those reimbursements look like and how do we offset them? I think now this new healthcare strategy that we're talking about. we're going to be in the middle of helping to drive better cost throughout this entire system. We hope that we now have a different relationship with our payer partners because we're both in the same game of trying to reduce the cost on an even bigger scale.  We have more of an ability now to play a part in this game and to move towards value-based healthcare. And so, I think that we're going to be viewed in a different way when we interact with our payers, and so eventually we'll see that as this model shifts we can do -- we can have a different relationship there, and maybe begin to offset some of this reimbursement expense that we see right now in the business.
Eric Percher: And John, was that comment on access fundamentally different than you would've made in prior years?
John Standley: It is. I just -- I think we've been in this industry a long time so. And I think we're at a point now where we're continuing to find efficiencies in generic drugs and things like that, but it's getting to be a fairly mature business at this point. And so, I think if there's an expectation that rates can go down for the next five years like they went down from the last five years, that's probably not realistic for a lot of folks in the industry. And so, I think that's kind of just where we are in the cycle of the industry at this time.  So, I think we have a lot of great opportunities in front of us. There's a lot of things we can do. This Walgreens Health is going to be fantastic in terms of opening a lot of doors. VillageMD is going to open a lot of doors as Roz and James said. So, there's always going to be some level of reimbursement pressure in the industry probably, but I do think down the line, it will take its toll in terms of access.
James Kehoe: Yeah. Bear in mind this is the way you could think about this as well, the new segment we're setting up will generate significant and material revenue and profits well into the future. And don't let it be lost on you that the growth rate we see even beyond 2024, 25, as we call those high teens. So, this is not an entity that would be growing 5% and the terminal value of something that's growing at 18% is quite interesting.  So, we see -- we continue to go back to this point that these equity investments, some of them were very attractive. Now, we're unlocking these as part of the total WBA Health. And I think our aim is that the future income coming from WBA Health is far exceeds any reimbursement pressure that's coming on the core business. And I stress, far exceeds.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Eric. All right. Our final question's going to come from Kevin Caliendo of UBS. Kevin, over to you.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thanks for sneaking me in, guys. I appreciate it. I want to understand a little bit about the growth that you're projecting in the base business. First of all, the base business hasn't really grown, and you come off 2022, you're expecting mid-single-digit growth, and you're going to have a vaccine headwind presumably. Are you assuming that the rollouts and the synergies from the health business are going to really be the driver of growth there? Is it more cost-cutting? Incrementally, how do you get to mid-single-digit growth with the vax headwind for business that hasn't grown? And then I guess the second question that I had is getting from 3 billion to 10 billion, how much of that is just the rollout of the VillageMD stores and the organic growth that you expect from the other assets, or is there some incremental M&A built in there? I guess that leads to the final question around ultimately your free cash flow going forward, how should we think about the deployment of that post-2022? How will you be using that? Historically, it's been debt and share buybacks. Is that changing now?
James Kehoe: I think of the last one, which is free to 10 billion, we're not assuming any M&A. This is a development of the organic vehicle plus the three acquisitions we've mentioned. We don't have any go-gets or anything else.  So, this is 10 billion that we have. I would say very good visibility as well. We know the number of clinics that will be opened. We have detailed plans from Shields and CareCentrix that we've vetted 10 times over, so we have a good line of sight to all of this.
Rosalind Brewer: 20 times over.
James Kehoe: And then the last point there is, I would say right now, we're not necessarily finished on M&A, they're the pieces of our puzzle that we'd like to build out a little bit more. The answer is yes, they're probably in the tech area, and it's probably around how could we speed up the organic even more and take a year out of the journey.  That's -- if you ask us, what are we thinking about, its more about less maybe care delivery right now because we've just bought majorities in two assets, and it's more about how do we accelerate tech journey. And we're thinking heavily of our potential targets in this area. I'm trying to remember now what your first question was.
Kevin Caliendo: The base business growing from '22 on  headwinds and 
James Kehoe: Yeah, I think international growth is the one I'd point out first. We're going to see very -- still -- some of this is still benefiting from recovery, but then it's good execution on operational excellence in the U.K and international.  And I think we called out in the next three years, that's going to develop 5 points of the growth is going to come from international. And then the ABC contribution, which is fairly safe. As well, because they just made acquisitions, so they will be growing above their historical pace, right? So, ABC, we called out as 4 points.  And then the base business, if you take out the vaccines, a headwind will be up 3% and that's a lot of blocking and tackling in the U.S. business. I call out two items and they give us a fair amount of confidence; one is the TCM program. We control it. John and I sit on a very small steering committee of 4 people that basically do this stuff. It's compact, we make decisions quickly and we have a series of initiatives that I showed John on one of the charts.  There's a lot more behind that. That's one piece that we control. The other one that I am even more excited about is our new businesses establish we're setting up. So, one is vaccinations have validated a role in testing diagnostics. That's a big business that John spends a lot of time on. We also spend a lot of time on the credit and debit cards we've just launched. Take a look at the credit card.  There is no competitor in the market. This is the first that's oriented to health and wellness. It's true innovation. A lot of work behind it but there is a lot of new business income coming in that's offsetting some of this reimbursement pressure and we have a fair line of sight for these opportunities. I don't know how you feel, John?
John Standley: Yeah. I point out a couple of things too. The first thing is we had a really good year this year. And when you look at top-line results, we did get a nice pick up from the vaccine, but you also have to consider that we had absolutely no cough and cold season last year, which was a killer over the winter.  If you think about this year, we're going to maybe have a little bit of headwind on the vaccine but if we get a little bit of recovery in cough and cold, those things washed out this last year, it'll be interesting to see how this plays out, I think for this year. The second thing is we haven't talked a lot other than my talk earlier about our customer engagement platform, and that we're really excited about and we think that gives us an avenue to growth.  We're really trying to personalize our offers and the way we go-to-market, and we've made some really good progress there. And in fact, coming up here next week, our digital offers will all be customized individually to our customers. I'm really excited about that. So, I think we've got some really good growth opportunities there.  Add on some things we can do in testing and where we're going with the vaccine, both with flu and with COVID, and I think we've got some really good kind of growth opportunities here. In addition to the block, some of the merchandising things we're doing in other opportunities that we're working on.
Rosalind Brewer: Okay.
Kevin Caliendo: Just a quick follow-up for James, if I can. James, did you just preempt the ABC guidance call for next year with your assumption trend, do you see growth?
James Kehoe: No. We actually -- we're not that smart honestly. What we do is, we take your numbers. Actually, we take the average consensus that exists for ABC, and that's where we build in our plant. So, we actually rely on you.
Kevin Caliendo: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Jonathan Spitzer: All right. That's a perfect endnote. Well, with that, thank you for the time today. And before we close over, I'm going to hand it back to Roz for some closing comments. So, Roz, over to you.
Rosalind Brewer: All right. Jay, thank you for everything today. First of all, I hope you take away a few key very salient points here today. We tried to express a real clarity of our vision, clarity of our strategy, and just how excited we are about what's ahead for us. We've actually announced a completely new strategy today. This is a major pivot to U.S. healthcare. When you think about Walgreens Health, I just want to remind you, it's differentiated.  And our independent offering in the local community, both the physical and digital partners we have with patients and their payers. We're looking at an innovative suite of services, and these assets, hopefully, will help us integrate into a whole new category. With our existing position and our trusted health and well-being provider in the communities across the U.S., we really think this is going to be a step-change difference for us.  We're looking forward to keeping you all up to the breast in terms of where we are, how we're moving forward, you'll see as we talk about new talent additions to the Company. But remember, we've got things moving in the right direction on our core U.S. business in our operations there, John and his team are doing a fantastic job. We've got our new growth engine, Walgreens Health. We're looking at our equity investments, turning those into really active parts of our business and our long-term strategy.  And we're in a pretty good strong cash flow position. So, at this point, WBA has never been more vital than it is today. So, we're excited about where we are, we appreciate you joining us in this virtual setting, and we look forward to seeing you guys sometime in person. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. . Please note that todays conference is being recorded. .
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. On the call with me today are Roz Brewer, the Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and John Standley, President of Walgreens is also here for any relevant questions. Before I hand you over to Roz to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements and note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the COVID pandemic. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After this call, the presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I will now hand you over to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Gerald, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our earnings call. Let me start by saying that we're pleased with our third quarter financial performance, which we announced earlier this morning. Our total adjusted earnings per share of $1.51 were above our expectations, driven by the strong execution of our vaccine administration, increased mobility as restrictions were lifted in various geographies, and recent increases in digitally-driven sales in both the Walgreens and Boots businesses. Many categories performed well, including beauty and photo and our investments in marketing technology are driving further revenues by more precisely targeting our customers. 
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz and good morning. In summary, we had an excellent quarter. Total adjusted EPS was $1.51, well ahead of expectations and up 81.4% versus prior year on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS was $1.38,  (ph) above prior year impacted by two key COVID related factors. Firstly, we were lucky in a weak year ago quarter, which was depressed by the severe restrictions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Secondly, we executed strongly in the current quarter and accelerated the pace of COVID vaccinations. Thanks also to the significant investments we have made to provide vaccinations across approximately 8,500 locations.  Cash generation was also strong with year-to-date free cash flow of $3.3 billion, 35.8% higher than prior year. The strong third quarter performance allows us to increase our full year adjusted EPS guidance from mid to high single-digit growth to around 10% growth.  Let's now look in more detail at the results. Third quarter sales advanced 10.4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong double-digit growth in International and 5% growth in the U.S. The result included a 4.6 percentage point benefit from the formation of the German joint venture last November. Adjusted operating income increased 82.4% on a constant currency basis driven by strong gross profit performance in the U.S. and a rebound in International sales and profitability due to less severe COVID-19 restrictions.  Total adjusted EPS was $1.51 in the quarter, a constant currency increase of 81.4%. On a continuing basis, adjusted EPS was $1.38, a constant currency increase of 93.6% driven entirely by strong growth in adjusted operating income in both operating segments. The higher tax rate in the quarter was mostly due to a catch-up adjustment in the prior year period as initial COVID-19 impacts favorably impacted that quarter's tax rate.  Finally, on a continuing basis, GAAP EPS increased by $3.32 to $1.27, reflecting prior year impairment charges of $2 billion and investment gains in the current quarter related to Option Care Health. 
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. So as you heard we have delivered a good financial quarter, and have the prospect of a very solid financial performance for the year as a whole. Therefore, we are raising our guidance for the full year accordingly, as we continue to focus on ensuring the success of our business at today, while at the same time, investing in our future, I look forward to sharing in the fall more of my learnings and our path forward. Currently, I'm examining and challenging all parts of our enterprise strategy, and there will be some key principles guiding our work ahead and leveraging our right to win, including applying a disciplined approach to capital allocation and performance metrics; driving innovation to be built into our core and into our culture; performing as a best-in-class operator at all time; allocating our focus in the right amount by balancing our immediate needs with our mid and long-term growth plans over the next two to three years; maximizing the value of our existing assets, particularly our pharmacy as a centerpiece of what we do moving forward; and leaning into key tailwinds such as the localization and consumerization of healthcare.  Let me close by once again thanking our team members for the resilience, empathy, and care that they have shown for both our customers and for all team members as they administered more than 25 million vaccinations and many other accomplishments around the world.  Our success over the last year shows the power of our unified focus coupled with exceptional capabilities and highly trusted brands that represent the communities we serve. This focus and purpose will be the root of our success for years to come.  Now, I'd like to open the line to questions. Operator? 
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Roz, if you don't mind, I might just -- I know the details on your results of your strategic review are still months away. But I would ask about two parts to your comments. One, it sounds like there's a lot of U.S. focused effort around that strategic review. I wondered if your review of strategy also includes the UK and the international operations, any comments or early comment about your thoughts there? And then the second aspect is I think, well, Walgreens has over the last year done a lot of interesting things, almost a collaborator of choice type of approach with a lot of providers and vendors. Do you see the opportunity to take a few of those relationships, obviously things like the VillageMD relationship and really exploit that? Is that one of the areas of greatest -- not necessarily that specific one, but that type of thing, the greatest opportunity? Or is most of the opportunity you're seeing retooling internal aspects of Walgreens going forward? 
Rosalind Brewer: A.J., thank you for that question. Let me start with your first question about the look that we are  across the entire business. So the evaluations we're doing right now, they are global. They may feel U.S. based because of the size of that business in the total WBA construct, but this is a global look at the business.  The one thing I would say about our business in the UK and other geographies is, we're seeing a slower recovery in some of those areas. So we are looking at a full enterprise look as we evaluate what's next in the company.  The second part of your question is around the collaborations I believe you said and partnerships that we had, and what portion of that will be in balance with just looking at our base business. And I will tell you that it's a bit of both. One thing that I will tell you is that, as I analyze the company and see where they are, this team has done some tremendous work in building partnerships. Those partnerships will be key to us going forward. There's an opportunity to innovate with our partners and really grow some of these collaborations, see that. And then as I mentioned, it's also about making sure that our base business is very strong. So it is both of those A.J., and thank you for that question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: So that was good to hear some of the updates in your prepared remarks around the tech enabled healthcare startup operation that's embedded within Walgreens. I'm curious, if this digital asset is something that Walgreens could still separate and potentially monetize sometime in the next 18 months or so? Or it is lets just say embedded within Walgreens for the foreseeable future and just drive the overall enterprise results? Thanks.
Rosalind Brewer: Steven,  question. And in terms of how we're looking at tech enabled healthcare, when we look at the long-term enterprise vision of a company, that is one of the things that we are looking at is that how do we address what's so important for the customer and what we embed within the company, and what we partner with, and what could be standalone? So that will be part of the work that we do. So we will share more about that in the fall. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. 
Lisa Gill: Just on VillageMD, I just had a couple of questions. One, I wanted to understand the prescription lift youre seeing in co-location? And then, James you made a comment about simplifying the role of the pharmacist. You or Roz, do you have any comments around changing reimbursement? So if you're freeing up the time of the pharmacist, are we actually seeing where you're getting paid for consultation versus just the fulfillment of the script? And do you have any relationship, for example, with VillageMD or anyone else where you're getting paid for those consultation services? 
Rosalind Brewer : Lisa, let me have both James and John respond to that question for you.
John Standley: Hi, Lisa. I'll jump in. This is John. I'll jump in first. So, yes, VillageMD is a great partnership for us in the pharmacy, because we can do a collaborative care model for chronic patients with VillageMD and it kind of breaks down a bunch of the barriers that you might have in that kind of relationship. So I think there's a lot of learnings for us in the VMD experience. And there is definitely a script uplift in the store from the relationship that's going develop over time as we have opportunities to continue to advance the model, as we roll out additional VMDs across the chain here. So I think thats that piece of the question.  As it relates to the various programs that we today to drive adherence and provide other services with pharmacists, a lot of our focus has been around P-for-P programs and Medicare Part D and other opportunities like that to work with a lot of our partners, and that's where a lot of our effort has gone. But I think it's really the future that we're talking about here. And so, the investments that we're making in iA to free up our pharmacists really create I think future avenues for growth of revenues we kind of look down the line. That's how we're thinking about it. And we think there's a lot of opportunity there, as we move forward.
James Kehoe: If I can just add one thing, Lisa. Because youre correct, the micro fulfillment centers will be rolled out over an approximate 24 month, 36 month period. The first two were up and running and we've already released funding for the next nine and that will be completed within the course of '22. And I think it is -- the simple part of this is, how do you free up time so that the pharmacist operate at the top of their profession. And the key question, and I guess that's why you're asking the question is how do you get paid for that? So the simplistic one is pay-for-performance. The stuff that's in development internally, I think well give more visibility on it in the fall. One is testing and diagnostics. We did mention that. It's clear now in the U.S. that pharmacists have played a huge role in the pandemic. And the question is how do we expand the testing and diagnostics role so that we're providing value added services? And then the key to all this is the payers hopefully are now recognizing the critical role that is being played during the pandemic and the fact that less people end up in hospitals reduces overall medical bills in the U.S. system, which means their medical loss ratios are going down.  So this has to become at some stage of win-win for everybody where we are freeing up resources, they're spending time improving health outcomes and we are working closely with the payers to sharing that improved health outcome environment. So that's the simple version. But it's a two to three year journey here in getting these centers up. 
Lisa Gill: Just going back to my initial question around the lift in prescription, when you have a co-location with VillageMD, is there anything that you can give us so we can kind of think about as you roll out incremental relationships and incremental co-locations there? 
John Standley: We're getting towards 46 of these things up and running, so it's a little early for us to guide you on that Lisa. We definitely see a benefit there. But I think it'll continue to develop over time and to give us a little run here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. 
George Hill: I guess Jim, one, and one and a half for you. Could you be a little bit more explicit about the contribution from the COVID vaccines to the U.S. business during the quarter? And then you guys kind of noted in the press release that the improved pharmacy margin was due entirely to product mix from COVID vaccine. Could you talk about what pharmacy margin looks like ex the vaccine? 
James Kehoe: Yes. Just want to take those. As we move forward, it's getting increasingly tough to track whats due to COVID and what's not due to COVID. But obviously, with a result that's up 95% -- EPS up 95% in the quarter. I think you can assume the impact of COVID was in the region of 80% to 85%. So we saw solid growth on the core in conjunction with a nice recovery from COVID.  When I used the word recovery, there's two aspects. One is we had a week last year, and we're recovering from that. And then we had 17 million vaccinations in the quarter. And the vaccination is the key driver of the margin in the quarter. You saw the spectacular gross margin growth in the U.S., up 14%. And it's not a one-shot wonder here. This is actually very much sales driven. We had a great front of store performance. And then secondly, the scripts were at high single-digit. So we were on all the cylinders on that. I would point out that retail margins were up 100 basis points. And again, it's coming from mix. It's coming from more photo. It was up 50%. Beauty was up 15%. And then turning to the vaccination question. We actually had a pretty decent quarter on margins. The base business was basically flattish versus prior year, and vaccinations drove all of the upside on margins. We expect something similar in Q4, but a lesser extent. We've been quite transparent on the amount of vaccinations during the year of 28 million, 7 million in the quarter.  But before you get too excited on the margin build is, we estimate just on a full year basis that we invested in SG&A just for the rollout of vaccinations, $0.5 billion of incremental SG&A. So I think you have to look at the vaccination on a net basis because they -- and you are seeing that we point to 6.5% increase in overheads -- 6.5% in the quarter. We actually estimate that will be higher in the fourth quarter. So we have a fair amount of pressure on overheads. Mostly it's all spending against the vaccination efforts. I hope that covers your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: James, just to follow up on your last few comments there. As I think about the guidance that you gave, I mean, it implies something for Q4 under a $1, comp is about $0.91 from last year when you still had some pretty big COVID headwinds there. So I know you called out vaccination, fewer vaccinations in Q4 on a sequential basis, but how should we be thinking about this if I'm thinking about it on a year-over-year basis? And is this just conservatism? Or is there anything else that we should be considering as we look at your guidance?
James Kehoe: Yes, it's a good question. We spent a fair amount of time on this. So the full year of 10%, I would back into that number is 10% or 11% in the Q4 leads to 11% to 13% kind of range on the Q4 EPS growth. So there's 7 million vaccinations in there. The one comment I would add too is we've called it out in the prepared remarks, we expect SG&A to be up significantly in the fourth quarter, we will have an EPS impact of 7 to 9 percentage points. So in the 11% to 12% kind of range of growth in EPS. It's absorbing 7 to 9 on projects. And then there are a couple of onetime items we're facing. We -- there's a shift on impairment between 2 quarters plus bonus payouts. That's probably another 9 points of growth. So as we dissected this as we work through it, we were looking at a core growth of somewhere in the region of 27 to 30. We're doing heavy in both for future innovation, but also for vaccination and absorbing this 7% to 9%. So fairly comfortable that the core was performing.  If you go back to the original part of -- the original guidance at the beginning of the year, and I do feel it's quite important. Bear in mind, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year of low single-digit, and we're now at 10%. So I think we executed on all cylinders here. When we gave the guidance, we said the first half would decline 17% to 23%, and the actual decline was down 12%, so a good first half. In the second half, and I think people thought it was a crazy aggressive goal, at least internally, we said 30% to 40% growth. If you take our full year of 10%, that comes out at 47% growth in the second half. So we're actually quite happy with the projection.  I think if we go back and compare to what we said in March, there's been a shift of about 3 million to 4 million vaccines from Q4 into Q3. So I would say, in general, Q3 came in stronger than we thought in March; and Q4, it's essentially lighter just because we're shifting  into Q3. And this was very much in line with the more recent request under Biden administration to get people vaccinated as quickly as possible. We put a lot more expense in the system. We've hired more people than we originally anticipated, and we ramped up opening hours in 4,000 stores. So this is why the Q3 is proportionately stronger than Q4, but we're quite happy with the Q4 profile in terms of quality of earnings.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: You gave a lot of really helpful commentary about the pacing of the COVID vaccine. I was just wondering if you could comment about your assumptions for the core script growth in the fourth quarter and sort of any early comments you can talk to from June in terms of how  the reopening script growth going?
James Kehoe: John or I can handle it, but maybe you can.
John Standley: Yes, I can at least talk about the trends a little bit. I think what we saw really kind of started in the third quarter and has continued into June is that some of the underlying headwinds that we were facing in the business have abated a little bit here. So we saw new to therapy improve, which has continued in June. And we had some heavy early headwinds on seasonal and anti-infective prescriptions. But again, as we came through the quarter, those abated have now turned positive in June as well. So we've seen a decent amount of business and a decent amount of momentum in the underlying prescription business as we head into the fourth quarter. And so I think that's really positive. And some of that is also kind of happening in the front end as well.
James Kehoe: Yes. So bear in mind that what we said in Q3 is the -- of the 9.8, 600 basis points are coming from vaccines but that's on 17 million vaccines. So if you fast forward to Q4, you're going to have less than 600 basis points coming from vaccines. So the rate won't be high single-digit. It's probably going to be mid kind of single-digit growth in scripts because it's quite influenced now by vaccinations in the short-term. But as John said, we had a very strong start to -- for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: As we think about fiscal year 2022, and I know this early and you're not guiding, but should we look at the new fiscal year '21, look for the implied 4.71, should we use that as a starting point to 2022? And if so, and understanding there's still COVID uncertainties, but at least all sort of the data points that you have to date, sort of should we think about kind of like it's fair to assume similar EPS growth in 2022 if you're guiding to second half of the year? Or are there any key tailwinds and headwinds that we should factor in?
James Kehoe: Ricky, I'm really sorry, you're not coming through very clearly. Can I ask you maybe just to repeat that?
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. So when we think about the implied fiscal year '21 EPS of I think it's 4.71, should we use this as a starting point for 2022? And if that's the number, how should we think about -- with all the data points that you have now, is it fair for us to think about similar growth in 2022 to -- '21 to '22, similar growth as what you're seeing in the second half of this year? Just trying to understand sort of your...
James Kehoe: I think, first of all, we don't give guidance. So anything I'm saying is just a stream of comments, I guess. So you're right,  and gets you to 4.71. That's the starting base. I think the key thing money market participants will struggle with as they look into next year is what will be the continuation of vaccinations into next year because you've got 28 million vaccinations in your base here. And will there be a booster of vaccinations? When will pediatrics come on? There's as many questions as there are answers. Obviously, everybody has a strong desire in the U.S. to get back to normal.  The other thing is, I think, slight lapping that is we still have some adverse COVID impacts in the base here, and some of those will improve over time. What Roz did say earlier on, we are seeing somewhat of a more gradual recovery than we would have anticipated out of the UK, so we're watching that quite closely. But I think that's the big question for next year. The other one is what's the pace of investments as we modernize and getting back to Roz's comments is we want this company to be more innovative and to drive long-term shareholder value and what's the pace of investments over time. But that's exactly what the team is working through over the coming months, and there will be a comprehensive -- layout the comprehensive strategy later in the fall. So -- but I think it's the COVID number we have to wrestle with going forward, mostly the vaccination number. There's nothing else unusual in the base. I think if you look to the two halves of next year, you're going to have cough, cold, flu, which was a big headwind at the beginning. But Q3, Q4 of next year will be pretty tough because you're lapping 17 million vaccinations in Q3. So I think it's -- I wouldn't get lost in any weeds here. I would just think about what are the big items on vaccination and COVID.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell.
Eric Coldwell: Appreciate it. So you've got a really strong cash flow and balance sheet profile building with the Alliance proceeds as well as the working capital improvements and the strength from COVID as well. I'm just curious if you could give us a little more color on your thought process around capital deployment priorities over the next 12 months, including share repurchase, is that something that you might get back involved with as we look forward? And then if I might ask a follow-up, just there's been a lot of ranker recently about staffing levels across most industries in the country, wage inflation, et cetera. I was hoping you could give us an update on your thoughts around wage inflation, staffing, ability to attract and retain staff? That would be great.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Eric. I'll take the first part of that question, and then I'll ask John to talk about wages. So first of all, with capital, you probably are aware that we spend roughly about $1.4 billion a year on capital expenditures, and we don't see that changing too much in the future. What I will say is that how and where we deploy that and being very disciplined about that. I will tell you that there is energy on my part and this leadership team's part to really accelerate a lot of the work that's already underway in this company. And I will tell you that there's innovation that we will put a lot of focus on. We'll continue to invest. So you'll see capital going in those areas. In the past, you've seen us -- we'll build out stores, but in addition, the work that we're doing in investing in digital. And so that will continue. Just to give you a little bit of insight of what we will do in terms of how we will deploy the capital. But we really say see us staying in line around that $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range on capital expenditures. John, do you want to talk about wages?
John Standley: Sure. I think -- and just more generally, I think about -- I think your question is about the employment market as well. And so yes, it's definitely heating up out there. But it's really -- I think what we've seen has probably been more kind of in regional instances, and we've been able to work through those with the various levers that we have available to us to operate the business. One example is we were able to meet all of our needs to really get through a very busy third quarter with our 17 million vaccinations and really didn't have a problem. So we continue to watch the situation and kind of deal with it on an area-by-area basis as issues arise.
Rosalind Brewer: Ricky, can I add one more part to your question on capital? I also want to mention around the work that we've already invested in. The Rx Renewal is part of our investments that we've had, the work around our store level investments and our partnerships there also to -- I don't want to overlook the work that we're doing around mass personalization, as I mentioned, digital, more specifically in that area. And then the work that we've been speaking about in terms of the micro fulfillment hub and the spoke rollout that we have planned. So you'll see us continue that kind of work around where we apply capital in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee with Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Maybe a question for James or Roz here. I think starting in July, the existing child tax credit is being converted to direct payments and I think it's going to hit something like 39 million households, which will represent a pretty sizable increase in disposal income for those households. Can you talk about how much of your customer base indexes to households that will receive payments? And have you guys thought through what potential impact positively that could be for your front end?
Rosalind Brewer: Charles, actually, I'm going to have John respond to that. He's close to that one.
John Standley: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes. So this is a monthly credit, I guess, it starts here. And we have looked at it a bit. It doesn't look probably material as maybe some of the stimulus money that came out earlier in pandemic in terms of impact on the business. So this one doesn't feel like it's going to be hugely material to us. But obviously, we'll get into it here a little bit and see how it plays.
Charles Rhyee: Is that because from a prescription side, a lot of these houses will be -- have insurance coverage maybe through Medicaid. So a lot of the purchasing is just not as impacted? Or is it that the front-end items that you would expect, this disposable income or the increase would not necessarily go to items in the front end?
John Standley: No, I think it was more just the relative size of it as it kind of filtered into. If we kind of look at how we performed on other type of incentives, stimulus money that was just, I think, in times of relative size, that's all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: I just wanted to follow up on some of your prepared comments you made with respect to the gross profit margins. If I heard you correctly, I think you seem to suggest that ex COVID vaccines, your gross profit margins might have been flat year-over-year. So one, I'm not sure if that's correct if you could confirm that? And then secondly, last quarter on the call, you discussed maybe some favorable generic pricing trends that may be aided the margin. And so I'm just kind of curious, could you maybe just unpack that gross profit margin ex COVID vaccines a little bit more to help us think about the current trends and how we should think about that going forward?
James Kehoe: Yes. It's broadly correct what you said. So if you take out the benefit of favorable mix from vaccinations, for this quarter, the margin was broadly flat. So we had a decent month in terms of generic -- a decent quarter in terms of generic procurement. But the model is a scaled model. The more volume you sell and the more generic procurement you get, the better the margins in the quarter. So it's significantly helped by the fact that the script growth was 9.8%. So it's not a sustainable position in general.  And as we've said in many occasions, we start the year with a significant amount of reimbursement pressure only, which is offset through generic procurement and the rest has to come from volume. So the margin is highly variable with the volume delivered in the specific quarter. And then the watch-out is, I wouldn't take one quarter and extrapolate in the pharmacy business. The timing of accruals and payments is quite volatile and can shift significantly. So my advice to you is always look at the year-to-date as the best proxy for the forward projections. Don't pick a quarter and anchor on that because you're likely to get it wrong because of the volume leverage plus a point in time is not a good way to look at the pharmacy business. So we do expect fairly continued pressure from reimbursement over a fairly long-term horizon. That's not going to change. The business model is not changing because of one quarter.  But that being said, we had a fabulous quarter, it's driven by the role weve played in the community. We did 17 million vaccinations and we invested significant dollars to get that return on gross profit. We're quite happy with the base margins, especially front of store as well as very positive for. And that's a number of quarters now that we've seen favorable margins. So we had a very good quarter all along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher with Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: You've spoken about  in the performance of suburban versus the 4 large urban markets. And I'm interested to hear if there's been a real difference, and this may be a gross margin question as well. But in overall margin performance that you're seeing? And also, what have the patterns been at this point, does the Las Vegas market look different maybe than New York or Chicago and the cities? Any perspective there?
James Kehoe: Yes. It's -- we had a fabulous time with -- in urban markets because as you know, we have a distinct skew both in the UK, actually and in the U.S. So one interesting statistic is that in the previous quarter, and it shows actually the power of the U.S. economy as well. Once people went back on the street and started spending again, transactions prior to -- in the third quarter for urban stores were down 37%. And in Q3, transactions were up 10%. So footfall in the U.S. is very consumer driven, people back -- people are traveling again and cities are filling up again. So we saw a major skew, every one of our four formats. So if you look at rural transactions were up, suburban was up less than urban was up, but the actual biggest transaction gain was in the urban area. And the same play true on sales where urban is still down year-on-year slightly, but we think we will see an ongoing recovery there.
John Standley: Yes, I think that's the big opportunity, I think. So we've -- it's been -- we've seen like 2 of our stores really sort of take-off, I think as things have opened up as James said in suburban and rural. But I think our urban stores present a real upside opportunity.
James Kehoe: Upside opportunity. Yes, particularly as you looked at March, April, May, it was that transactions in March were down 21% in urban. By the time they got into April, they were up 42%. So there's a market difference between March, April, May, and we see that continuation into June as well. So we're very happy with the recovery that we're seeing, particularly in the U.S. However, I would counterbalance that with the UK where there's been a longer lockdown than we anticipated, and they're still not fully out of lockdown and where some lack of clarity as to when people will be encouraged to go back to work.
Gerald Gradwell: Okay. Thank you very much, indeed. That's all we had time for on the call today. As ever, the IR team are here for any that we didn't get a chance to get to. I know we did have some additional questions. And in the event that we don't get to speak to you before the holiday weekend, I hope you will have a fantastic holiday weekend and we are around next week as well. Thank you very much indeed. We will speak to you again next quarter on the next earnings call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-03-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session  Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. 
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our earnings call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. On the call with me today are Roz Brewer, the Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; Alex Gourlay; Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; and our former CEO, Stefano Pessina is also there for any relevant questions this quarter as he transitions fully to the Executive Chairman Role. Before I hand you over to Roz to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements and note in particular, that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the COVID pandemic. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. In addition to our earnings announcement, this morning we have issued an 8-K providing a recast of our historical financial statements to reflect the pending disposition of our Alliance Healthcare business as well as our new reportable operating segments. Please be aware that we may during this presentation and answers to questions make reference to the information contained in that 8-K. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. The earnings announcement, the presentation materials from this call, and the 8-K are all available on the website. After this call, the presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Gerald. I wanted again by saying how glad I am to be joining you today for my first earnings call since starting at Walgreens Boots Alliance. After two and a half weeks on the job, I am optimistic about the future of our company and our ability to drive sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. I expected this opportunity because of the vast potential that lies ahead for WBA and my initial impression to being confirmed even more after spending some early days in the business. During this time I've met incredible leaders, partners and customers and I've been briefed in depth on some of our core initiatives, including our vaccine rollout. I have also gained a greater understanding of our operations by visiting some of our stores and specialty pharmacies. What I've learned already is that we have many incredibly passionate and talented team members who are deeply motivated by our purpose to help people across the world lead healthier and happier lives and I definitely share their passion. It is truly remarkable how WBA is uniquely positioned with our wide global reach and unmatched expertise to be a force for good in the lives of millions of people every day. Of course, nothing demonstrates our impact more than the leadership we have shown during the pandemic by ensuring personal protective equipment is on shelves, by keeping our doors open to continue providing vital medications, by setting up mobile units in neighborhoods without pharmacy access, by launching new pickup and delivery options, by rolling out extensive testing and vaccination programs in record time. We've played a vital role in the health and wellness of our communities like never before. We now have to take some of the lessons that we've learned in the last year and build on them. When faced with the terrible deadly virus it is obvious the team moved quickly, fought more creatively and worked together more closely and with great collaboration. This shared experience allowed the team to appreciate what WBA provides to its customers and patients even more profoundly. And these insights need to continue to propel us forward along with divisive leadership and clear strategic direction. As a team we will be intensely focused on accelerating our growth and filling a culture of agility, establishing new healthcare solutions, and building best-in-class consumer engagement across all of WBA. Outpatients and customers have deep loyalty and trust in our brands and we need to continue to find ways that we can serve and reach them even better.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz, and good morning. On the 6th of January, we announced the sale of the majority of our Alliance Healthcare business to AmerisourceBergen for $6.5 billion. With the announcement, the related assets, liabilities and operating results of the business to be divested have been reported as discontinued operations and are reflected as such in the second quarter of financial results. As a result of the transaction, the company has reorganized its continuing operations into two reporting segments, the United States and the International. The United States segment includes our Walgreens business and our AllianceRx Walgreens Prime joint venture iA will be consolidated within the U.S. segment and our equity earnings in AmerisourceBergen are also included within the segment. The International segment includes all of our operating businesses outside of the U.S. including share of our Boots UK, Republic of Ireland and Opticians, our retail pharmacy operations in Mexico, Chile, and Thailand, our franchising businesses and our wholesale JV in Germany. Please note that corporate overhead costs and costs associated with development of the Healthcare and Technology startup are reported separately outside the two operating segments. Please refer to our 8-K filing for further information.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. Weve had another busy quarter as we continue to execute against our strategic priorities of modernizing our pharmacy business, transforming our retail operations and developing our digital capabilities. In responding to COVID-19, we have accelerated the evolution of our operations across United States, and Walgreens continues to play a key role on the front lines of the pandemic. I would personally like to thank each and every one of our associates who support our patients and customers in an extremely challenging environment.  One thing has become crystal clear during the past year of the pandemic, the importance of the pharmacy providing healthcare in our community, both in federal locations and through our digital platforms is greater than ever and reinforces our belief in the strategic significance of the role of pharmacist on the Walgreens network. Working with federal and state governments we have accelerated our role in the fight against the pandemic. We've rapidly mobilized our operations to play our part in nationwide rollouts of the COVID vaccine program. By the quarter end our teams have administered approximately 4.1 million vaccines to patients in long-term care facilities, at mass vaccination sites, and in Walgreens pharmacies, and importantly, we've partnered with local officials to bring vaccine administration directly into local communities and to the most vulnerable populations. In March, we administered another 4 million vaccines taking the total over 8 million to date. By the time of the last earnings call, we had over 30,000 qualified healthcare associates ready to deploy to the vaccination program. This number is now over 59,000 with capacity to administer vaccines at 8000  locations across 49 states in DC and Puerto Rico. We're also partnering with Uber to address the problem of equal access to vaccines amongst vulnerable communities, ensuring that many more Americans are able to visit a vaccination location. We've also worked to improve accessibility to appointments and scheduling. Earlier this month we introduced COVID vaccination booking on the MyWalgreens app and we're partnering with Nuance to offer voice recognition as initial method of accessing appointments. We have undertaken more than 5 million COVID tests since the pandemic began last year and today we offer testing in 5,000 locations. We're working with partners to expand our testing solutions and we've launched a new business-to-business service called Test & Protect allowing employers to provide testing and vaccination services to their employees. Improving the efficiency of our pharmacies is our top priority, both to manage costs, but more importantly to free up pharmacist time, to provide valuable integrated healthcare services to our customers in the local community. As James mentioned earlier this year, we announced a majority stake in iA, a Company which brings automated pharmacy solutions and enhanced workflow capabilities to the Walgreens network, together with establishing our first local automated pharmacy microfilament center in Phoenix in April. This center prepares maintenance medications for qualifying patients in the area which are then delivered to their local Walgreens pharmacy or to home depending on the patient's preferred routes. We are now building out a second market in Dallas which we will start operating in the summer. As we create a more efficient pharmacy operation, in part due to the iA enabled automated local hub-and-spoke model, we have exciting plans to enable our pharmacists to play a key part in more integrated care models. We are on track to open 40 Village Medical at Walgreens locations by the end of the summer and we now have 14 locations up and running in Houston and Phoenix. As I said many times, by coordinating our pharmacists with primary care doctors, we create a more integrated and engaging patient experience and we believe this will help to lower the cost of care. Our VillageMD relationships go beyond their physical locations by also providing an integration of telehealth offerings. Further, on the digital healthcare front, our Find Care platform continues to grow accelerated by the pandemic. Find Care connects patients to telehealth providers, local healthcare services, benefits enrollment and healthcare educational tools. We are building our user base and increasing the number of providers accessible on the platform. The Find Care app has now reached a wide audience and is gaining traction. Visit traffic online and on the app was just below 70 million in the quarter. While much of this traffic was driven by COVID vaccination and testing enquiries, non-COVID related visits increased by 92% versus the prior quarter. We now have more than 45 providers on the platform, delivering over 65 services in 50 states, treating over a 120 conditions. Turning next to retail transformation. As you know, we launched our new loyalty program my Walgreens last November, providing all members with new loyalty benefits, customized products and services. Membership has grown from 40 million to approximately 56 million to date, which is a 41% increase versus the prior quarter. In the last month, mobile app usage was up 37% versus prior year. And most importantly, that app is resonating with our most valuable customers. Last month, MyWalgreens net promoter score was 41% higher than the score for Balance Rewards, our previous loyalty program. We are continuing to engage with our customers through our mass personalization strategy, which boosted retail sales by 30 basis points in the quarter, building on 100 basis points list in the second quarter of last year. As the pandemic progresses, we are really focused on giving our customers access to retail products, when and where they want them, through a combination of physical stores and digital platforms, with customers having a choice of store, home delivery, curbside or drive-thru pickup. These enhanced retail pickup options are contributing to strong digital growth. Since last November's launch, over 4 million pickup orders have been completed to date, driving an increase of 78% in digitally initiated retail sales in the quarter. We are now one of the most convenient and quickest omnichannel retail options available in the U.S. with pickup orders completed in just 20 minutes on average, from placing the order to having the product in your hand. We've also continued to expand our same day, last mile delivery capabilities by adding Instacart a nationwide partner in addition to the existing partnerships with Postmates and DoorDash. As we continue to redefine our core omnichannel convenience offerings, we are leveraging the data we generate from it, to determine which additional products and services our customers want, and identify new business models and alternative income streams. A great example of this is the development of our financial services offering which will be available later this summer. And yesterday we announced an agreement with InComm Payments, our leading global payments technology company to provide convenient and accessible financial services options for our customers. Together, we will launch a new bank account with a MasterCard, debit card that will serve Walgreens shoppers, both in-store and online and allow them to earn MyWalgreens cash rewards on all purchases. Overall, we are really pleased with the progress we've made on our pharmacy, retail, and digital priorities in the quarter, but I assure you this is just the beginning. Our assets are uniquely positioned in the local community and with our ever growing list of capabilities, we have the opportunity to expand and deepen our relationships with patients and customers. I'll now hand you back to Roz.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Alex. As you've heard, a lot has been accomplished this quarter, and while operationally our performance has been impacted by COVID-19, overall we've had a good financial quarter and as a result, we've raised our full year EPS guidance. However, acknowledging that there is still work to be done to stabilize the base business. And on that note, I want to take this moment to thank Stefano Pessina for everything that he has done to bring WBA to the point where it is today with a foundation for future growth. I'm looking forward to working with this team and the entire board as we capitalize on the incredible opportunities in front of us. Again, you don't have to look any further than our response to the pandemic to understand what this company is truly capable of in the future. As just one example of that, we've already administered 8 million vaccinations in the U.S. in a few short months, many of them to essential workers such as healthcare professionals and teachers, as well as underserved in minority communities and we're poised to deliver millions more vaccinations in the days ahead. Another opportunity that we have is how we apply the funds from the sale of our Alliance Healthcare assets, which will allow us to reinvest in healthcare and further focus on our core businesses. I intend to move swiftly and decisively to lead WBA forward. And in order to do that, I'd begun a detailed review of our long range business plans across the company, as well as how we make investments and allocate capital. I'm taking a close look at where we should reinvest in our business, and how we drive financial returns. As you know, we also have a broad range of valuable equity investment across distribution, healthcare and pharmacy and I'm reviewing each of those to ensure they provide strategic benefit in addition to financial return, having been on board for only two and a half weeks, it's simply too early for me to discuss anything further at this point. But I do look forward to sharing my further perspective once I've had more time to study the company from the inside. I plan to meet with many of our shareholders in due time, and to communicate with you regularly and with transparency. There will be much more to discuss in later calls and meetings, but for now, I am energized to begin planning for the future and I'm very excited about the opportunities ahead. So with that, I will turn it over to the operator and open the call for your questions.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi thanks for taking my call. First, Roz congratulations in the new role and best of luck going forward. I really wanted to focus on the second half guidance. We're all trying to figure out sort of what is the jump off point for fiscal 22. And your vaccine number, the guidance in terms of the number of vaccines would imply a pretty big benefit given the $40 reimbursement rate. Yes, the second half guidance number was a little bit softer than I think where we are and where the street was, we didn't really have that big din. Are there any additional cars in the second half going forward if you can may be give us some explanation, through that or anything else that might be one time-ish in the second half of the year, where did - and then how to think about what the jump off point would be for fiscal '22 as we think about trying to grow and model beyond this fiscal year.
James Kehoe: Yes, hi Kevin, James here. I'm not sure why you believe the second half is softer, because we've given a range today of 4% to 9%, that's mid-to-high and then 4%, that would be 26% growth and the 9% would be 39% growth. So that's the first point. Two is when we originally gave guidance at the start of the year, we said that we expected the second half to grow at 30% to 40%. So actually, we see our current guidance has been solidly within the guidance we gave more than six months ago, despite and I really want this one. And because you asked what's the one time in the second half and overall and you talk about the vaccine opportunity to 30 million compared to our original guidance. And this is six months ago and compared to three months ago COVID is actually negative. So you've probably put in the positive role vaccinations, but cough/cold/flu, and a series of full lockdowns in the U.K. And tight restrictions in the U.S. have all completely offset the vaccine opportunity. So actually, if we look at compared to your original guidance COVID net after the benefit of vaccinations is about $0.13 negative and some of that will continue into the third quarter. So if you look at the dynamics going forward, third quarter, the first one is we're still in a lockdown in the U.K. and retail will reopen. I think it's April 13. All the rest of the U.K. will be back for business some time mid June. So you could effectively say that half of the third quarter is significantly impacted in the UK. Look at the U.S. market itself. Right now cases are up the same level as they were last May 65,000 per, and while theyve come down we're still somewhat concerned that some of the negative impact impacts will continue into Q3. So our view is, we've done exactly what we said we would do in the second half and we're absorbing on a full year basis about $0.13 negative. So I actually would say that the call up, to mid-to-high single digit is actually a stronger call up in the market would have been expected. But the key negative in the second half is just continued negative COVID cough/cold/flu, probably into mid April, and a lockdown in the UK into mid April. Beyond that, we started coming back really strongly, so we're loving, and negative prior year and we have the majority of the vaccination upside falls into the second half. So our most recent results in Q2, we had a $10 million benefit from vaccinations, not rounding. So, hope I have answered your question on this one.
Kevin Caliendo: No, that's been helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning and let me offer my congrats to Roz as well. James, in your comments, this is a question kind of built on the first one a little bit, but you mentioned several factors leading to the increased EPS growth guidance for overall fiscal '21 is some related to the first half of the year, some related to the second half. But really from the overall list of upside drivers, it'd be difficult to rank order everything. But is there any additional color you can provide? Which single factor do you think is driving the greatest amount of EPS upside for the overall company in fiscal '21 versus your original expectations? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes, its a great question. I'd start off with just repeating what I said last on COVID. Year-on-year net of the vaccination opportunity is actually a negative. So where we saw the two single biggest items, I think I would call out, firstly the UK, and I would call it out in terms of the ability to ramp up and defend our position particularly in beauty through our e-commerce assets in the UK. So we've consistently delivered record months and the first this quarter was up 105%, but the last two months of the quarter were up 180% year-on-year. So net, we're winning in beauty in the market in the UK and the competition has fallen off completely. The second thing in the UK is overhead control and the mitigation of COVID impacts. So I'll call out just a number I gave on the call, overheads are down 9% in the quarter in the International segment. Well, that includes the incorporation of the German joint venture. If you take out the call it M&A impact overheads in the segment, we're down 15% year-on-year. That is just dramatic and it's way ahead of what we thought the team could achieve when we started out. So I think there's massively, there's massively over achieved on overheads and then I think it is the e-commerce assets. And finally, Ireland and Opticians businesses are outperforming as well. So it's quite a collection of outperformance in the UK segment if you like. The second one is the U.S. segment. The big standout there are margins in January. We've had a fairly traumatic impact from cough/cold/flu and many of our competitors have spoken about the same. So cough, flu incidences are down by 40%, which is a massive number and that bleeds straight into the seasonal scripts down 400 basis points because of that, and on the front of store 350 basis points. But overall, if you peel away the margin zero on year, the U.S. segment has outperformed our expectations. So in the quarter, margins were down year-on-year in the U.S. by 75 basis points. That's much better than the historical performance. Retail margins were up 60 basis points. And that's been pretty consistent every quarter. And second one is pharmacy margins have come in better than we expected, largely due to savings out of the procurement organization on generics, but also reflecting some accelerating deflation of generics in the market. So we were very happy with margins in general in the U.S. business and that's where we saw the biggest area of outperformance. When you get to vaccinations, the next thing P&L as we look forward quite noting, but as you build your models, vaccinations will probably will be profit accretive, so we should have favorable margin outlook for the rest of the year across the U.S. business as well. So we're feeling good about margins in the U.S. that was outperformance and then the UK segment on e-commerce and overheads, three big factors.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, that's very helpful, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning. Thank you and congratulations, Roz. So I have a question on the vaccine. I know this week there have been some discussions from the Biden Administration. Did they want to push more of the vaccine administration to retail settings? And I don't really think you changed your vaccine assumption in your guidance. So if this was the case, and retail settings got more allocation from the Federal Government, what do you think Walgreens ultimate capacity could be for vaccine administration? And maybe talk about any incremental costs about what happens next? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Ann, this is Alex here. Yes, we were encouraged by the announcements and the reason for it is really clear. We're getting the vaccine in people's arms across all pharmacies faster than other settings and I think we will highlight again, the power of the pharmacy network and the power of the pharmacist, particularly in this pandemic I think is, as many Federal  said in the closing and opening comments. What you have to remember is, it means more pharmacies will be involved, first of all will be an increased number of pharmacies involved, including more of our pharmacies for sure. And secondly, the vaccine is coming a lot faster than original plans as well. So we've given a range, I think in James prepared remarks, we said between 24, between 26 and 34 a million shots and also range. And of course, depending on what we see, really in the weeks ahead, we'll be able to give a better internal guidance in terms of what we're seeing. So that's one of the key reasons for the range we've given, because of that factor. So again, that's where we are. We're ready. We are ready with -- people are ready, our networks are ready, our scheduler is ready and we are busy. We're very proud of the work we're doing here. And we continue also to follow the very important administration guidance of again vaccine in the underserved communities, and the vulnerable communities as well as again, we're doing with over and many other initiatives. So I think we are ready to maximize the opportunity, and really get these shots in people's arms as fast as we possibly can.
James Kehoe: Yes, and then the forecast is predicated on around 13 million vaccinations. And the reason we have given are relatively wide ranges, the availability can swing on the downside, and on the upside and simplistically, we have to form an assumption. But the 30 million, this is higher than what we were thinking three months ago, so it has gone up probably from 25 to 30. But at the same time, the UK has gone into two additional months of lockdown and cough/cold/flu has continued to be worse than we expected. So we're fairly comfortable with the 30 million, but obviously it's entirely dependent on the supply we receive. We're ready to receive it, but all indications are we get there, but there's always some risk and volatility.
Ann Hynes: All right, thank you.
Alex Gourlay: And maybe there's one additional comment, which I think picks up on the first question from Kevin, which is we're not guaranteed $40 yet for every vaccine. Obviously, the Medicare price is being set and we are working with our commercial partners to make sure that we understand what they are going to pay and I'm we're very hopeful that we'll get to that number for every vaccine, but that's not yet been fully confirmed either.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Roz, we realize it's very much too early for you to provide any specifics on numbers. Our question is more philosophical in nature. I'm interested in your position on things like wages for low skilled positions, as many employers are practically moving towards a $15 minimum wage, the country appears headed in that direction. Also, your position on items like tobacco, which Walgreens has been deemphasizing for years, but hasn't fully exited. I guess in general, it's sort of an ESG topic on the importance of those kinds of initiatives to become a more ESG centric company. Thank you very much.
Rosalind Brewer: Eric, thanks for the question. And one of the things that I've been pleasantly surprised about is the work that's happening inside the company on the ESG initiatives. Particularly, let me talk a little bit about wage because there is a pathway here in terms of getting there over a period of time. In those states where it has been federally regulated, we have matched those numbers. We'll continue to do that and then over a period of time we'll apply wages across the U.S. The second question you asked was around tobacco and what's my early read on tobacco? This company is committed to health and wellness and I think everything we've learned from the pandemic that's going to be even more of a priority. We'll continue to look at tobacco, but that's one of those issues that's really too early for me to really opine upon, but we'll continue to look at things like that.
Operator: Next question comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the question and congratulations as well. Roz, maybe a question for you, obviously, you haven't been here that long, but digital seems to be a major focus for you. It seemed like that was a major focus for you at Starbucks. What do you think that can be for Walgreens in the future here and what do you think that might mean in terms of digital focus, as well as what that might result in for maybe a change in the physical store footprint for the company?
Rosalind Brewer: Yes, thanks for that question. I'm excited about the opportunity for the digital platform here at WBA. It was one of the pleasant surprises I received, as I dug into some of the numbers to learn that we had over 100 million loyalty members at this time. And the initial investments from this year that we've made will also enable us to accelerate in that area. I'm excited. It will be one of my priorities. As I look at the second half and going into FY '22. I think there's a lot of opportunity that we can see in this space just to monetize. First of all, increased traffic in our stores as we execute vaccines, and then how do we personalize what we're learning about our customers and new customers that are coming into the store. And then I actually, the 9000 stores that we have really gives us a great and I'm talking in the U.S. area right now, gives us an opportunity to have a very strong omnichannel. Also some of the work that we're doing around first party data set is really encouraging. I mean, I think we all know that if you can target and measure that standpoint, you can see anywhere from 50% to two times better than using third party data. So, there's just some really early signs here that there's more potential in this space and I think as we look forward, mass personalization is a growth opportunity for us, and I'm excited about it.
Charles Rhyee: Thanks, if I could follow-up, anything from Starbucks that you've learned that you think is really applicable here?
Rosalind Brewer: Sure, one of the things that I've learned is that, a digital platform can't standalone. You have to have a human connection as well. And so as I've visited stores, I'm really impressed in terms of what our pharmacists can deliver in terms of creating really deep personal relationships with the customer base. I'm encouraged by the demeanor of our employees in front of store. So I think we've got a great opportunity here, just as Starbucks did to combine a human connection with a digital connection.
Charles Rhyee: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Percher with Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Ive a question for James on capital deployment. So as we progress through the year, we've now moved the sold operations to discontinued ops, but I recall that part of the initial discussion was that you will focus on offsetting dilution with the $6 billion putting some of that to work. So I'd love to hear your perspective on debt reduction or share repurchase and how that may play in as we get to the end of the year and the sale is completed.
James Kehoe: Yes, I think what we've said already is, we are required to use about $2.5 billion of the $6 billion to pay down debt and that's basically to keep the credit metrics where they need to be because we want to retain BBB. What we have said is that we're not going to pursue share buybacks in the short term. So the concentration will be on building out in healthcare opportunities when that could be around pharmacy. And we know the recent examples have been the acceleration of VillageMD. The second one has been in iA and that's kind of interesting because it's in the sweet space of the automation of the pharmacy and driving maintenance scripts in that fulfillment centers over time. And this will free up the pharmacist to work on higher value activities within the stores, and drive better healthcare outcomes and increase our relevance overall in the market. So that's the piece that's not exclusively on the new healthcare. It's also on how do you turn the pharmacy business into the most efficient operator in the U.S., and that's what goes and free up pharmacist's time to work on other outcomes. And then the second part is, how do we build out a difference more in -- and very innovative technology based consumer centric healthcare business? And that's what we will become ambassadors later this year, displaying and showcasing what's developed to date, what is the  of the date and effectively launch the entity and that I think will be very exciting. It's premature to get into much of that, but we did say in the comments that we have a tech platform in deep development right now. We also are forming a team. We're also setting KPIs longer term for the business, and a lot of stuff to get done, but it's very, very exciting. And I think as Roz comes on board and gets comfortable with it we will bring the -- we will launch this more extensively. And so I would expect that all of the remaining $3.5 billion is mostly acquisitions and if we don't come across attractive targets we would consider maybe in a year's time, we would deploy some to share repurchases, dont know yet.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi, good morning and Roz, congratulations. I'm very excited and happy to see yet another female CEO join the healthcare group, so welcome. My question goes back to your comments around sort of the brick-and-mortar strategy and sort of that combination of the human factor with digital. The physical footprint has been top of mind for investors, especially when we think about sort of the new change or how consumers are accessing healthcare post the pandemic. So is any of the thought or is one of the things that you're looking at? Are you also looking at sort of what is the ideal number of brick-and-mortar stores versus digital storefronts or do you think that sort of that 9000 footprint is the right footprint or right base and then build a digital strategy around it?
Rosalind Brewer: So I'm going to turn this question over to Alex, but before that, I will just remind the group that it's a combination of both. And when I look at the 9,100 stores in the U.S., they're in some of the most significant zip codes that they can be in. Right? It's a wide distribution and that I think is attractive. Now, do we have too many or could we create more? This will come together in a broader strategy. But Alex, why don't you take it and talk a little bit about store positions in the U.S.?
Alex Gourlay: Sure. Thanks, Roz and hi Ricky. Yes, I think I said before, at the moment we're comfortable with the number of stores we have in the U.S., and what we're doing is redesigning what we actually do in the communities we serve. I think the pandemic report has really helped to illustrate the point of how important they are, who would have thought that we would be doing testing in now 5,000 locations in Walgreens, who would have thought that the number of vaccinations we're doing across America is so big. And these are just two examples of many other things. There'll be no due with a service inside the company. The FedEx example from a couple of years ago was doing extremely well with pickup and also got financial services coming in quite a different way through MyWalgreens. So we continue to be very confident that we have the all the best corners, we continue to understand how to provide different services, products and services for them. I think, as Roz said so clearly, they are local, they are very human and they service communities in a very specific healthcare way. And our job over the period ahead is to use the data of analytics. And the new IT platforms are putting in place to provide even better solutions and services, particularly in health and wellness and also in terms of ethical positions. So again, more the common space, though we continue to be confident in our footprint across America.
James Kehoe: Yes and just one thing to add, we have a fair amount of flexibility in how we manage the footprint, because as we've said before, we have about 2,900 stores coming off lease in the next five years. So our issue is not necessarily footprint, that sometimes we're overpaying for the locations compared to the value in the market and we will aggressively tackle that as part of the Transformational Cost Management Program. As each lease comes up, we will be entering into negotiations as to whether these are the right locations and the most cost effective ones. But the good news now is, we're coming into a phase for 400 to 500 stores turnover every year on a natural basis giving us an opportunity to resize the cost structure of the store as opposed to change the store itself.
Alex Gourlay: Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you, very helpful.
Operator: Next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Good morning. First, let me echo the welcome aboard for you Roz. And then I'll -- these are sure I'm going to load them up. It's kind of a couple of short questions that are all largely housekeeping. So James on the 26 million to 34 million vaccinations, is that inoculations or injections? I'm trying to figure out is that the one-shot or the two-shot count? And then following that, is there anything we can pull out from March quarter results to increase the confidence in the guidance range or should we really think of it as all just, the ramp up of the vaccine and the increase in the reimbursement rate? Thank you.
James Kehoe: No, it's shot, its 30 million shots. I'm not sure I got the last piece of your question. Maybe could you give it to me again?
George Hill: Sure. I'm sorry. And I was just, is there anything that you saw in the March quarter or in the month of March or kind of what I would call quarter-to-date for fiscal third that causes the company to increase the confidence in the guidance range or is it really just largely the vaccine and the increase in the economics from the vaccine? I'm just wondering if there's anything else going on, you guys could call out?
James Kehoe: No, I don't think March necessarily impacts it. It's still the same factors we said before. We're calling up the full year of guidance on the basis of the Bs in the first half and better visibility in the second half, a lot of it coming from the U.K., but also pharmacy margins and retail margins in the U.S. That's the main reason for the Bs. I think what we're seeing in March is, as we said, cough/cold/flu continues. The U.K is in lockdown. We are seeing them and maybe Alex can add in here, we are seeing some more buoyant foot traffic numbers comes back in the last two weeks. But it's extremely hard to read March because last year it was all over the place, each day was very, very different. So we got to be careful in how we interpret, but nothing we see in March gives us any cause whatsoever for concern on the guidance we're giving today.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, George, I think we're seeing a return to beauty which is as expected, not beyond what we expected. And other category, photographic also doing better as well as people we think about travel. So these are coming back in line to what we had expected, not beyond. It is still encouraging to see that given the impact we had, when the pandemic started early days in 2020 but nothing beyond that, yes.
George Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Roz, I appreciate that you've only been on board for a couple of weeks, but maybe I could ask you a high level question. Putting all the near term transient headwinds and tailwinds aside for a second, longer term investors, they seem to be very focused on the competitive landscape in the pharmacy business, consistent reimbursement pressure that thread off, e-commerce on both the pharmacy side and the front end and sort given you a back perspective and so Id be  and how you view the competitive landscape and how that may evolve over the coming years in the roll of Walgreens within that competitive landscape. Thanks. 
Rosalind Brewer: Yes, thats a very good question, Glen I appreciated and its one of the things that Im sort of talking by know then too as well to understand, what is our best viable position and how do we remain competitive and ahead and Im encourage though by the early investments in this year that the company is made, seeing that we have investments in areas like iA to really work with our pharmacists to get them to have an easier job every day, it's those kinds of investments to give me encouragements secondly the work they were doing with VillageMD, to diversify who we are as not only a retail company or a pharmacy company, but to look at healthcare overall. This is a complex marketplace. I think we're all clear about that, but defining our key differentiator is the work that we have ahead of us. But these early innings that we're in right now, I'm highly encouraged by, and so I think there is a way for WBA to diversify itself. It has great beginnings, good bones to it, really good partnerships and I'm encouraged that will define that position. And really, as James said, we'll come back to you to talk about this tech-enabled platform that the company has been embarking upon. Many of you might know it is Horizon 3. And so we are looking at those things that can differentiate us, and we'll come back to you on that.
Glen Santangelo: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Hi, good morning and Roz, congratulations again. I guess my question is for Alex, so you called out market share losses as a headwind for the quarter. And, I think Roz mentioned, focuses on stabilizing the base business. So what are you guys thinking in terms of strategy near term initiatives to arrest that? And then I guess my follow up is just on pricing, you called out pricing pressure as well and if I recall, last quarter, we were kind of under the impression that pricing was starting to stabilize in the pharmacy side. So has this reemerged this quarter and how should we be thinking about that going forward? Thank you.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, thanks, Brian. On the pharmacy market share first of all, the trend is pretty consistent through the pandemic. What made the 30 basis points a little bit stronger than the previous quarter and previous quarter it was 20 loss really was, we think, a couple of weeks of really bad weather, we have a lot of stores in Texas, I mean all were closed caused for all or part of that last two weeks and we're comfortable with what we're seeing in March. So we think that we are a steady state with retail pharmacy. Med DC was solid as expected. We've lost a bit more in Medicaid. But we knew that was coming as one of our key competitors to be honest that continues to move volume into manage Medicaid. So I think we're and commercial will grow and as we expect, so we're pretty solid there on terms of trends, pricing although more as we get into the Medicare season, which is just about to start for 2022 and of course we don't disclose when the commercial contracts are see more of that as the year progresses. So there's nothing new to speak about in pricing. On the retail side, we're feeling good to be honest. I think James has said this, Roz has said this, we have made good progress with MyWalgreens, which is really the way of giving more value to the front end customer and tying them into the whole Walgreens experience. The NPS score is significantly higher as I said than the old listed program, we just started to be honest to be honest to use first party data as Roz also said. So I think we got, we're really feeling very good about the work we've done in the last period to really create more retention for our front end customers. But, this is our changing marketplace. We've got to win back customers from the grocers, the online marketplace continued to grow independently, so our omnichannel strategy is going to be really important here as well. And but the early innings of that, and we're going to keep on pushing very hard here and accelerate the change. 
Brian Tanquilut: Awesome, thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. That's all we have time for operator today. Thank you all for your questions. For those that we didn't get to, I'm sorry, we will reach out to you after the call. I would just reiterate the point that Roz made in her comments. We have had a lot of requests to speak to her. She's very aware of those, but she does need to take some time to understand the business and get her feet under the desk before she can do that. After that she has assured me she is committed to get out and see as many as she can. So we'll look forward to that and we'll speak to you again in three months time. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, And welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session . Thank you. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded.  I would like to now hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Special Projects and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our earnings call for the first quarter earnings of fiscal year 2021. On the call with me today are Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay; Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements and note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the COVID pandemic. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our investor relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our investor relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After this call, the presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Before I pass you on to Stefano, there is one change in definition we use in today's earnings that I would like to draw your attention to. Moving forward, comparable retail sales are now inclusive of our digitally-initiated sales as we believe this more adequately reflects our global omni-channel retail strategy. The full definition and historical restatements can be found in the appendix tables of this presentation or in our 10-Q to be filed later day. I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Welcome everyone. We are delighted to be announcing a start to the financial year that is better than we had initially expected. As you all are well aware, the retail market has seen many ups and downs over the five months. With the current increasing COVID infections in recent weeks, things have once again proved more challenging. In these difficult conditions, I am pleased to say we have adapted well through the continued dedication of our people and as a result of work and investment that we have undertaken in recent year.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. Our first quarter performance was better than expected as we delivered improved operational performance across a number of fronts. In particular, we exceeded expectations in Boots UK and Boots Opticians. Adjusted EPS was $1.22, a 11.6% lower than prior year on a constant currency basis. The year-on-year decline was entirely due to an adverse COVID-19 impact of $0.26 to $0.30. Overall, our markets encountered a widespread surge in COVID-19 incidences. And as a result, we saw increased restrictions or lockdowns across those markets. We estimate a COVID-19 AOI impact of approximately $290 million to $325 million, and this was worse than the guidance range of $250 million to $300 million we provided earlier. Nevertheless, the impact was much lower than the third and fourth quarters of last year.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. Before I highlight the progress on the strategic priorities and continued transformation, I must express my sincere gratitude to the hundreds of thousands of Walgreens associates across the country. They continue to provide essential pharmacy services and health and wellbeing products to their local communities during what has been an extraordinary difficult time facing challenges we've never experienced before while putting the safety of our patients and customers first. Walgreens continues to provide clarity during uncertain times and this quarter results show the strength of the Walgreens brand, people and organization. Today, I'll update you on some of the significant progress we've made in modernizing our pharmacy to create a more customer focused and healthcare driven offering while transforming our retail business, all powered by our investment in digital capabilities. I'll begin with pharmacy. We're accelerating our investments to more than either pharmacy operating model and we start to unlock the benefits. We are improving our processes and were increasing automation to free-up our pharmacist time, allowing them to provide more value-added healthcare services to our patients and customers. This model will also reduce working capital while freeing up cash to further accelerate our transformation of Walgreens. We have grown our pharmacy services rapidly since we last spoke to you, further validating the future role that pharmacists can play. We've administered more than $2.8 million diagnostic COVID tests since testing began, and we're well on our way to be able to offer COVID testing in over 3,000 of our stores by the end of this month. We're also very excited to be part of the COVID recovery and healing process as part of Operation Warp Speed. On December 18th, we began administering vaccines to high-risk elderly individuals in long-term care facilities and medical care providers, and we have plans in place to provide vaccines in over 35,000 long term care facilities in 49 states as part of Phase Ia of the national COVID response. We are also well into the planning of Phase Ib which is anticipated in most states to cover the over 75s essential workers and people with certain chronic health conditions. Today, we have over 30,000 qualified healthcare associates ready to deploy to the mass COVID vaccination program, and we're in the process of growing that number to over 45,000 in the next three months. We have the storage and infrastructure in place to facilitate our role in the mass COVID vaccine program. We have the capacity and are ready to vaccinate tens of millions of Americans. Our fine care platform, which connects patients to telehealth providers has grown exponentially, driven in part by the pandemic. In the quarter, traffic to the site increased the 13 times versus last year to over 18.9 million visits. We also continue to develop our physical healthcare locations alongside our digital offering to provide a broader range of healthcare services to our patients and customers. In December, we announced plans for 14 new Village Medical at Walgreens clinics to open by the end of the summer in Texas, Arizona and Florida. And we have just announced that we are now accelerating our applies with VillageMD to open at least 600 Village Medical at Walgreens clinics in more than 30 markets. As you can see, there's a huge amount going on in our pharmacies. And as Stefano mentioned in his opening comments, you will hear a lot more about this in the coming months. Turning next to our retail transformation. As you know, we are executing an extensive program of modernization across the company, driven by a holistic omnichannel and customer experience strategy. We are unlocking the 100 million Walgreens loyalty members data through implementing new data tools and analytical capabilities via Microsoft and Adobe. We accelerated this process further during the quarter. We're harnessing our data to develop a new way of marketing through our mass personalization strategy, which already boosted retail sales by 155 basis points in the quarter. And we are rolling out My Walgreens, our new loyalty program, redefining convenience and customer engagement. We launched My Walgreens in November. This is the most visible customer facing part of the strategy to date. It offers new loyalty benefits, a refreshed health and wellness focused brand with personalized products and services for all members. Approximately 40 million customers have already joined the program to date, and we're actively driving membership further in 2021. Over time, we anticipate that My Walgreens will become a vehicle for very targeted and personalized promotions and will play a key role in updating our customer proposition. On the theme of convenience, we have acted swiftly throughout the pandemic to give our customers access to Walgreens products online. Orders placed through walgreens.com or via the app can now be picked up in store, at curbside or drive-thru, in as little as 30 minutes. We believe this makes Walgreens the fastest same day retail pickup on a national basis. Over 1.7 million retail pickup orders were completed since launch in November. Total retail digitally initiated sales were up over 40% as a result of all the progress we are making and we believe this will only continue to grow. In summary, despite the tremendous challenges created by the pandemic, our team has worked tirelessly to adapt to the new market realities and ensure our patients and customers have access to healthcare, retail products and services where and when they need them. I'll now hand you back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex and James. As you have heard, it has been a very busy time for the company. We have achieved a great deal already in the year and the pace of work is not slowing. What we are doing is completely transforming our company to bring us greater focus and to concentrate our investment of time and resources where we can achieve most. We are doing this without losing any of the financial benefits we have delivered over the years, in terms of efficiencies or synergies. In a time when there has been much uncertainty and noise, we have pursued a consistent and delivery plan to modernize our company, our businesses and our customer offering. What you are seeing from us now as seen in recent months and will see much more of in the coming months is the output of a lot of our work within the company. But it was just the beginning in terms of our plans, in both the application of technology in our business and the delivery of health service through our network. I know there is an understandable interest in who I will be handing over the role of CEO to, when and what direction that person will take the company. Despite the added complexity that restrictions in travel and communication have created in the recent months, the Board have been very active in their search for the right candidate for this role. And I am hopeful we will have news to share with you about my successor soon. It has been a huge privilege to lead such great businesses and work with such a dedicated and talented team of people across many countries and companies. Of course, I very much look forward to working with the new CEO to ensure a smooth and effective handover and deliver long term growth and the profitable future for the company. I am pleased to be in a position to handover the reigns as the company is facing so many opportunities and there's such positive momentum. The progress we have reported today and the work we have done to modernize the company and build an infrastructure that is both flexible and robust reassures with me. I will be ending the role over at the time when my successor will have all the tools they need, as well as my full support and assistance to drive the business to deliver continued, reliable and consistent growth looking forward. Thank you. We will now take your questions.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi, good morning and Happy New Year. My question is focusing on the divestiture of the wholesale segment, and it's a three-part question. So one, is there any strategic rationale of keeping some of the market to Germany, Italy and China? And then as we think about the new portfolio, you have the relationship with VillageMD and with LabCorp, are there any other healthcare areas that you are looking to invest in? And how important do you think is an anchor payer relationship as you think about the strategy?
Stefano Pessina: Well, Stefano here. Good morning and Happy New Year. I have to say that the strategic rationale, as you know, we have had a very long relationship with AmerisourceBergen. I have met three of the Chief Executive, probably people you don't remember, like McNamara or David Yost or now, of course, Steve Collis, and we have always discussed doing something together. In reality, the first tangible signal that we were able to achieve was during our merger, the merger of Alliance Boots with Walgreens, an agreement that was allowing Walgreens to take a stake in ABC and was granting ABC a long-term contract, 10-year contract for Walgreens. This has been really a physical and important relationship, which has gone through very well, and our relationship which were already very good have become better and better. And in these years, we have spoken many time of putting together our wholesaling business and  in the market. You have heard here and there something, and we have analyzed all the possible combination, us buying them, them buying us, merging. And now we have come to a point, where we have, due  even due to the acceleration of COVID, we have really decided that this was the right time to concentrate on our core business of the pharmacies and to sell our wholesaling business to them. And as the wholesaling business is a very good business, our wholesaling business, of course, it has commanded a good price. And so I believe that now both of us have done a good deal. We have the money to repay some debt at above all to invest in our core business, particularly in U.S., but also in UK, as they have the possibility to get a global business. This is - the second question is VillageMD, if we have other targets? Yes, we have other targets. Of course, we cannot talk too much about it. But one of the reason why we are happy now to have additional cash is because we have a target. And, of course, we will invest in our own business, as Alex was saying before and maybe we'll reiterate after, but also we have a target to buy. You had the third question, which one sorry? Germany. Germany, it's an obvious question. Germany, we have a joint venture with McKesson. And so what we have done this deal without talking to our people, of course. But the real reason is that Germany, the merger that we have done with McKesson in Germany will deliver a lot and lot of synergies. We are talking of many, many, tens of million of synergies, we believe. And so the business will have a different value in three or four years when we will have been able to deliver all these synergies. And so, of course, we have to keep develop the synergies and after we will see what to do.
Alex Gourlay: And Ricky, its Alex here. On the anchor point, we're still a very open ecosystem, working closely with all of our commercial partners, payers and, of course, PBMs, and that's still our strategy at this point in time.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the question. I guess maybe just on the VillageMD strategy. Clearly, this seems like the strategy to kind of transform the company more towards healthcare. I know you talked about taking some of these proceeds and now targeting 600 to 700 over four years, I believe the old target was 500 to 700 over three years. I know there's probably a lot of differences in cadence there. Can you maybe just talk about the timeline of the roll out? And I guess more importantly, how quickly can you get to enough stores where you think it really could start to matter to the economics of the business? Obviously, you have a large store base beyond just hundreds of clinics. And so just really curious kind of what pace we should be thinking about and how this could really impact the overall financials of the company? And anything just on a store-by-store basis to help us think about a Walgreens with a VillageMD and what that could look like versus a Walgreens without a VillageMD? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes, Ill take a shot. Its James here first. I just want to put some perspective on around the deployment of funds. I think, yes, they will principally be focused on healthcare. And VillageMD is just the first example and we expect a number of moves over the coming weeks and months. And we won't be measuring this in years, we'll be measuring it in months. VillageMD, if you take it as a specific is, it's got two dimensions to it. It's not just the contribution to the business, where it is -- helps us to become relevant in as a location in reducing healthcare costs over time. That's got one financial return and it's got an overall benefit of improving the ability of Walgreens to influence healthcare longer-term. The other one is don't forget it's a financial investment as well, and we are actually strongly encouraged by what we're seeing in the stores. We're hitting NPS scores of 90%. And as we stared at the performance, we decided this was the time to accelerate the investment. We believe VillageMD, as just even as a financial investment of 30%, is extremely attractive and it's getting more attractive by the day. So we're inclined to view this two ways: one is the financial investment and two is integral to the core premise, which is improving the cost of healthcare.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Hi, Robert. And just one building up point is the cadence. We announced 40, the rest of this year. So we're increasing the cadence as we get going here. And so therefore, it's the length of time we're doing this over has stayed the same. So we'll clear up that point, it's going to be 600 in the same length of time as the 500. And beyond that, also remember, we're integrating digitally as well, particularly around the pharmacy business and the way that all the pharmacies works with the doctors. And extending the scope of practice of pharmacy is now a real possibility in many states, and we believe this model will be advantaged in that situation as well. And the last thing I would say is that remember that VillageMD also managed many risk-based contracts, almost 20%, I think, will be a bigger business. And therefore, you can imagine working with them closely on risk-based contracts as another opportunity in the future.
Stefano Pessina: Don't forget also that the VillageMD has also clinics outside our pharmacies, the clinics are there or the clinic they buy because they are quite an aggressive buyer. And of course, this is another synergy for us because they are trying to organize -- coordinate these clinics that they have with our pharmacies. Even if they are not physical in our pharmacies, there is a coordination. And part of the money that they have will be used for sure to buy additional clinics. Over time, we will try to really relocate as many as possible of these clinics into our pharmacy. But even if they are not in our pharmacies, they are coordinated with our pharmacies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Good morning guys and congratulations on the deal that was announced yesterday. I have a question on the core business. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more details on how you see the cadence of gross margin progressing as we go across the year, maybe particularly in the US business but then for WBA as a whole? Thanks.
James Kehoe: First of all, we were actually pleasantly surprised in the first quarter in the US. Margins were pretty robust on the pharmacy business, and I would say, slightly better than we would have anticipated. And as usual, some of that is always timing but we had a pretty good start to the year, it's promising. And correctly so, you highlight that there will be a first half, second half to mention here. So you could look at the first quarter and second quarter as being the low points of the year in terms of margin and the second half, the margin is rising. But the strength in Q1 and you've obviously seen, is broad based. And I do want to -- I'll take this opportunity to highlight that. We had overperformance in all of the divisions, at a moment when actually the COVID impacts across the business are higher than we anticipated. And at the same time, we slightly increased the pace of the investments we're making, particularly in the US business. So we're actually -- I would say in the US, retail was slightly weaker but the retail margins were better than we expected. And then on pharmacy, the scripts were weaker because of COVID but the margins were better. So I would say, in general, we were pleasantly surprised by the upside, particularly in the US in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Thanks for the comments on the vaccine. I might pursue that a little more. I think you're saying that, the vaccine outlook is part of the reason why you're maintaining the low single digit outlook, in spite of the lockdowns. Do you have updated thoughts on the economics of the vaccine to you? Also maybe thinking about it in terms of right now, you're mainly helping in the long term care facilities but obviously, at some point, I assume there will be some administration in the retail? Do you have any sense of timing on that and how the economics of that versus what you're doing in the long term care facilities?
James Kehoe: I'll take a shot at that. And you're right, your first comment was dead on. And I mentioned we've seen COVID impacts in Q1 about $15 million more negative than we expected. And we expect to see the same in Q2. And we're actually -- we can't predict this but we expect COVID core impacts, mostly coming through a tough cough/cold/flu to be about $200 million negative. And we do expect that to be offset by vaccinations and other opportunities. So the base business is also doing better. Just on the economics, clearly, that's commercially sensitive but we don't want to provide it. But I'll give you one insight. So in the second quarter, when you would expect the contribution from vaccinations, and we have a contribution, we have no profit upside coming from vaccinations. So the administration of vaccinations to care homes is not a particularly profitable business. It's extremely labor-intensive and the costs are incremental. But that's part and parcel of what we have to deliver as probably a member of the healthcare community. That being said, the vaccines will be accretive to the profile in the second half of the year. And that's why we're relatively -- we did change the tone of our guidance, if you like. We confirm low single digit. But please don't lose the sentiment of the last part of that phrase was, and the profile is tilted to opportunity. So we don't have brilliant visibility to the availability of stock on vaccination. So there's a large amount of uncertainty. However, with the pieces of the puzzle we know, we believe we have opportunity in the second part of the year. So maybe, Alex, if you want?
Alex Gourlay: I think, as James had said, we've really invested upfront here appropriately, in my view, to make sure that we are ready to get these vaccinations out as fast as we possibly can. And you saw our press release yesterday morning, we said that we've got all our long term care facilities now actually ready to be administered with the first stores by January 25th, I think it is. So we feel that we are -- we don't feel we know we're on track with what we committed to do. And we're also on track with resourcing up the pharmacists and the farm technicians and retraining a number of farm submissions to be able to administer those. And our teams are really motivated to get this done. So we're really in really solid shape to administer the vaccines in a more complicated long term care facilities. Let me go back to being able to administer these vaccines inside of our facilities, which happens in Ib, and that really starts about now. We are very confident that we'll be able to speed and be able to keep up with demand and therefore move forward. The whole program, I believe, will accelerate as we go through the spring. That's all that we're hearing from the new administration, in particular. And we're in close contact with both Operation Warp Speed and incoming by the administration to make sure that we are ready to do our job for America and also to make sure that we do it in the most efficient way for our shareholders as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America.
Michael Cherny: I think following up, James, on that last line of commentary regarding the way you view opportunity. I'm hearing clearly the potential if the vaccination process accelerates at a faster clip than expected. But how else do you think about the puts and takes of the drivers of opportunity? And especially how do you balance them against the trade-off you're making in the growth investments versus the potential for any cost ramp down or cost adjustments tied to the current spend you have around COVID that's impacting the overall profitability?
James Kehoe: I think if you look at the full year and just simplistically say you've got two big positives. One is vaccinations and the second one is we had a really strong start to the year, and it was largely driven by operational execution, really strong in the UK, Ireland opticians and a positive start, especially to the pharmacy business in the US. And actually wholesale came in above plan as well. So we actually have everybody on all the cylinders. The big negative and the big question mark and it's the reason why we basically maintain guidance is we actually have a lockdown in the UK right now that runs through the middle of February. Now we think we're much better at managing through a lockdown now, which is good but still, it is a cloud in the future. And then secondly, you see the large number of incidences in the US, that does pretty quickly drive through to lower medical visits. So in December month, the medical visits were worse than they were, on average, in the first quarter. So we're just being cautious in saying, hey, the opportunity on vaccination will offset the negative on COVID. The really strong start to the year and we are actually already reinvesting some of that. So we're taking -- when you think about the whole deal that was announced yesterday, it's a catalyst for accelerating change if you think about it. So we've accelerated some of the omnichannel investments in the US You've seen My Walgreens go out there. You've seen us get the curbside up in 9,000 stores. We're driving at a pace that is quite fast. I think over the next six months, you'll see increasing investments in healthcare, with probably a skew to tack-on acquisitions focused on generating synergy with the pharmacy business and with a very technological bend to it. So there's going to be a lot of news on the way. So I think you have to balance vaccinations versus COVID adverse impacts and then simplistically, a very strong start to the year, which gives us additional confidence to increase investments in the coming months. And it's as simple as that. It's not any more complicated than that, and that's the way we're thinking about it. Well, we did add into the overall guidance that's skewed to opportunity and I don't want that to be lost to the community on the phone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research.
Eric Percher: Building on that commentary, can we speak to the EU pharmacy and specifically the return to profitability was encouraging, it sounds like much of this is cost mitigation or cost management, but clearly some NHS timing and benefit? How should we think about the continued contribution from NHS? And I think that really comes down to what we've seen this quarter sustainable moving through the year?
James Kehoe: The overall impact of the NHS funding, I think, was -- like it's in the region of $15 million. It's not a huge number but it did give favorable margin contribution in the quarter. And that's a little bit -- there's always a timing issue on when this stuff gets recognized in the P&L. So it added about $15 million of positivity. I think the biggest trend in the UK, I think if you look at the overall segment, I'll give you two numbers. The gross profit was down 11% because footfall is still very weak in a lot of markets but our e-commerce business, in general, across in international, is on fire. So the UK was up 106% and we make nice margins on our e-commerce business in the UK and in Ireland. So we're getting this -- and the second positive dimension is overheads in the first quarter were down 12%. So you think about it this way, a high fixed cost structure when COVID hit us at the end of last year, has a significant impact on the segment's profitability. But as we start to recover from COVID, the significant and quite decisive cost reductions taken will dramatically improve the leverage going forward. So there will be a fairly -- I think Q2 is a wait and see kind of moment in the UK. There will be quite a lot of lockdowns. And then when you get to the second half, there will be significant growth in the second half. But I think we mentioned this before, we see the recovery in the UK over an 18 to 24 month period. And you could almost draw a straight line between the pre-COVID profitability and two years from now, and estimate what the segment will look like at the end of this year
Stefano Pessina: And we are adding a lot of capabilities to deliver online. Also investing to create, not a new warehouse, but to increase dramatically the size of the warehouse that we have dedicated to this. And so overall, we will be able to follow the trend of the online. And we see that the reduction that we have had, overall in sales in this lockdown compared to the lockdown that we had a few months ago, now we are much better. Of course, we are suffering but much less because the ability that we have to deliver online is definitely higher. And we have also found a way, as James was saying, to have a decent margin on these sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Actually, it's two quick questions and they're basically housekeeping questions. Number one is, could you quantify what US script growth would have been ex-flu vaccines? And number two is, can you remind us of the split of pharmacy revenue versus non-pharmacy revenue in the Boots business? If I remember right, it tended to skew closer to 50-50 as opposed to the 75-25 split in the US? Thank you.
Alex Gourlay: So I can -- from memory, particularly, I can take the second one. It's about two thirds front end, one third pharmacy in the Boots business. And in terms of the first question, obviously, it's been a really strong flu season, around over 40% increase in flu. But it really is still the core business that drives the scripts. So the numbers that James gave in his prepared comments, our underlying comp growth of 2.7%, is primarily driven by the core business.
James Kehoe: And bear in mind that the 2.7% is after what we estimate a negative COVID impact of 210 basis points. So I'd almost asked the question in a different way, if you didn't have COVID, what would your script growth have been? And it would have been in the 4.5% to 5% range. And the vaccinations were stronger in Q1 but it didn't have a material impact on the result.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to presenters.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. I'm aware that not everyone who wants to do got to ask a question. As ever, we are out of time. But if anybody didn't get to ask questions, the IR team are here still. So please come through to us by e-mail or phone and we'll be happy to answer you. Thank you very much indeed. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Special Projects and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today are Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will as usual take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements and note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the coronavirus COVID pandemic. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. Youll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to say that the fourth quarter earnings that we have announced today are at the upper end of the guidance we provided for the quarter. In common with many other businesses, COVID had a material impact on the year, most notably in the second half, and as a consequence, this pulled down our results for the year as a whole. This has been a very difficult time, but as you would expect, we are proving to be very resilient. We are financially robust with strong and reliable cash flow, driven in part by our brand and customer loyalty. And this has allowed us to continue to invest in modernizing our company. We are confident we will come out of this in better shape as an organization. There is nothing that should surprise you in what we have reported today. James and Alex will take you through the quarter in detail in a moment and provide our initial thoughts on what you should expect for the year ahead. Clearly, there are still many uncertainties around COVID in terms of the development of the pandemic and how governments worldwide will continue to respond. However, in the last quarter, we have seen signs of improvement in customer trends and as a result the decline of our business has notably slowed. In addition, there is clear evidence that as and when the restrictions lift, customers do come back to us, both physical in store and through omnichannel. And while some elements of our business maybe changed forever, our positioning with the communities we serve remains strong. As we look at our business going forward, we see opportunities as well as risks, and we are making every effort to ensure we are well placed to maximize the opportunities. It is clear, however, that pharmacy will continue to play an ever greater role in local community health and management, through testing, and potentially through vaccination. For some times, we have talked of our work to accelerate the digitalization of our company. Initially, much of this work was going on behind the scenes, moving it to a more cloud-based data structure and putting in place the systems and structures to use this data more effectively. As you will hear from Alex in a moment, the benefits of this work are now becoming more evident with notable improvements to our customer experience at a time when demand for our omnichannel solutions has never been greater. Throughout this crisis, the vital role that pharmacy plays for the customers we serve has been comprehensively proven. It is a great tribute to our teams that we have continued to service our pharmacy patients without major disruptions to drug availability, or to our high standards of care. Looking forward to 2021 and beyond, we have initiatives underway to further strengthen the bond we have with our customers, whether they choose to interact with us physically, obviously, driving volumes in both pharmacy and retail. There is no doubt that all markets and many businesses will continue to face the negative impacts of COVID in fiscal year 2021, and it is expected that the next two quarters that we'll see difficult trading conditions. However, we are optimistic that we will see a market recovery as the year progresses. In our own businesses, we expect to see a significant improvement in our performance in the second half of the year. The work we are doing to address the challenges, give us confidence that we will come out of the year strongly, and consistently deliver long-term sustainable growth. I will hand you over to James now to go through the results we have announced today in detail.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. Full year adjusted EPS was $4.74, a decrease of 20.6% in constant currency, mostly due to an estimated COVID impact of approximately $1.06. This result was at the upper end of our guidance range we provided at our third quarter earnings call. Adjusted EPS was $1.02 in the fourth quarter, compared to $1.43 in the prior year, a decline of 27.9% on a constant currency basis. The estimated COVID impact was approximately $0.46. Our Transformational Cost Management Program remains on track to deliver at least $2 billion of annual cost savings by 2022 and cash generation was strong. Operating cash flow was $5.5 billion, with free cash flow growing 5.6% to $4.1 billion. Looking ahead, we are introducing guidance for fiscal year 2021 of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS at constant currencies, while we expect the first half to be impacted by continued COVID pressures; we expect strong growth in the second half of the year. Now, let's look in more detail at the full year results. Full year sales increased 2% versus prior year. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 2.5% with solid growth in retail pharmacy U.S.A. and pharmaceutical wholesaler, only partly offset by a decline in sales in retail pharmacy international. Overall, COVID-19 reduced sales growth by approximately 100 basis points, with over 80% of the impact in the Retail Pharmacy International segment. Adjusted operating income declined 24.8% on a constant currency basis, mainly due to the adverse impact of COVID-19, which accounted for over 70% of the year-on-year decline. Adjusted EPS was $4.74, down 20.6% on a constant currency basis, around 18 percentage points of the decline was related to COVID-19 impact that predominantly impacted the second half of the year. GAAP EPS declined 88% including the third quarter impairment charge of $2 billion relating to these. Turning next to the fourth quarter performance. Sales were up 2.3% on a reported and constant currency basis, mainly driven by Retail Pharmacy U.S.A. and Pharmaceutical Wholesale and only partly offset by Retail Pharmacy International. Adjusted operating income declined 27.4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting an estimated $520 million adverse impact due to COVID-19. Over 60% of the impact was in international markets. Adjusted EPS was $1.02 the constant current decline of 27.9% while COVID impact of $0.46 was significant, it was an improvement compared to the $0.63 impact in the third quarter. Let's now look at the performance of our division, and I will focus primarily on our fourth quarter performance. Let's start with Retail Pharmacy U.S.A. Sales increased 3.6% in the fourth quarter including the impact of store closes. Total comp sales grew 3.6% with pharmacy growing 3.2% and retail 4.7%. Adjusted gross profit declined 4.5% and adjusted gross margin declined 170 basis points. A sequential improvement of 85 basis points compared to the third quarter. We estimate that the results include COVID-19 related margin impacts of approximately 50 basis points, mostly due to continued adverse product mix and higher supply chain costs. The remaining margin variation was due to ongoing pharmacy reimbursement pressure and the impact of specialty mix of around 60 basis points. Adjusted SG&A spend declined 0.1% in the quarter, and SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 60 basis points year-on-year. Savings from the Transformational Cost Management Program offset inflation and volume impacts, higher investments, year-on-year bonus changes and COVID-related costs of $53 million. Adjusted operating income declined 22.2%, including an estimated adverse COVID impact of approximately $200 million or 17.5%. Now, let's look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.2% in the quarter, reflecting script growth, brand inflation, and central specialty growth of 12.5%. Comp pharmacy sales increased 3.2%. Comp prescriptions grew 3.6% in the quarter, slightly better than the growth rate we predicted on the third quarter earnings call. While the comp growth has recovered nicely from the third quarter, it is still below the pre-COVID growth rate of 4.9%. As expected, the prescription market, as a whole, is down versus pre-COVID levels. However, new to therapy scripts improved compared to the third quarter. We have now tested over a million people for COVID across 444 sites with an average turnaround time of 24 to 72 hours. Turning next to our U.S. retail business, which delivered sequential improvement in both sales growth and gross margin. Retail sales increased 1.5% in the quarter, including negative impacts from our store optimization programs. Comp sales increased 4.7%, quite a bit above the 2% to 3% growth expectation we highlighted on the third quarter call. And a sequential improvement of 280 basis points compared to the third quarter. Excluding tobacco comp sales were up 6.5%. The performance was boosted by our successful execution across all PPE categories. We estimated that PPE boosted our comps by around 4.6 percentage points and our mass personalization marketing program drove another 140 basis points of growth. We saw strong comp growth in health and wellness and in personal care, up 15% and 8% respectively and this was partly offset by declines in the more discretionary beauty and photo categories, which were down 3% and 4% respectively. While foot traffic improved gradually. Overall traffic was down a little bit more 10% led by sharp decline in larger cities and travel destination, which were down around 39%. That said, consumers continued to buy more per visit and basket size increased in high teens. Store gross margin declined 10 basis points in the quarter versus prior year, due mostly to adverse sales mix away from higher margin discretionary categories. However, this was a sequential improvement of 70 basis points compared to the third quarter, as we saw improving sales mix as discretionary categories recovered. Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International. And as usual, I'll talk to constant currency. A COVID pandemic continues to cause notable disruption across many of our international markets, and particularly in the U.K. Sales declined 15.4% in the quarter. But this was a big improvement on the third quarter decline of 26%. Overall, the estimated COVID impact on adjusted operating income was around $300 million in the quarter. And this led to an adjusted operating loss of $3 million in the fourth quarter down $196 million versus prior year. Now, let's look in more detail at Boots U.K., which delivered better sales growth than we expected. Footfall remains well below last year, particularly in the major high street and travel locations where Boots has a prominent store presence. Footfall continues to be impacted by government travel restrictions, increased working from home and localized lockdowns. Comparable pharmacy sales increased 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Lower demand for scripts and services, reflecting reduced footfall, especially in city centers was offset by favorable phasing of NHS funding. Retail comp sales declined 29.2% better than our prior expectations at targeted marketing activities were implemented, and we saw some recovery and footfall to our flagship and destination stores. Overall, the performance was much better than last quarter, when comp retail sales were down 48%. Boots.com had a great quarter, which sales drove accelerating to 155%, up from 78% growth in the third quarter. Retail gross margin was lower in the quarter, primarily due to higher fulfillment costs, due to the substantial growth of Boots.com and marketing programs to drive traffic. Now, I'll make a few comments about our international retail business. One of our top priorities is to turn around Boots UK and return us to profitable growth. The U.K. team was taking swift actions on both sales growth and cost reduction. As mentioned earlier, targeted marketing activity is driving better sales performance than we had anticipated, and Boots.com sales growth was exceptional. And we further extended our fulfillment capabilities with in-store picking now operational in over 90% of our stores. Together with our hybrid stores, this gives us much greater flexibility and capacity as we head into our peak trading season. And online new product launches included popular beauty brands such as MAC and NARS. We are investing in our leading No7 beauty brand with new counters and fixtures in almost 300 stores with plans to extend to a third of our stores by the end of February. We continue to play a key role in the community with over a million COVID tests completed for the NHS. And finally, an update on our retail joint venture in China. The store count is now more than 7,500, roughly doubling since our original investment in 2018. Turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency. Pharmaceutical wholesale delivered another good performance for the quarter with sales up 4.3% versus prior year, led by emerging markets, Germany and France. Adjusted operating income increased 8.3%, mainly reflecting sales growth and cost management. Turning next to cash flow, full year operating cash flow was $5.5 billion and free cash flow was $4.1 billion. Strong cash flow generation was mainly driven by working capital initiatives. Included in the result were one time COVID-related government contributions, but these were fully offset by higher safety stock. Capital expenditures were $328 million lower than prior year, mainly due to project deferrals as a result of the COVID pandemic. Free cash flow increase $219 million or 5.6% versus prior year, despite estimated COVID impacts on adjusted operating income of around $1.2 billion. The growth in free cash flow was driven by a $1.4 billion improvement in working capital, largely due to optimization programs across both inventory and accounts payable. So, overall, it was a very good year for cash flow and looking forward, we remain highly focused on cash generation, and have a strong pipeline of working capital initiatives. I'll now update you on the Transformational Cost Management Program, which is very much on track. Last quarter, we increased our savings target to in excess of $2 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal 2022. In the U.S., our store operating model transformation is well underway and we continued our store optimization program in the quarter. In the U.K., we are restructuring the Boots business model. Last quarter, we announced plans to reduce the workforce in Boots UK and Boots Opticians by approximately 7%. The program is on track with end-to-end process optimization, driving enhanced efficiency and effectiveness. We have completed the transition of the majority of our IT Run and Operational Services to TCS ahead of plan and we are now starting to unlock the strategic benefits. And we recently announced a restructuring of our global brands organization to drive efficiency and speed to market. But let me emphasize one thing. This is more than a cost transformation. At its core, is safe to invest to grow. We are aggressively tackling our cost structure, and that will free up the funds needed to invest in future growth. At the same time, we are also reinventing how we do business, redesigning end-to-end processes, upgrading operating models and creating new capabilities that will drive long-term growth. Next, let's turn to guidance. Let me first lay out some of the key assumptions underpinning our fiscal 2021 guidance. We expect an adjusted effective tax rate of around 15.5%, and this creates an EPS headwind of approximately 1%. As announced earlier, we have halted our share repurchase program, and with the exception of anti-dilutive share repurchases, we are not planning share repurchases in fiscal 2021. Based on current exchange rates, we expect the impact of currencies to be broadly neutral to operating income. We are increasing our digital development on omni-channel investments by $400 million to a total of $1 billion in fiscal 2021. Of this year-on-year increase, $165 million is higher operating expense, leading to an approximate three percentage point impact on adjusted EPS. And finally, we are confirming our long-term goal of in excess of $2 billion of savings from the transformational cost management program by 2022. Turning now to our adjusted EPS guidance. We estimate low-single digit low single digit growth in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. And we are expecting a very different profile in the first half of the year compared to the second half of the year. While we assumed continued gradual improvements quarter-by-quarter, it is realistic to assume continued negative COVID-19 impacts in the first two quarters of the year. As such, we are assuming a first half decline and adjusted EPS of 17% to 23%. Please note that we will be lapping a prior year discrete tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and these results in an adjusted EPS headwind of approximately six percentage points. We do expect COVID-19 impacts to subside in the second half of the year as more and more people are vaccinated and foot traffic gradually recovers. As such, we expect a much stronger second half, and are assuming adjusted EPS growth of 30% to 40%. As growth initiatives take hold, the impact of COVID tails off. And we lap, a week prior year. Obviously, the evolution of the pandemic is uncertain. And COVID-19 could present both incremental risks, as well as opportunities. For example, we have not assumed significant new government restrictions or extensive stay-at-home orders. And that could present a risk to our projections. On the other hand, we have not taken into consideration the opportunity from the role we may play in the widespread distribution of vaccines because those programs and their timing are still being finalized. In summary, the fourth quarter results were at the high end of our guidance range. We are in a strong financial position and finish the year with free cash flow of $4.1 billion, up 5.6% versus prior year. We are introducing fiscal 2021 guidance of low single digit growth in adjusted EPS at constant currencies, and we expect to exit fiscal 2021 strongly with double digit growth in adjusted EPS in the second half of the year. At the same time, we are investing to accelerate our enterprise digitalization, with a specific focus on transforming our omnichannel capabilities and developing new healthcare opportunities. I'll now hand over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. During these challenging times, we continue to safely deliver essential services, while accelerating a digital transformation. Our healthcare platform is delivering a personalize experience to a millions of customers every day, at a time when many Americans face unemployment and potential loss of health insurance, we can help patients maintain access to affordable medicines. As an example, we have relaunched our Prescription Savings Club offering lower prices on 100s of medications. Average weekly enrollment in the savings club has increased by over 400% since the June relaunch with member saving over $164 million of the cash free price on their prescriptions. Also last week, we launched Find Rx Coverage Advisor, a new resource preventing customers with personalize guidance on health, on prescription drug coverage options. Our Find Care Platform which connects patients to Telehealth providers has also grown significantly since the start of the pandemic. In the quarter, traffic to this site increased 36 times versus last year to over 8.5 million visits, and we continue to make excellent progress, playing the role of VillageMD partnership, working closely with our partners on physical locations, digital presence and healthier services. Alongside healthcare, we're accelerating our retail offering, in-store and through our omnichannel infrastructure. Our partnership with Kroger continues to progress well with positive results from Kroger Express, and the continued development of a GPO. Sales in walgreens.com are up 39% versus prior year and digitally initiated sales are up 7% in the quarter. Our mass personalization program boosted retail sales by 140 basis points in the quarter, a significant increase from the 95 basis points impact last quarter. And we also saw a significant increase in customers ordering online and collecting addresses and at the curbside none available nationwide. Thus in last quarter, these sales grew by 2.7 times. We're also accelerating the pace of our technology transformation with a further 1,145 stores converted to retail SAP in the quarter, taking the total to over 3,500 stores. The rollout of SAP at a store level provides a wide range of benefits as a management and operational tool giving us real time information store operations, stock levels and movement. It also gives us far greater detail and timely visibility on our business. More importantly, however, its implementation joins up our operations with a reliable and proven cloud platform, which will significantly enhance local fulfillment of our omnichannel offering. In the past few quarters, you've heard us refer to a walk to digitalize the company and build a truly omnichannel interface with our customers. The foundations of this were put in place through a partnership with Microsoft, moving us to primarily cloud based data infrastructure and then working jointly with Microsoft and Adobe to build a mass personalization engine that accesses and enriches that existing data. The results of a mass personalization work have been driving a new and much more targeted interaction with our customers over recent months. The nature of the personalization engine means that it learns more about our customers preferences and refines it output to more adjust. So we're timely are seeing it get better and more effective quarter-by-quarter. We are now beginning to rollout the next elements of this customers facing initiative. Progressively building and enhancing the customer experience through content, engagement and rewards for use and loyalty. In November, we are relaunching our customer loyalty program as myWalgreens. This goes well beyond updating the look and feel of our app to create seamless retail and pharmacy experience. The new program will greatly simplify how customers accumulate and use their rewards and will create a much more engaging health orientated relationship. Members will earn 5% Walgreens cash and all of our owned brand products and 1% on all other qualifying purchases. Walgreens cash can be applied to future transactions all used to support their chosen causes. myWalgreens will be heavily focused on health and wellbeing with content, service and offers specifically curated to each member. All for our 100 million existing loyalty members will have opportunity to convert their current points balance to Walgreens cash while seamlessly switching to the new program. However with our personalization programs, myWalgreens will evolve and develop as members use it. And we plan to announce significant developments to the membership in the months ahead. Supporting this, we have made considerable enhancements to our fulfillment abilities. As you have heard, we have significantly increased our online capacity in response to the heightened demand in recent months. Starting this Friday, we will be rolling out a significantly improved convenience customer offering. This will allow online or app orders to be ready for collection in as little as 30 minutes, in-store or our drive-through windows, or curbside, all available nationwide. This level of responsiveness is unprecedented in our sector and it redefines customer convenience, a real differentiator for us. This demonstrated in a very practical ways some of the benefits of our work to update our infrastructure and to digitalize our business. There is a lot to come from these initiatives, as we look ahead over the coming months, and I'm very excited to be able to share some of the first most customer focused initiatives of this immense program to modernize our company and rethink so many elements of our business. Let me now pass it back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. We have come through unprecedented market condition, but we are on our way to putting that behind us and the work we are doing gives us ground for optimism. As you have heard, we expect the first half of the year will be challenging, but we are optimistic of a recovery in the second half. You have heard from Alex about the exciting changes underway in our omnichannel offerings. There is much more to come as the work on each of our key strategic priorities increasingly breakthrough and revitalizes our business. We look forward to begin able to share more about these initiatives in the months to come. While we deliver on our strategic priorities, we are also constantly reviewing the shape and structure of the company to ensure we are best positioned to recover this company, as return to stable and reliable growth. The changes in management responsibility for Alex and [Indiscernible], our co-COO announced last quarter allowing us a renewed focus and clarity on our business and that helping deliver these changes. The appointment of Jeff Berkowitz, as President of Walgreens will again allow Alex to focus law service attention on the digitalization work and data initiative. Now, I know there is much interest in the work we are doing to identify a new CEO, as I move to the Executive Chairman. All I can say is that, the work the board is doing to identify the right person is well underway. And we will update you when we have something to report. That said, as I hope you can see this is not delaying our progress, I and the entire team as committed as ever to driving this company forward. We will continue to strive to deliver high service level for our customers, innovative and relevant products for the communities we serve and true value for our shoulders. We are navigating to a global pandemic, but the work that we have done and the trends that we are seeing in the market, gives us confidence for our future. Thank you. We will now take your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to get a couple of numbers questions here, first, I was hoping you could share with us what estimate you've built-in for the COVID impact to 2021 earnings guidance, versus the dollar plus that you estimated for 2020? And then, even though the discussion on 340B recently, I was hoping you could share any thoughts on the contribution to revenue and earnings for the company from this program. And any early impacts are seeing on the Pharma Manufacturer approach. Thanks.
James Kehoe: Okay. Well we are not providing specific information on the impact of COVID, you're on here. First of all because it's just too complex, the further you move on to the crisis, the further, the more difficult it becomes the SEC market moves, versus market share moves, versus margin moves. While we would say as you build out your scenarios is. And you have to get comfortable with the quarterly progression. If we were to give a ballpark estimate, you could look at probably the best analog is, in Q3 we have $0.63 impact. In Q4 we had a $0.46 impact. If you were to plot out the first two quarters, you're probably looking at something between $0.35 -- sorry between $0.25 and $0.30 of COVID in each quarter. And that part we can still follow the logic of the calculation we did in the second half of the year. So we have about 28 percentage points of EPS pressure from COVID in the first half. Now none that becomes a much more complicated discussion on what comes back from the prior year impacts. And you recall some of our comments on the last call; we believe the recovery will span a multi-year period, and at least two years, especially in the U.K. So, factors that come into this for example is, you know, we were very successful in the Q4 in the U.K. in regaining some footfall into the stores. But on the flipside is our shares with the exception of beauty remains significantly down, because most shopping is occurring in grocery stores. So, the key question becomes is, how long does it take to recover the share from the grocers, and that's like you need a crystal ball. So, we've -- you know as we've done together our forecasts, we will ensure business by business, nothing reasonable set of assumptions for each quarter. And as we went through to become more and more difficult to dissect what's COVID and what isn't COVID. You know, the other side of it is then we want to make a strong statement though on the recovery, so I'm sure you'll appreciate the 30% to 40% EPS growth in the second half, purely assumes recovery from COVID impacts in the prior period. The question is, what happens in the successive years? And as I said, we don't have a crystal ball. So, the key message we give is though we sold definitely green shoots, particularly on the top line in the U.S., and in the U.K. in Q4, we expect continued impacts in Q1, but we expect to exit the year with quite a bit of strength as the EPS guidance would suggest.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, hi, Justin. And Ill maybe  I don't have insights to what James has said on COVID-21 -- year 2020, but what I'll maybe deal with is 340B piece of the question. We think that -- you know, obviously we think that its been overstated, the numbers have been overstated, it's been quoted in the marketplace. Clearly, you know there's a challenge here, but there's also legal challenges coming back in terms of the hospital systems, there's significant bipartisan support for the current 340B program, which allows access to required medications in hospitals. And, you know, we feel good that we are well positioned whatever happens in this marketplace, we provide an essential service to thousands in moving the customers with these drugs, in partnership with the hospital partners. So that's where we are and of course, I will wait for the legal case in particular to be settled.
Justin Lake: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Thanks for the call and thanks for taking the question. I want to build on Justin's question a little bit in terms of thinking about the pathway forward and puts and takes on fiscal 2021. I mean, clearly there's some dynamics in place that were positive COVID beneficiary looking at, particularly the PPE growth As you think about some of the puts and takes into the 2021 guidance what else is built in there. How much of that structural cost dynamic still remains in place and the potential benefit that you have from items that are in increased demand and just alongside Id just had maybe a little bit separate follow up question, any update on your relationship with prime therapeutics and what's going on there in terms of your overall partnership?
James Kehoe: Okay. I think if you look at structural cost as a result of COVID, I believe the impact in 2020 was $150 million kind of number, of which there was about $50 million in the fourth quarter. So if you were looking forward, there is -- even if you have the same cost for the entire year, it's $200 million, but we won't have the same costs for the entire year. You'll continue to have sanitation and I don't see that going down in the first half. So you could plot out, 50 each quarter for the first half. But thereafter, once vaccinations become more prevalent, we would expect lesser ongoing costs. You asked for headwinds pluses and minuses. One is we did call out acts as a headwind. It's not significant, it's one point. We also called out -- see, we've got significant investments behind IT and digital agenda. And that's a headwind about 3% on EPS. And I really want that to be clear they are -- we are stepping up our game in terms of what we're going to. We will surround the consumer with a massive set of choices on how they want to interact, whether itd be physical or online or e-commerce, and it will be a totally omnichannel approach, both pharmacy and retail. And this will be going on the entire year of 2021 then we will have successive streams of new news over the coming quarters on this. So, that is a headwind. The other one is we obviously won't pay out a full bonus this year and next year we'll have a bonus headwind. I can't give you the precise number. So, we've incorporated all these headwinds. We also on the 340B question before. Based on our -- the scenario planning, we wouldn't have any material impact on the guidance we just gave. When you look forward that on COVID, I given the numbers, roughly, if you think about next year or the coming year, the first half, it's a $250 million to $300 million per quarter for two quarters. That's a rough number. So, it's a $500 million to $600 million negative impact in the first half. And it's very hard to dissect how much of the prior year impact is coming back in the second half. And we can't give any more than that. Well update as the quarters -- as we go through the quarters. And as I said, we were pleasantly surprised in Q4. We continue to see decent progress in the month in -- of September. It doesn't indicate opportunity, but neither does it indicate risk. So, we're feeling fairly comfortable about the guidance we just gave.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. And I think just one thing to add to what James has said, which is -- and obviously said in the prepared remarks, we've got new technologies in data. We spoke about the SAP system is one example coming forward that's really driving operational efficiency along, of course, with our ongoing successful cost management program. So these things intertwine with the cost question is as well, Michael. On Prime, and -- we continue to have a great relationship with Prime. We reset the contract with them, as you're aware, in the network, and we continue to be really pleased with the growth that we are getting with Prime in that contract. We continue to partner JV for Specialty, and we continue to work constructively to make that particular offering even more relevant in the marketplace. Of course, the marketplace is changing, as we all know, and especially the big focus for many, many people in the marketplace, but we continue to be very positive with the relationship going forward and the opportunity to grow with Prime Therapeutics.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. There's clearly a lot going on with COVID in the business transformation, but the business going into fiscal 2021 clearly has some capital constraints. So, I would ask, how are you thinking about the portfolio, I think particularly the big Chinese JV, clearly, you guys are not getting paid for these, and it's not reflecting in your valuation? So, I guess how do you think about some of the JV relationships? And can you use these to delever maybe focus on the core U.S. in a new business or is their contribution either the synergies or earnings, kind of, maybe something that we can't see and you feel like you're getting value for?
James Kehoe: Yeah, Ill just give a very good perspective on capital, and then I'll pass it over to Stefano for some comments. If you look back overtime, we have spent capital over the last five years; it averages about $1.4 billion a year. We did call out that in the course of 2020, we deferred expenditure of about $300 million and we just actually couldn't execute the programs. The great example is the SAP program. We deferred for a couple of months at the peak of COVID, because it was too complex for the in-store employees to manage COVID and the systems implementation at the same time. So we ended at $1.4 billion. We expected to spend $1.7 billion in 2020. And this money will slide into 2021. So, we would expect the capital allocation in 2021 probably to be in the region of somewhere between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, depending on various investments we plan on making. And, you know, we're quite comfortable with the level and we have the funding to do that. So, maybe I'll pass over for -- to Stefano for his comments.
Stefano Pessina: As James said, we have a very good cash flow. So, we are not worried about the future, and we believe that we can fund all the initiatives that we have. About our joint ventures outside the U.S., really, most of them are very, very promising, and it would be a pity not to exploit the situation and wait for them to mature before thinking of divesting them. In reality, we are always open, as you -- as we have said many times, and as you know, to any kind of this, provide this creates value. And so we are not really -- it's very, very focused in keeping all the participations or the joint ventures that we have. If we were offered good opportunities, we would take them. But we are not under pressure. We believe that we can manage our finance very, very well, as James has said. Because remember that this company maybe can suffer from time to time, but is always able to deliver a very strong cash flow. This year, it has been a very difficult year with the COVID and that cash -- the free cash flow this year is better than last year.
James Kehoe: But George, I would agree with one thing. The China JV is not adequately valued in our portfolio. What's really happened is we've doubled the size -- the store portfolio up to 7,500 stores. We have a significant position now in China, and we have a 40% stake in very collaborative partnership. We believe the business we would prefer to let it grow on the current path for -- 12 months to 24 months. But it is significantly undervalued in terms of the future potential. So, I think, I fully agree with what you just said.
Stefano Pessina: And by the way -- by the way, we have just made the initial investment, and all the growth up to now has been self-funded in China.
George Hill: Appreciate and apologize. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for the question. Appreciate the CapEx commentary you just gave. I guess I have a two-part question. One is to the extent that you could comment on your free cash flow expectations for FY 2021. And then also can you talk about the -- you obviously talked about the favorable NHS funding in international for the quarter. Can you provide any more color there on the size of the benefit and how sustainable that is in FY 2021? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes, I'll just give you -- we're not going to give free cash flow guidance because it's quite volatile how it comes out. What I'll give you, though, is two things. One is we have this slippage between the two years of $300 million of CapEx. That's the only material item. I do want to call out what happened in 2020. We actually -- the biggest single driver has been working capital improvement year-on-year and its $1.4 billion. And we've estimated that of that, about $850 million is actually coming from working capital initiatives. And all I would say at this stage is we have a similar, if not, bigger number coming on 2021. So, we expect a very big positive coming from working capital in 2021, offset to some extent by the slippage of $300 million of CapEx between two years. So, we are very, very confident on the long-term ability to drive substantial cash flow in the business. But each -- we don't want to give guidance because it's quite volatile depending on the investment decisions we've taken here.
Alex Gourlay: And Stefano, on the NHS funding piece, I mean, we're really aware of the government proposal there. And therefore, you should expect that all to be in our guidance, the ebbs and flows of working capital between the two years.
Elizabeth Anderson: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Good morning. So, one follow-up question on the earnings impact. You talked about -- I mean if you look at the EPS, about $0.25 to $0.30 in EPS per quarter in the first half versus the $0.46 in the fourth quarter. But Europe is -- seems to be on sort of in the second wave and some new restrictions that were in the media today, talking about potential drastic restrictions in London and also Europe. Is that included in your $500 million to $600 million headwind in the first half, just kind of like trying to understand whether there is kind of a second wave included in this? And then secondly, just going back to the CEO search, if you can give us some color on what type of experience are you looking in a new executive or looking for someone who brings healthcare experience versus retail or tech, given kind of like the transformation effort and where the market seems to be heading? Thank you.
James Kehoe: Let me just cover the -- COVID, again. Its $0.20 -- as I said, $0.25 to $0.30. So, call it, $250 million to $300 million in each quarter, so a total of $500 million to $600 million in the first half. That would assume -- the best way to think about this is in the U.K., specifically, it would assume maybe a 5 percentage point improvement in comp sales versus the Q4. So, it does not substantially improve on the profile versus Q4, as we said on the comments gradual improvement. If there was a significant lockdown, it would have a negative impact versus what we just provided as guidance. The question is, we don't believe  we probably think the U.K. is the one country where there might lockdowns. It's quite unpredictable. We don't see a major risk of lockdowns in the U.S. There might be the local lockdowns, but not nationwide. So, the U.K., you're right to ask the question, so it could present risk for the projections. What we clearly said in the remarks, though, there's two pieces of the remarks. We said is we didn't assume large-scale lockdowns, but we also didn't assume any contributions from vaccinations. Our way of looking at this is the risk of large-scale lockdowns has a lower probability, but it's a larger number. And then the likely upside coming from vaccinations is medium to high probability, but it's a lower number. And we'd see both of those factors being somewhat balanced. But I fully agree with your question is, if there's going to be a tighter lockdown, it's going to be in the U.K. And our issue, if you think about it, isn't across the entire store portfolio. Our issue in the U.S. and our issue in the U. K. is the exact same. It's the big cities and it's better  that are dependent on tourism as well, and it's anything we have in tourist destination. So it's airports, train stations. Our U.K. business has a significant predominant SKU to large cities and tourist locations. And then the biggest shortfalls we're seeing in the U.S. are in New York, Chicago, San Francisco, again, large cities with concentrated groups of people and large amounts of tourism. So, we actually gave the point in the script. If you take these large urban destinations, they're down 39% in terms of foot traffic. It's less in terms of revenue. It's about 24%. But if you actually take the flip side of that, our rural stores in the U. S. are up 12%. So, there -- it's a tale of two cities if you like so. The lockdown, our concern is most in the U.K. is around the London area and the big cities, a widespread lockdown as a much lesser impact. So, I hope that's helpful as it's been through your modeling.
Alex Gourlay: I'll just add one thing, Ricky, on this point in the U.K. As James said in prepared comments, the growth on the line in the U.K. has been great. The capacity has been expanded. So, we're in a much better position to manage that risk and were at the start of the pandemic. And it was brand continues to be very strong in health and beauty. So, again, I think we can manage that. That's my memory building what James said.
James Kehoe: The third point is good point, yes.
Alex Gourlay: In the future there is going to be probably a search of the CEO, of course, the Board is going to a total analysis, and they have created a committee, and we cannot give information on what is happening, as you understand. Clearly, if you look at what we have told you in the last quarters, you all -- will see that we are doing a big effort in modernizing our company and digitalizing our company, even though it's not evident, we are really changing everything in our company. And so the new Chief Executive must be someone, willing to continue this transformation for sure. Must be someone who understands their care for sure, but I cannot give further details now.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the question. James and Alex, can you discuss a few of the investments you're expecting to make next year. I was wondering, I don't know, James, you helped size a number of the headwinds and tailwinds. But I was wondering if you could maybe just give us a little bit more detail on how significant you're envisioning those investments to be? And maybe anything around timing would be helpful? And then just relatively, I was thinking about next year, I know last quarter you called out a fairly significant headwind from reimbursement rate pressure. I was just wondering what you're anticipating on the reimbursement rate front in 2021 relative to what we saw this year? Thanks so much.
James Kehoe: Yes. I'll give it maybe a general comment on the investment. I thought you can generally assume equal phasing across the year. This is a combination of about 7 or 8 different large-ish investments across pharmacy and retail. So it's generally -- it's a $1 billion, but it's 60% CapEx and 40% expense. If you then get into reimbursement and on the 100 over dilate after this is, if you think true as you plot out your income statement for -- by quarter, the first half of the year, we're still working on the older -- the prior year contracts because they run on a calendar year. So, we will have reimbursement pressure in the first half. And then COVID will be pressure in the first half on front-of-store margins because the mix isn't very good. And then you plot for the second half of the year and you will have more favorable reimbursement on a year-on-year basis because you have a new set of contracts coming in. And then in the second half, as you're recovering from COVID, margins will start coming back on the retail business and in particular in the U.K. because as we lost sales, we lost a lot of discretionary category sales, with much higher margins. So, as you plot out the year, I would say that the biggest pressure is not an overhead pressure. The biggest pressure is actually, it's the change in the trajectory on gross margin. I don't know, Alex, do you have a point on this?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I'll maybe speak to the investment point. First of all, in terms of when will customers see the investment and then for when it will impact business. So, I think what today we've announced, Bob is really significant, it really is the re-platforming of a loyalty card under myWalgreens. You're going to see this happen in November, first of all, digitally then physically. And you'll see as talking directly to 100 million of our loyal customers about the additional benefits they're going to get from their business with Walgreens. And I think it's going to have elements, for example of digital wallet, digital receipts. It's going to have a lot of health information coming through as well. And that's the start of the transformation, of this approach and what we call our customer engagement platform. And it's all built on personalization, as I described in the prepared comments, which we're feeling really good about as we've invested already with Microsoft and moving our data to the cloud, has already really invested, understanding different ways to talk to customers in a more personalized way through our mass personalization. You saw the numbers in the prepared remarks. Secondly, which we think is really differentiating. We've always spoken about the positioning of our last mile with our pharmacies being within 10 minutes of 75% of Americans. So, this idea of an as little as 30 minutes offering a pickup, we think redefines convenience for us and also for the marketplace. And that starts like tomorrow and will be complete across America by late -- mid-to-late November in every single store. So these are real impacts on how customers will experience the Walgreens brand, both in the front end and the pharmacy. And we'll continue to building out as well. So, you can tell my excitement. I hope this has been a long time building. It's a big organization to build us out and we've got some great support from the talent we've taken to the business and also from our great partners like Microsoft, Adobe and SAP. So, we're getting going. And, of course, we're going to see the impact on our business, particularly in the second half of 2021.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we have time for one more question today. Our final question will come from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much for taking my question. Good morning. I just want to understand your expectations around economic downturn. You talked a lot about COVID, but we don't have the stimulus here in the U.S. It's anticipated that maybe it does come after the election. We don't know what that looks like. There's concern about unemployment trends going into 2021. Can you maybe just talk about what your expectations are around an economic downturn? And then, as we think about this election, if it does go all blue, as some are anticipating, Biden has talked about expansion of the ACA and really expanding it maybe perhaps through Medicaid programs or even the states that didn't have ACA. Can you just remind us of the impact that you had back in 2009, 2010 with the last expansion under ACA, so I can just understand both of those pieces? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes, that's a tough question on the economic one because it actually completely merges with your assessment on the impacts of COVID. But I think it's a fair question. If you go back, a year ago, we would have said that the model of the company was to grow scripts at 4% to 5% range. We've assumed, in general, an economic impact and that's mixed with COVID of about one percentage point, in general across both retail and both -- and pharmacy in the U.S. So, we've looked at the economics. We've actually seen it play out in the most recent quarter. So, we had quite a strong June, July and some slowdown was evident in August and a slight slowdown in September as well because there was less stimulus money out there. And you can actually see the impacts. So -- and I think you see it across retail, in general. So, a lot does depend -- the forecast do depend on the stimulus that are put in the market by -- particularly in the U.S., which is very sensitive for this. But as I said, I think if you were to plot out a pharmacy business, you'd have to assume that there's probably a 1% plus headwind in 2021, essentially coming from the fact that in the earlier part of the year, you have less new scripts, new therapy scripts, and you do have some economic impacts. And then you have an economic impact on the front of store of probably the same percentage point. Bear in mind, as you plot this out, we did a comp in the U.S. business of 1.6 in the full year of 2020. It's unlikely to be in excess of 1.6 in 2021, because if you follow what I just said, you've got a negative economic impact and the front of store did benefit from COVID-related stock building and the PPE category during the course of 2020. So I think the growth rate in retail will moderate year-on-year, and the growth rate in -- the script growth will probably go up slightly, because we had a very poor Q3 in 2020. So it's really hard to dissect out the economics. But as we put our plans together, we had like a point to 1.5 points in our head as economic impact. We've built in an assumption of a second stimulus of $600, which couldn't happen largely. There's only select states that have put in maybe $300. So -- but there's pluses and minuses in every forecast in the ACA.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I'll have to deal with ACA. So I think our strategy has always been to take care of customers and be very customer-focused. I've explained in the last time before. When do you think of how this will affect you the pharmacy business, for example, which is our core business, we have under representation in the Medicaid space today in Walgreens because the majority of it is Managed Medicaid, and we've not been particularly successful at getting in these now networks because we don't have relationship with a key PBM here that we are -- one to have, to be honest, and I think that's pretty clear. However, there's a lot of movement in this space. For example, California and New York are talking about going back to fee-for-service. And, in fact, the Governors in states have already authorized that, and it's likely to happen next year. So as you think of Affordable Care Act, as you think of access, giving more access to more patients to more health care services, including pharmacies, we think our strategy is well positioned and we continue to work very, very hard to make sure we get our cost right, we get our care right. And we, in particular, focus on our key strength of pharmacy and health care services. That's just one example, we think if things go blue in America would be Medicaid and how these networks may change in the future.
Gerald Gradwell: Okay. Thank you very much, indeed. That was the last question we had time for. I know there were plenty of you that wanted to ask other questions. The IR team are available over the next days and weeks and we look forward to speaking to you all and answering your questions. Thank you. And with that, I'll hand over to Lisa, our operator to end the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Project. Thank you. Please go ahead, Sir.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. On the call with me today are Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. And note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the coronavirus COVID pandemic. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and good morning to everyone. This quarter, once again, a main theme for our quarter has to be the global COVID pandemic and now it has impacted our business. So I want to start once again by thanking our people for their outstanding effort and dedication. In the service in the service of their local communities despite facing challenging situations. Our teams have continued to walk tirelessly demonstrating exemplary dedication and commitment to help ensure continued availability of medicine and device to our patients and to maintain as efficient a supply chain as possible to our own pharmacists and our wholesale customers. Our priority is to protect the health and wellbeing of our customers and our people as we work to serve our communities, playing an essential role in the healthcare systems in many countries around the world. We made clear on our last earnings calls that we had only begun to see the impact of the COVID virus. In this quarter, the full extent of that impact is also apparent. COVID has impacted all of our markets, but for us, the impact has been most significant in the US and especially in the UK markets. The immediate nature of the progress of the spread of the virus has fundamentally changed to the way our customers have had to approach managing their health and their daily shopping needs. As lockdowns and restrictions were introduced, we saw significant declines in footfall in our stores. At times reducing to a fraction of the pre-COVID level. At the same time, we needed to keep the majority of our locations open, to help ensure the timely supply of medication and to continue the vital support we offer people in our local communities. We have leverage all the resources available to us in order to maintain our services, while ensuring adequate safeguards are in place to protect our teams and customer. As you would expect we've seen unprecedented demand for home delivery and for online services. The development of these services is a core strategy for us and during the crises we have significantly increased our capacity to serve these demands. We believe that as the situation resolves, the process of lifting restrictions will be progressive, and we expect the return to our normalized state will take some time. Furthermore, we also believe that it is highly likely that certain aspects of customer behavior may change permanently. Obviously, we have taken a hard look to our key strategic priorities and validated that they are still very relevant and you know our digitalization program was one of our four key strategic priorities and you will see an acceleration of these over the coming months. Together with the major expansion of our mass personalization and customer engagement platform, that our recently announced agreement with Adobe Microsoft will deliver. We are also accelerating our Conformational Cost Management Program. A strong focus on controlling and reducing cost is even more important now investing the savings to drive future growth is one of our top priorities. Of course we remain absolutely committed to developing our healthcare offering across our network and making our store major health destinations. We've taken a key strategic step forward here by expanding our partnership with VillageMD. This brings physicians and pharmacists together both in physical location and through a digital platform. It will also allow both companies to accelerate our virtual healthcare solutions and fits well with our own digital strategy. We believe the capability to access physicians identifying pharmacies in a close and remote coordinated manner is the future of our community healthcare. I have already taken the first steps to ensure that that as a management team we accelerate our strategy with a perfect focus and clarity. I've asked Alex Gourlay, our Co-Chief Operating Officer to become more geographically focused rather than dividing their responsibilities by operational discipline. Recognizing the significance on Walgreens as our largest single business, Alex will now focus entirely on our US operations. Boots will now reporting to Ornella, along with the rest of our international operation. Our business is well broadly on track prior to the COVID crises. Both Alex and O'Neill are very clear on the need for us to move quickly to ensure that we emerge from the current situation in a position of strength and prepare to return to sustainable long term growth. I will now ask James and Alex to take you through our earnings presentation. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano and good morning. As youve seen from our earnings release, our third quarter results were significantly impacted by COVID. Firstly, the Boots impairment charge led to a third quarter EPS loss of $1.95 and constant currency adjusted EPS was 43.4% lower than prior year. This decline was mostly due to an estimated negative COVID impact of $0.61 to $0.65. Retail pharmacy USA delivered sequential improvement in total comp sales with continued improvement in retail performance, offsetting a slowdown in scripts. We were faced with significant footfall declines across most of our markets in retail pharmacy international and especially in the UK. This was only partly compensated by much faster growth from our online businesses and finally pharmaceutical wholesale delivered yet another strong performance. The other two bright spots in the quarter were cost management and cash flow. A little later I'll talk you through the great progress we're making on our transformational cost management program. In summary, we are increasing our annual cost savings target to in excess of $2 billion by 2022. I do want to highlight that we remain in a solid financial position. Year-to-date free cash flow was $2.4 billion up 24% versus prior year. During the quarter, we moved quickly to increase our financial flexibility by over $5 billion and today we announced a 2.2% increase in our dividend. First let's look at the estimated impact of COVID on the third quarter results. Overall, we estimate a negative adjusted operating income impact of $700 million to $750 million. However, COVID impacted each of our divisions very differently. In Walgreens, solid comp retail sales performance partly offset lower gross margins and a falloff in scripts versus pre-COVID levels. Comp script growth decelerated due to a drop in doctor's visits and hospital admissions. Comp scripts slowed from 4.9% in the pre-COVID second quarter to 0.4% in the current quarter, consistent with the market as a whole. By contrast US retail grew faster in the third quarter with comp sales up 1.9% compared to 0.6% in the second quarter. Although foot traffic was down around 20% this was more than offset by a bigger basket. While retail comp sales improved gross margin was under pressure as consumer spending shifted from higher margin discretionary categories to lower margin essential categories and more customers shopped online. Adjusted retail gross margin declined by 85 basis points versus prior year, whereas in the second quarter gross margin was 65 basis points higher than the prior year period. We managed SG&A quite well. COVID related operational costs were little over $100 million in the quarter including one-time bonus payments for certain employees and higher training and safety cost. Our UK retail businesses were sharply impacted and accounting for around 46% of the overall impact on adjusted operating income and ultimately, our review related $2 of impairment charges in the quarter. Strict lockdown conditions led to a sharp reduction in high street footfall and Boots UK retail comps declined 48% in the quarter. We did much better on our online business Boots.com delivered very strong growth with sales up 78% in the quarter. Orders exploded and we quickly added new capacity to meet demand and Boots.com exited the quarter in much stronger shape. However, this came at a cost. Retail gross margin declined 440 basis points in the quarter as a result of higher fulfillment cost, reflecting increased online orders and a significant shift from in-store pickup to home delivery. Boots UK was also hit by higher operational costs, but these were largely offset by UK government programs including temporary abatement of property taxes. Let's now look in more detail at the results. Third quarter sales were up 0.1% and up 1.2% on a constant currency basis with the performance held back by an estimated COVID impact of around 2%. Adjusted operating income declined 46.4% on a constant currency basis, almost entirely due to COVID, which accounted for over 40 percentage points of the year-on-year decline. Let's turn now to the financial performance for the first nine months of the year. Constant currency sales increased 2.5%. On a constant currency basis adjusted EPS declined 18.3% with around 13% to 14% percentage points of the decline coming from the COVID impacts we encountered in the third quarter. Let's now look at the performance of our divisions starting with retail pharmacy USA. Sales increased 3.2% in the quarter. Total comp sales increased 3% slightly faster than the second quarter growth rate. Adjusted gross profit was down 8.7% with declines in both pharmacy and retail. Retail gross margin declined versus pre-COVID levels due to higher fulfillment costs and adverse product mix. Adjusted SG&A spend decreased 0.4% versus prior year despite over $100 million of COVID-related costs in the third quarter. Adjusted operating income declined 38.4% of which we estimate the COVID impact accounting for around 26 percentage points of the year-on-year decline. Now let's look in more detail at our pharmacy business, which encountered a slowdown in comp script growth compared to the previous quarter. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.6% versus prior year due to higher brand inflation and specialty sales. Central specialty sales continued to grow nicely up 15.9% versus prior year. Comp pharmacy sales were up 3.5% and this was pretty much in line with the second quarter, but with a different composition. As mentioned earlier, comp script growth slowed to 0.4% growth in the quarter and this was quite a bit lower than the pre-COVID second quarter growth of 4.9%. This was partly offset by higher brand inflation. While comp scripts declined 5% in both April and May, we're encouraged to see improved script growth in June of around 8%. Note that this includes some benefit from phasing and the default adjusted figure is closer to 3%. Turning next to our US retail business, which delivered improved revenue growth although with a lower gross margin. Retail sales declined 0.7% in the quarter including the impact of store closures. Comp sales increased 1.9% as sequential improvement from the second quarter. Excluding tobacco and e-cigarettes, comps were up 3.5% although consumers were shopping less frequently they were buying more per visit. Our flagship health and wellness category performed particularly well, up around 9% led by demand for vitamins and UPPE products, personal care grew 5% and grocery was up 8% despite a weaker Easter. Discretionary categories remained under pressure with beauty down 9% and photo down 34%. Geographically, we are seeing buoyant sales in rural areas with the overall result held back by sizable declines in urban locations. Turning now to store gross margin and I should point out that this is slightly different definitions than the adjusted gross margin numbers used on slide number five, store gross margin represents scanned gross margin and it is a good measure of core margin movements as it is less impacted by timing or phasing. In the third quarter, store gross margin declined 80 basis points versus prior year. Now this compares unfavorably to the 95 basis point increase we delivered in the second quarter. This negative impact was due to a shift in consumer spend from higher margin discretionary categories such as photo and beauty to lower margin everyday essentials. A good example here is the 34% decline in photo sales, which led to a 90 basis points negative impact on gross margin. While store gross margin improved somewhat in June, we are still tracking around 50 basis points below prior-year levels. In May and June, we saw improved retail sales trends as stay at home orders were relaxed, but footfall remains very weak and that was only partly compensated by strong dotcom sales. Turning next to the retail pharmacy international division, which was most heavily impacted by COVID. As usual our total constant currency numbers, sales declined 26.2% as the global COVID pandemic caused severe disruption across all of our international markets. The UK had a more stringent lockdown than the US, with stay at home orders imposed nationwide on the 23 March. As an essentially retailers most Boots UK stores were required to remain open. However, high street footfall ground to a halt and fell by as much as 85% at its peak. Additionally, our premium beauty and fragrance counters were closed for almost 10 weeks and given Boots' position as a leading beauty retailer this had a significant impact on comp sales. Additionally, on official advice most of our 600 optician stores were closed. The impact was sizable as this business had annual sales of almost $500 million and comp sales declined by over 70% in the quarter. The combination of high fixed cost stores and sharp sales declines led to an adjusted operating loss of $143 million in the third quarter compared to adjusted operating income of $165 million in the third quarter of last year. Overall, the estimated COVID impact on adjusted operating income was $365 million to $390 million. On a brighter note our retail JV in China is performing very strongly with third quarter percentage sales growth in the mid-30s. As of the end of May, the JV had more than 5,700 stores. Let's take a look now at some of the UK trends. Boots UK pharmacy comp sales declined 1%. We saw a pull forward of demand ahead of the lockdown but a decline in April and May as you would expect as the pull forward corrected and we saw fewer used prescriptions. Retail comp sales declined 48% in the quarter. Note than retail comps do not include Boots.com direct to home sales. Again we saw some increased demand prior to the lockdown but a very significant reduction after the stay at home orders were imposed. As I've said, although the majority of our stores remained open, footfall virtually ground to a halt and Boots was not a destination for consumers making a single weekly grocery shopping trip. By contrast, we saw very strong growth in our online business and we moved quickly to increased capacity. Towards the end of the quarter, volumes reached Black Friday levels on a daily basis and May sales increased almost 120% with June sales growth even higher. The success of our online business has been encouraging but it did have an adverse impact on retail gross margin, which fell 440 basis points year-over-year mostly due to higher fulfillment costs. Since quarter end, comp retail sales have shown a gradual improvement. Almost all of our Boots UK stores and the majority of opticians are now open, but while we've seen a slow return of consumers for the High Street, footfall remains significantly down on last year and we estimate comp retail sales declined by around 40% in June. Turning now to the pharmaceutical wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency. Pharmaceutical wholesale delivered another strong performance with sales up 5.3% versus prior year, led by the UK and Germany. Adjusted operating income increased 5.1% reflecting sales growth and a higher contribution from AmerisourceBergen partially offset by lower gross margin. Turning next to free cash flow, which on a year-to-date basis increased 24% versus prior year. Free cash flow was strong in the year-to-date period with $2.4 billion delivered in the first nine months of the year up $467 million on the same period last year. We estimate a COVID-related inventory build of around $500 million at quarter end and this was mostly offset by reductions in capital expenditures and cash inflows from government support initiatives. We took proactive action in the quarter to increase short-term financial flexibility by $5.1 billion including a $1.5 billion bond offering and $3.6 billion of credit capacity. We are increasing our dividend for the 45th consecutive year and we've decided to suspend activity under our share repurchase program for the time being. Year-to-date we repurchased $1.3 billion of shares whereas we previously targeted $1.75 billion for fiscal year 2020. Please note that our anti-dilutive program is unaffected by this decision and we will continue with our anti-dilutive share repurchases. Next let's go through the transformational Cost Management Program where we continue to over-deliver. We are increasing our savings target to in excess of $2 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal 2022, reflecting continued momentum and better line of sight to savings. Our store closure program is broadly on track and we're actually slightly ahead of target of the transition of our IT run and operational services to TCS by the end of the calendar year. Last week we selected Jenpak as our long-term partner for finance for the future program. This multiyear program will lead to improved cost capability and controls and help drive improved business outcomes. Given the severity of the COVID impact in the UK and the uncertain outlook, we are accelerating the transformation of our Boots UK and opticians businesses. This reorganization will impact more than 4,000 positions or around 7% of the workforce. Now I'll give you some more detail on guidance. Last quarter given the many variables surrounding COVID, we decided to temporarily suspend guidance. Although there are still many uncertainties, we now have a clear understanding of the full-year impact on our business. We are now introducing guidance for fiscal year 2020 and expect adjusted EPS in the range of $4.65 to $4.75. Furthermore we estimate the full-year impact of COVID to be in the region of $1.03 to $1.14 with the most significant impacts in the UK. While we do expect to see some improvement in sales trends, UK comp sales are expected to remain very weak. Gross margins will remain under pressure in the short term mainly due to adverse category mix and higher fulfillment cost. In the fourth quarter, we expect US script growth of around 3% and 3.5% and this remains below the 4.9% pre-COVID run rate. In US retail, sales are off to a strong start in June and suggest a fourth quarter comp sales growth of around 2% to 3%. However the US retail result will be held back by continued adverse category mix. June margin is around 50 basis points below prior year and is likely to be in that kind of range for the rest of the quarter. In the UK, we expect Boots UK retail comps to decline by around 40% with retail gross margins down around 400 to 500 basis points. As I said earlier, the UK margin declines are mostly due to increased fulfillment costs reflecting a significant increase in online sales and home delivery. These assumptions lead to an adverse COVID operating income impact of around $500 million to $575 million for the fourth quarter with around 60% from international. A word of caution here, this diagnose is based on the trends we're seeing in the month of June and does not factor in a potential reversal of these trends. In summary, COVID had a significant impact on our third quarter results with an estimated $0.61 to $0.65 hit to adjusted EPS. We are seeing some improvement in sales and gross margin trends but the nature and duration of the recovery is uncertain. However, we are introducing full year adjusted EPS guidance in a range of $4.65 to $4.75 as our best estimate of the likely full year outcome. This assumes COVID-related adverse impacts of $1.03 to $1.14 per share. While COVID has presented a huge challenge, we remain in a good financial position led by excellent free cash flow delivery. We've increased our financial flexibility, we suspended our share repurchase program for the time being and we're raising our dividend for the 45th consecutive year. What's important now is that we're taking swift action both operationally and financially. We've raised our savings target from the transformational Cost Management Program and we're quickly scaling our Omni channel and healthcare investments to spur future growth. I'll now hand over to Alex who will bring you through our plans for investing in future growth.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. As youve heard the COVID pandemic has impacted all areas of our business. First and foremost I'd like to extend my sincere thanks to the incredible teams we have working in our stores and behind the scenes. Our teams have faced many challenges to help ensure communities continue to receive medications and services. Through this the dedication on a daily basis to serving our patients under and their customers has been outstanding in what has been a very difficult time for many, both at work and home. Now I'll update you on the significant progress we've made against our key strategic priorities, starting with healthcare. As you know, treating neighborhood destinations across the country is one of our core objectives. To underline it, we've agreed a significant expansion of our partnership with VillageMD, a major step forward for both of us. I recall this provide an integrated primary care and pharmacy model that will drive better health outcomes, reduce costs and provide a differentiated patient experience to the communities we serve. We'll be opening between 500 and 700 full service Village Medicals in more than U.S. markets within the next five years. These doctor-led clinics located at Walgreens pharmacies will provide comprehensive primary care services and will focus on developing relationships with patients to manage their long-term conditions. Once we've completed his initial role out we intend to build several hundred more clinics in at least 20 additional US markets. Very importantly beyond the physical locations we'll be developing home based monitoring and telemedicine services leveraging VillageMD integrated data and technology and our own fine care platform. We're investing $1 million of debt and equity in the partnership over the next three years including a $250 million equity investment announced yesterday. On completion of this investment, we expect our ownership interest of approximately 30% in VillageMD. Another core strategic priority is the digitalization of our business. We've taken significant steps in the quarter. We're now accelerating our plans and we'll be further increasing our investment in digital initiatives in the coming months. The pandemic has of course significantly increased demand for Omni channel products and more convenient services. We've extended our reach to customers in-store and online acting swiftly to revive new products and significant expand fulfillment services for example, extending our drive to service to include legal products such as health and wellness and wholesale essentials. Customers can now order online in advance and our products are equipped at our own 7,300 drive through windows without leaving the safety of their car, we're also ruling out cup-side collection for online orders and other delivery alternatives. Omni channel performance in the quarter was very strong. As you would expect, driven in part by changing customer behavior during the pandemic and have increased capacity in our online operations threefold to improve service to our customers. Sales on Walgreens.com were up 23% versus prior year. Total digitally initiated sales were also up around 23% and mobile app traffic was up over 200%. Finding alternative ways to receive care while staying safe has become paramount with many turning to telehealth offerings. Our fine care platform traffic was up 48% versus the second quarter to over 3 million visits and up 14 fold versus last year. The mantra one to two a day Walgreens Express Farms delivery service with FedEx increased significantly with the volume of prescriptions delivered up seven to eight fold since the last quarter. A program to let mass personalization facility by new technologies is already well advanced. For the second straight quarter, this boosted retail performance, increasing sales in the third quarter by 95 basis points. Last week we announced the strategic partnership with Microsoft and Adobe to launch a world-class modern technology and customer data resource, which will form the basis of a new customer engagement platform. This will further transform our already successfully retail mass personalization activities, allowing us to create a personal experience for each individual customer and pharmacy healthcare wellness annually. Turning next to our third strategic priority to transform and restructure our retail offering. We've extended our role in the community during the pandemic to offer vital healthcare services. We're working to start as a comprehensive testing solution across our US store network to provide self testing, in-store testing and lab-based testing solution that will provide every patient with virology and serology tests as appropriate in a way that best suits their needs. To do this, we're working with a number of partners including expanding our partnership with LabCorp alongside other solutions to provide the range and capacity of testing need. Looking forward, we of course, all hoping for a vaccine to develop soon. Once this happens, we believe we will have a key role to play protecting patients by using the vaccine quickly to those needed among the 8 million customers we interact with daily. Also in retail, we've upgraded our electronic accessory offering to focus on the high quality brands that customers are seeking, including agreement with Apple to sell their branded accessories. And finally the benefits from the COVID partnership have been even greater during the COVID pandemic and we're continuing to explore how we might be able to expand this partnership. Next, Boots U.K. this, of course, has been a very difficult quarter and as youve heard the COVID pandemic has a far greater impact on our UK operations and it's hard in the US. Today we announced a program to restructure Boots, accelerated to adopt to the changing operating environment and logistics costs in the wake of COVID. This has been a very tough decision, but we're taking this action to ensure a sustainable future at the time of economic uncertainty and are shifting customer behavior towards online and digital channels. We are proposing a reduction of over $4,000 rules in total across Boots Opticians, representing around 7% of the current workforce. This includes a proposed reduction of approximately 20% of our employees in our head office, around 7% of our store colleagues and the closure of 48 Boots opticians. As youve heard COVID has caused a dramatic and radical shift in our business but our teams have responded rapidly to the challenges. In Pharmacy, we're playing a key role in supporting NHS. We quickly developed and implemented drive through testing. In the quarter, undertook more than 330,000 COVID tests. We trained our Boots pharmacist team to support the NHS medical helpline. We've increased the capacity of our online pharmacy to meet demand for home delivery and again working with NHS, we've stepped up deliveries for vulnerable patients. Turning to our retail operations, as James mentioned Boots online business has grown significantly since the start of the pandemic increasing a 120% in the month of May. To meet this increased demand and make it as easy as possible for our customers to get the products they need, we've moved swiftly to reconfigure our operations and significantly increased capacity. In beauty, we build online advice in studios, which have gathered momentum in recent weeks and building on our online presence, we recently undertook our first school of digital skincare product launch, No7 Advanced Retinol. The product had over 100,000 customers on waiting list ahead of launch and has been well received. As I said, the most categories online continue to reflect the core offering that Boots have so well known for, health and wellness, beauty and personal care. Let me now pass it back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex, in the company, we are facing some significant challenges and are moving fast to overcome them. Many of our businesses have been operating very successfully for many years and have faced extraordinary challenges and disruptions in various markets in that time. We have always been able to provide, adapt in time and I am convinced that we will come out of these crises in a strong position with a clear path to sustainable long term growth. I'm encouraged by the tangible progress we have made the quarter in developing our strategic priorities. Our agreement with Microsoft and Adobe is hugely significant and we deliver a significant step forward in our ability to offer a personalized service to our customers. The increased saving goals for our Transformational Cost Management Program gives us even more capacity to react quickly to the new market environment. As we implement our amount of savings to invest, to grow and most importantly, I am very excited about the huge step forward we have taken in our health strategy through our extended partnership with VillageMD, which will transform our community healthcare offering. Despite the challenges have come, we continue to be a well positioned company with robust and defendable cash flow and a solid balance sheet. This will allow us to invest with confidence in our business at a time when many other companies do not have the same capability. As youve heard 2021 will be a year of increased investment to pave the wave for a return to sustainable predictable growth. The strength of our company, the dedication of our people and the response of our customers as they recognize our commitment to serving them and supporting their communities gives me great confidence in the future of our business and if anything further strengthen my own resolve to deliver the changes that we need to drive sustainable growth. Thank you. Now we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question today comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you and thank you for your efforts on behalf of consumers and patients during this time. Given the strong US comp, I think the impact on gross margin is quite striking. I understand the front end shift which you outlined, but to what extent is their pressure on the pharmacy and beyond reimbursement pressure you would expect, are there pressures from movement from 30 to 90 or from commercial, cash and Medicaid? Could you help us on that front?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, it's Alex here. Good morning. The pharmacy trend in margin was really as we had expected. So we saw some decline, and you see the IQVIA data as the pandemic come through on commercial, but has recovered as people have come back into employment to some extent. But really, it wasn't as expected. There was really no other change and as we come through notes of June, again we're watching this as you can imagine very carefully and there is nothing within that trend that went beyond what we had expect to see. What is very different is the neurotherapy, which I think James has covered in his comments where again we're seeing a reduction of just I think of 28% according to IQVIA data and neurotherapy. So the volume through this quarter was substantially less than we had expected. Having said that, we were quite worried as I think as we saw the mail order number shift, particularly in the early weeks of the pandemic, but again we're more relaxed now to see that the mail order and the retail business has stabilized particularly in the last six weeks. So that really has been the story of the pharmacy margin, this is more of a volume story than it is of any shift in the margin from our perspective.
Stefano Pessina: Yeah and confirm exactly what Alex said, if you look at the US business, with an impact of around $300 million to $350 million. Two thirds of the impact was due to gross profit and one third was due to higher SG&A as a result of bonuses for select employees plus cleaning and sanitary expenses. When you go back to the gross profit which is around $225 million to $250 million, all of it is due to raise all in the retail business. So essentially, we didn't have a volume impact because the negative trend that we saw on pharmacy scripts and that was entirely due to medical visits and the impact on new prescriptions was entirely offset by continued buoyancy on our retail business. So it was actually -- just answer to summarize everything on the gross profit was rate and the best example of the one I gave in the script is we have a fairly large photo business with quite effective margins and a decline in that business essentially cost us 90 basis points of margin just due to having profit above is compared to the average of the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Thanks for taking the question. May be just to follow-up quickly on Eric's question which is on when we look at the June trends of 3%, have we started to see within that new scripts accelerating as people kind of come back to the physicians? And then secondly, the VillageMD partnerships sounds great. Like what does that say to the other pilots you have been doing with our partners in primary care with Humana, MedExpress, with United and even with LabCorp? How did those kind of fit in with the new strategy, it looks like you're embarking on, thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Charles and we're seeing a recovery in new therapy but it is still I would say unpredictable for all of the obvious reasons as you're seeing a further spread of the virus in many states across USA. So we're seeing return and James has given you the number we saw in June for our scripts. So encouraging but still not completely predictable and certainly not back to the number it was before the pandemic. In terms of second question, we just had a really successful trial in Houston with VillageMD, which we have accelerated with a very good management team. They are agnostic to payers. They work within every payer in the marketplace and every healthcare system. They do both fixed, they do fee for service. They do of course taking risk and most importantly of all, from our point of view, they take care of people with long term conditions. We know the $4 trillion of spend in the USA, 85% of that is long-term conditions. So they come to us with a full file from doctors. They move that file through their very strong technology to more than free from service on to taking risk and the model just works truly well really very quickly and therefore we're very keen to accelerate. We say very good relationships with UnitedHealth, and we're working with them as you know in the Las Vegas area both on centers for enrollment but also, importantly, centers for primary care and of course we continue to expand our partners in primary care model. We've opened three more of them as well. So we continue to believe strongly in the neighborhood destination concept. We believe we'll have to have more partners than just one but at the moment, the partner who really has performed the best for us has been VillageMD and we're very committed to accelerating in the way we described.
Stefano Pessina: You remember probably that we've tried many different formats of clinics, and as always, we try. We are patient and we want to see where we have the return. And with VillageMD, we found the model where we could see a real return in relatively short term or medium term and we see really complement with our pharmacies with what we normally do in a pharmacy. After many trials, we've found that that this model is probably the one which fit best with our pharmacists and when we have seen these, we didnt hesitate to invest heavily in this model.
Alex Gourlay: And just finally, sorry, Charles, I missed LabCorp. LabCorp are really important partners to us. We have over 110, 112 I think is exactly so that really continues and we're developing of course new models with them for testing and I know obviously we'll continue to work very closely with our team. So again we feel very good of our partnership with LabCorp.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the impact, the delta between your online sales and your inside store sales, sort of what they were, what's the difference in gross margin on that and sort of what are your expectations going forward? Is this the new normal or do you expect for traffic to increase in online sales to sort of stay where they are. I would love to get a take on the impact now and sort of what you expect the mix to be going forward?
James Kehoe: Yes. I'll take a bit of a shot at that. Our biggest online business is actually in the UK. Its $500 million plus business and has a very strong position in beauty and what we're looking at right now and I think I said in the prepared remarks foot traffic in our stores was down 85% which is always a tremendous impact in the UK. So effectively it was at a standstill and at the beginning of the crisis, we didn't have enough capacity in our online business, and we exited the quarter with sufficient capacity for the future. So what are we seeing right now, we are seeing in the UK that there is a slow recovery on the High Street, but transactions are still down 46%. Again it's a huge number but our online business over the last weeks and months is running in excess of 120% growth and we would expect that to continue at least for the next quarter. And I think with the job we have now is how do we move this business from being $0.5 billion business to $1 billion business. So we're setting different goals and we actually built one to market to define what we want to do. We want to define a much stronger e-commerce business in the UK where we actually have a very strong set of assets, we have a very powerful loyalty program with I think it's 17 million to 18 million members. The second thing is strong starting position and we clearly want to speak out our number one position as a beauty retail online. Regarding the permanency, I think as you build models in the next year, I think you have to assume that we will have transaction declines for the first half of next year. And I think you will see that as well in the US but it's less exaggerated in the US. But you will also see a very strong online business and to get back to your margin question, this is quite unusual. So in the quarter, we a 78% increase in online sales and that's a weak start for the quarter and running at 120% in May. The biggest issue on margin though is not necessarily the absolute increase in the online margins because we actually have had a very attractive margin profile in the UK on our e-commerce business. The issue is prior to the COVID pandemic, 70% of the orders were picked up in store and right now it's less than 20%. Now the biggest incremental cost we have is the fact that it has a zero cost is somebody is picking it up in store and it's probably cost you $3 to $4 more to actually ship it to somebody's house. So we believe that will reverse but it's probably six months away. So as consumers get much more comfortable coming back for the High Street, they will also become much more comfortable at pickup in store, which will reduce the headwind on margin as we move forward. But this will be a month by month kind of thing where we're actively managing the situation and secondly, we did put in place some short term distribution gap fillers that obviously have a higher cost right now. And as we put in place more permanent Omni channel delivery methods and the cost will come down. The US market is a little different. The margins are not attractive in the US market. It's $300 million to $400 million business. So we're quite behind the competition and maybe I'll pass it over to Alex because we have a very aggressive strategy in mind really built strong Omni channel presence in the US. We do recognize we're behind the market and we're scaling up the investment as we speak. So maybe I'll pass it to Alex and he can bring you through some of the vision for the next 6 to 18 months.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah I think that we'll see one of the key numbers reported was a 200% increase in our mobile app usage which is very encouraging. And therefore, as we see the full decline in physical stores and of course as customers adopt new Omni channel methodologies from how to do the shopping, we are very committed to accelerating in the use of the approximately and the conversion of the app into sales both retail and healthcare sales particularly in Walgreens. You saw an announcement two days ago about the Adobe-Microsoft partnership. That's really about a new approach to marketing, which we've tested for about 12 months and we're really excited by their performance and significant increases in sales and outperformance. So as we go forward, we believe that our ability to personalize our marketing, turn the dollars we spent today into different types of dollars at personalized marketing for customers, we believe that we'll be able to convert more people in mobile app drive as James has said in the UK which has been very successful for us, buy online, pick up in store, also drive-thru windows and convert more and more people into this idea of omnichannel and also platform strategy as I mentioned I think in prepared comments this idea of customer engagement platform is one we're investing in very heavily focused on our pharmacy folks and healthcare, folks in all the partnerships we've created including the VillageMD partnership, as Stefano referred to a few minutes ago. So we remain convinced that our stores are beautifully placed as forward distribution hubs in the communities and we're now investing to make sure as people more and more move to omnichannel ways of getting their goods and services including healthcare we're absolutely convinced that our investment strategy will come through strongly in years ahead.
James Kehoe: And then maybe the part we didn't cover was what's happening in the US front of store. Right now the transactions are down somewhere between 10% and 12%, but the basket size is up considerably. So we're doing a lot of work on retention of customer. But we expect -- we've seen a dramatic improvement over the last weeks as the lockdown relaxed. So currently the transactions are 11%, the drug channel is a channel that was losing transactions over a multiyear period call it 3% to 4%, but the gap is starting to close on transactions, but we're quite surprised, pleasantly surprised by our ability to retain basket size and there is a shift happening in the market where convenient locations have an advantage here that were becoming a destination. It's less frequent right now, but the destination when they come to it or they opt a higher selection.
Alex Gourlay: And just one other number that's important to understand is that we did have a lot more urban stores and some of the direct competition which I think is an advantage in the long term, but the moment the urban areas are most affected by the risk and the fear of the pandemic. So for example in New York City and Manhattan, we have almost 100 stores in Manhattan alone and you can imagine the footfall and the sales and the transaction are heavily down in these markets.
James Kehoe: It's quite interesting because as Alex said, it's very geographically dispersed. So we have a large proportion of our stores are rural and they're up about 8% in the quarter and you've got a small number of urban stores maybe 300 to 400 urban stores and they're down 18%. So as you move out of the big cities, which have disproportionately impacted, our performance is much, much better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: So my question actually kind of picks up right where you left off some of the geographic discussion in the US. I am not sure if you're able to comment on this or not, but some of investors are wondering whether you are seeing any dichotomy in the most recent trends in Sunbelt states like Florida and Texas versus trends in the upper Midwest and Northeast where things are more stable now? So separate from that rural versus urban I think just to keep our focus on the Sunbelt just any comments you can make geographically given some of the investor concerns around rising COVID cases in some key states it might also be helpful, thanks.
Alex Gourlay: The reality is there are hotspots where we're seeing some pantry-loading and then some quieting down. But really broadly, it's pretty consistent apart from the urban areas. So urban areas which James has mentioned. So again the patterns are when you quit down a level or two, so for example, if we take Houston as maybe an example of it, we did see evidence of some pantry-loading a couple of weeks ago, but they are in very specific areas and the trend is not really that clear from the numbers that we're seeing. They are clear trend that go back to what James quoted before as a very clear trend and we're watching this every single day and of course we're continuing to take all the actions we have to take to keep our stores, our pharmacies clean and applying all the rules, which are so important and of course making sure the number one product is keeping our people safe and secure and our customers safe and secure in our primacies. So there is no real trends beyond the one that James has said that we've really picked up.
James Kehoe: We did see slight outperformance in May in Texas and the Southwest on the transaction basis because they relaxed sooner and then but these things are moving around. It's not just any points of growth. It's more like two to three as a difference. It's really Metropolitan compared to rural and suburban. That's where you see the biggest shift.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: I think one thing I would say, and again, it's been well commented is that local smaller stores are doing reasonably well again. So again we feel confident about the addition of our pharmacies and the size of pharmacies. Again national I think is coming through in a lot of market research size for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Alex, I just want to go back to the comment that you made around VillageMD and how well the pilot headcount in Houston in that you've chosen them as your big partnership going forward. What did you measure that on? Did you see a lift in pharmacy comps? Like what's going to be the best metrics for us to look at when we think about the success of partnership? Again is it the pharmacy comp and can you share with us potentially the lifts that you saw?
Alex Gourlay: Yeah so absolutely pharmacy comp is a big one for all the obvious reasons and I think as we said already here, the bring in a full file of patients with them. So these doctors come in with a full file. So from day one, they are writing prescriptions for all the patients who fall then into the surgery. We love this idea of the family doctors. Really clear from market research that the family doctor, the PCP, is the person that people trusted the quarterback of the healthcare system. To put them in partnership in physical stores and in digital assets with their pharmacists and their nurses, then you get the coordinated care in a way that really reduces costs, improves are and particularly helps people to manage long-term conditions that we've described. So that is definitely one driver, along with other health care products which are associated with that doctor's practice and what the doctors recommended and what of course people take the side of the pharmacies as OTC. The other thing that's important to understand in the short term in the MPS score. In the MPS score over 90%, so this is a really fantastic feedback and the way that these particular VillageMDs are designed is really strong from the point of view of your local surgery quite different and I hope youve seen the pictures to what many local surgeries look like today. And last but not least of course they are very good as a practice and as a company with the software they have, they are able to really use that software to help doctors to spot gaps in care and take the best next step so closing, improving star ratings and all the things that really drive the more risk based models, which is very strong in their software and again we expect as we go forward, this will become more and more of our integrated care model and more opportunities for ourselves and other partners to divide the solutions that our long-term patients with chronic conditions needs going forward.
Lisa Gill: Is there a number that you could quantify like so if you think about that specific market and again we're not looking to extrapolate it across that 500 to 700 but just kind of qualitative number you could give us?
Alex Gourlay: Well what I can describe is that Walgreens I guess offer 20% of an average market share. You can expect us to be well above 50% when these -- with all market share when these settle down.
Operator: And our final question today will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Just a feedback on some of the other questions that were asked on the cost side, can you talk in other more detail about where the incremental transformation costs are coming from and then specifically could you comment on how you view CapEx for the rest of this year and how you balance that CapEx spend versus some of the transformational cost, thanks?
James Kehoe: As we look at why did we raise the guidance from a transformational cost management program is the savings were seeing here to date and two is we just have greater visibility for the future programs and the degree of certainty has gone up dramatically and I think we alluded to that on the prior call. So it's not a specific program. It's a combination of programs and over a multiyear period. We did see some delays as a result of COVID and you know we havent moved quite a lot of supply chain and operations people away from transformational cost management program and we estimate that probably cost of program in the year above $45 million but we were easily able to absorb that with other actions to contain costs. So we think if you look against the peer set out there and the amount of incremental overhead, some of them have incurred. We believe that our $100 million in the quarter is quite low number compared to the peer set and we try to manage that as closely as we could. So we think we've done quite well on that. Your cash flow question is a good one. This is kind of interesting because there is a lot of moving pieces here. One is we do estimate that at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $0.5 billion of higher inventory to fulfill the actual volatility in demand and whether that's across pharmacy or across retail, we took a conscious decision that we were privileging having availability in-store and we exited the quarter with very, very strong available. So that $500 million we'll work itself some of it out of the cash flow by the end of the year, but we actually believe that with a risk of a potential second wave, we will probably retain somewhere between $200 million and $300 million of excess inventory at the end of the year and when I say excess that's the cover volatility that's increased significantly. Some of that is offset but a good question on capital programs and a really good example here is we have to half for a period of time our SAP rollout in the US which is a huge program because we couldnt go into a store when they were struggling to fulfill demand in a very complex environment. So we will have a deferral of capital expenditures of probably $150 million to $250 million and I give it deliberately wrong range because I'm not sure how much of that will impact next year. So there will be inventory will probably go down next year compared to this year, but capital expenditure will go up because of deferrals this year and then the last part is there have been some assistance from the US government in terms of the deferral of cash contributions and payroll taxes on that horizon and there's been some in the UK as well. That probably benefit our cash flow to the tune of $300 million. And as you look forward that will work itself out of the system going forward. So in summary we added a lot of inventory $0.5 billion and that was offset by government contributions and the government contributions and the capital expenditures phasing. So we effectively exited the quarter with a zero impact on cash flow as a result of COVID. We do think it's probably a good idea that we keep excess inventory as we exit the year and that will have some impact on the profile next year. I hope that's helpful as you're thinking through the impacts.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back to Gerald Gradwell for closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Lisa and just to say I think that there are a number of you that didnt get to ask questions today. As ever we ran out of time but the IR team are here and available to take your questions over the coming days and weeks. So please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you very much indeed and we look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-04-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance Incorporated Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, for the prepared remarks. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We here at Walgreens Boots Alliance are strictly adhering to the recommended social distancing. So we're doing this call with our executives in different locations. And I would ask you to bear with us if you experience any minor delays or mixed audio quality on the call.On the line with me today is Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance.Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations.Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current markets, competitors, and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. And note in particular that these forward-looking statements may be affected by risks related to the spreading impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic.In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com.After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. And good morning, everyone. Clearly today, everyones attention is very focused on the global COVID-19 pandemic. As you would expect, our priority has to be to protect the health and wellbeing of our customers and our people and we focus on playing our part to address the needs of the communities we serve, and as a key part of the healthcare system in many countries around the world, forming part of the frontline of healthcare delivery. Our teams are working tirelessly to provide medicines and advice to our patients and to ensure the supply chain operates as well as possible in these testing times, both to our own pharmacies and our other wholesale customers.So, I want to start today by thanking our people personally and on behalf of my fellow management and Board members for their outstanding efforts and dedication, despite the frequently facing extremely challenging situations in the service of their communities. And for our customers, I want to assure you that we will continue to work hard to help you manage your health and get through these very difficult times. I myself, alongside all our executive team, have been very focused on facilitating and coordinating our response to the current pandemic of the recent weeks, and we continue to do so until we can see the end of the immediate need. But I can assure you that despite the challenges of this difficult time, we continue to exercise our usual manage and control of all areas of our company.Lets say, as you have seen from our announcement today, we have had a quarter slightly ahead of our expectations, which James will take you through in details in a moment. And we have continued to make good progress in the delivery of our four strategic priorities, which we remain convinced with regard to capabilities we need to allow our business to thrive in the long-term.While we deal with the immediate priorities, we continue our work to deliver our strategic initiative and drive our company forward. However, the current situation might lead to some delays in the work to renew and refocus our business. We reported second quarter performance demonstrating the company was well on track to deliver against our expectation for the full year. It is, however, much too early to confirm the full financial impact of the actions we are taking. To address the government advice, till June, we refrain. I will ask James to give you an overview of the second quarter results. And then, me and Alex will discuss the impact of COVID-19 so far. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. Adjusted EPS was $1.52 in the second quarter, 7.3% lower than prior year on a constant currency basis. Overall, the second quarter came in better than we expected. With the upside coming from our U.S. retail business, and better cost management in the U.S.As I flagged on our last earnings call, we were facing two major headwinds in the second quarter: the year-on-year bonus impact and the true-up of a reimbursement contract. I highlighted the second quarter adjusted EPS headwind of around 13% for these two items combined.In Retail Pharmacy USA, we delivered sequential improvement in both prescription growth and retail comps. Retail Pharmacy International continued to be held back by a challenging UK market, and Pharmaceutical Wholesale delivered yet another strong set of results.The Transformational Cost Management Program remains very much on track. And we continue to expect annual cost savings in excess of $1.8 billion by 2022. As with our first quarter, cash generation was very strong in the second quarter. Free cash flow for the first half of the year was $1.8 billion and this was almost $1.4 billion better than prior year.Turning now to guidance. Stefano has already mentioned that we were well on track to confirm our full year adjusted EPS guidance. Second quarter EPS was ahead of our expectations. We delivered sequential improvement in our U.S. sales comps and a majority of our business initiatives were on track, including cash generation and the Transformational Cost Management Program.However, given the many rapidly changing variables related to the COVID-19 pandemic, right now, we are not in a position to accurately forecast the future impacts of COVID-19. While the situation is temporary, it is quite difficult to develop informed projections about the severity and duration across multiple markets. I will come back to the COVID-19 topic in a few minutes.Let's now look at in more detail at the results. Second quarter sales were up 3.7%, including an adverse currency impact of 0.4%. On a constant currency basis sales rose 4.1%, including the headwind from store optimization of around 0.5%. We did see increased demand in the last few days of the quarter as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. But it did not have a material impact on the quarter's results. We estimate a favorable sales impact of around 10 basis points of growth.Adjusted operating income declined 12% on a constant currency basis, mainly due to a lower pharmacy gross margin in the U.S. and the year-on-year bonus impacts, partly offset by the benefit of the Transformational Cost Management Program and solid growth from our U.S. retail business. Adjusted EPS was $1.52, a constant currency decline of 7.3%.Our share repurchase program contributed 2.6 percentage points of growth, and this was partly offset by 0.5 percentage point headwind from tax rate. GAAP EPS declined 14% to $1.07, including the negative impact from our share of AmerisourceBergen's impairment of pharMEDium.Let's turn now to the financial highlights for the first half of the year. Sales increased 2.7% including the currency headwind of 0.5%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 3.2% mainly due to U.S. pharmacy sales and strong performance from Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Bear in mind that the constant currency growth rate includes a headwind from store optimization of 0.4%.On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS declined 6.5%. Our share repurchase program contributed 3.2 percentage points of growth, and a lower tax rate contributed 2.4 percentage points as we benefited from discrete tax items.Now let's look at the performance of our divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. As this is a leap year, our second quarter results have benefited from one extra day of sales. We have adjusted all comp sales and comp prescription numbers to include only the first 28 days of February. Sales increased 3.8% in the quarter with improved comp growth in both pharmacy and retail. The result was held back by a 70 basis point impact from our store optimization programs. Total comp sales increased 2.7%, a sequential improvement of 110 basis points versus the first quarter.Adjusted gross profit declined 3.7% entirely due to a lower pharmacy margin and only partly offset by higher retail gross profit as a result of improved margin delivery across all key categories.Absolute adjusted SG&A spend was 0.8% lower than prior year as the Transformational Cost Management Program savings more than offset the year-on-year bonus impact of 2%, higher investments in IT and digital of 0.4% and general inflationary pressures. Adjusted SG&A was 16.9% of sales, an improvement of 0.8 percentage points versus prior year. Adjusted operating income declined 12.9%. This was negatively impacted by the year-on-year bonus impact, the true-up of a reimbursement contract, and incremental investments in digital and development. In total, these had an impact of around 17 percentage points of operating income growth.Now, let's look in more detail at our pharmacy business. Total pharmacy sales increased 5.3% versus prior year, reflecting higher brand inflation, comp script growth and strong growth in central specialty, partly offset by the store optimization program. Central specialty sales continued to grow nicely, up 17.7% versus prior year. Comp pharmacy sales were up 3.7% and comp scripts grew 4.9% compared to 2.8% growth in the first quarter, aided by improved Medicare Part D performance and a favorable cough/cold/flu season. Market share for the quarter was 21%, down 50 basis points versus last year, including the negative impact of our store optimization programs.Adjusted gross profit decreased year-on-year as the impact of script growth and procurement savings was more than offset by reimbursement pressure. As a reminder, the second quarter included the contract true-up I mentioned earlier, with an impact of around 60 basis points on gross margin.Turning next to our U.S. retail business. Retail sales declined 0.3% in the quarter, entirely due to store optimization. We delivered sequential improvement in comp retail sales in the quarter. Comp sales increased 0.6% and excluding tobacco and e-cigarettes comps were up 1.9%.The cough/cold/flu season was favorable this year, and contributed around 80 basis points to the growth rate. While increased demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic was not material to WBA's overall result, it did contribute around 40 basis points of growth for the U.S. retail business. The sequential improvement in sales growth was led by our flagship health and wellness business, which grew 6.7% and by personal care, which was up 2.3%. Beauty was flat in the quarter, but was up 0.9% in the first half. Adjusted gross profit increased low-single-digit coming from solid comp growth and higher gross margin across all key categories.Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International and I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Sales declined 1.7% due to challenging market conditions in the UK, civil unrest in Chile and a decline in Chinese tourists to Thailand. Boots UK Pharmacy comp sales increased 1.8% in the quarter, with favorable NHS with reimbursement phasing, partially offset by lower script volume. Boots UK comp retail sales declined 4.6% in a declining UK market.Overall, we held market share in our categories led by continued strong share gains in premium beauty. Adjusted operating income was down 24% mostly due to lower retail sales volume and margin in the UK with over 7 percentage points due to the year-on-year bonus impact and higher technology investments.Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I will also discuss in constant currency. The Pharmaceutical Wholesale division delivered another strong quarter, with sales up 8% led by emerging markets and the UK. Adjusted operating income increased 5.2% reflecting strong revenue growth, and a higher contribution from AmerisourceBergen partially offset by lower gross margin.Turning next to cash flow. Free cash flow was strong with $1.8 billion delivered in the first half of the year, up an impressive $1.4 billion on the same period last year. This reflects strong working capital performance of $1.8 billion on a prior year headwind related to cash tax payments of $290 million. We did see some favorable timing in the quarter, and we expect this will reverse during the course of the third quarter. Lastly, we have increased our purchases in key categories as we realigned with recent demand spikes. This may lead to some volatility in inventory levels during the course of the third quarter.Let's turn now to our Transformational Cost Management Program. We are well on track to deliver in excess of $1.8 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal 2022. On smart spend, we have moved quickly. We are conducting significant contract renewals and goods not for resale, with further savings potential as we implement new operating models with these vendors. Interestingly, this can be a win-win also for the vendors.We are bundling our scale, reducing the number of suppliers and offering larger volume of business in return for lower costs and outcome based contracts that drive long-term business value. On smart organization, we simplified the field organization structure in Boots UK, and are conducting end-to-end operating model reviews across all of our businesses. We have closed 116 of the 200 Walgreens stores targeted for closure and 40 of the 200 Boots UK stores.We are moving swiftly ahead on shared services. We have already started the implementation of a new IT operating model and we are transitioning activities to Tata Consulting Services. As I said before, the savings generated through our Transformational Cost Management Program will allow us to fund the investments needed to create new and innovative business models, save, to invest, to grow.However, it is important to highlight that COVID-19 is having a short-term impact on a number of enterprise initiatives. We have temporarily refocused select resources from the Transformational Cost Management Program to work on mitigating the COVID-19 impacts that are facing us right now. And we are selectively deferring investments.One example here is that we are delaying our SAP rollout in the U.S. as it would not be prudent to roll out new systems in the stores when our team members need to be 100% focused on delivering world class customer service in a challenging operating environment. Nevertheless, we remain confident that we will deliver or exceed our long-term cost saving goals.Now, I'll hand it over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. First, I'll update you on some of the initiatives we have undertaken in the quarter, both in the U.S. and in the UK. Im then going to discuss the impact of COVID-19. Starting with U.S. retail, the grocery trials were undertaking with Kroger are performing well. As a reminder, we're trialing different approaches in our 50 pilot stores from a full Kroger Express offer with ambient and fresh produce to an ambient-only range. Also, Kroger continues to trial Walgreens health and beauty ranges in 17 of their Knoxville stores. Our joint buying group is up and running and we will update you further on the partnership as things progress. Levering our digital partnerships and investments we have made in data capabilities, we are now starting to realize the benefits of our new personalized marketing approach which generated an approximate sales lift of 1% in the quarter.Also in the quarter, our flagship No7 brand performed well, up around 7% supported by a nationwide TV campaign. In U.S. pharmacy, the Walgreens Express service, which allows patients to order scripts online, pay in advance and collect in store at a dedicated checkout line is now being used by over 1 million patients.Turning next to primary care. All five VillageMD locations are now open. With UnitedHealthcare, as expected, weve opened four of the 14 targeted resource centers. And with partners in primary care, we have opened two locations in the quarter, taking the total to five. We are pleased with the progress of all three partnerships to-date. And LabCorp is now operating in 109 Walgreen sites across 12 states as planned.Turning to digital initiatives, which continue to gather momentum. Our Save A Trip Refill program has over 3 million members signed up, an increase of 4% since the first quarter. We are now including Save A Trip Refills in our calculation of Walgreens digitally-initiated sales. The combined total was up around 7% versus the same quarter last year.Our Find Care platform now has 32 healthcare providers spanning 40 services and visits increased to 2 million in the quarter, up 40% since the first quarter. Also in the quarter, we participated in a funding round of a healthcare engagement platform, BeWell, which complements Find Care. Our Walgreens app has now been downloaded 62 million times, up 22% year-on-year in the quarter and up 12% year-to-date. And finally with Microsoft, we are making strong progress, including moving up locations to the cloud. In particular, we moved our SAP HANA S/4 application to the cloud, which was a significant achievement.Next, Boots UK. Our actions this quarter have been focused on premium beauty and acceleration of digital operations, particularly in healthcare. Weve launched an innovative online pharmacy solution with LIVI and Boots.com. Customers will be able to book video consultations with general practitioners and follow-up sessions with Boots pharmacists, initially in store, and in the future, online. We continued to gain market share in premium beauty in the quarter, and we introduced nine new beauty brands, including [Huda] Beauty, taking our total number of new brands to 48.We have successfully digitalized the Boots Advantage card, which now has 1.2 million users. And weve also accelerated usage of the Boots app, with downloads increasing 76% in the quarter versus last year. The app now has 3 million active users, which we believe makes it the largest pharmacy health and beauty up in the UK. And Boots.com continued to see strong growth with sales up 23% in the quarter. Of course, weve seen huge changes in the UK in the past 10 days or so as a result of COVID-19. So now I would like to provide some context.Before I start, I want to express my heartfelt thanks to all my colleagues who have done so much to work together and collaborate with others to take care of the communities we serve in this extraordinary moment. It makes me very proud to work for this pharmacy-led healthcare company. As a healthcare company, we are on the frontline of the pandemic. And our number one priority is the safety and well-being of our customers, patients and colleagues.We are well positioned across the many markets we operate in to provide healthcare in the community through our stores and our distribution networks. Our colleagues are working tirelessly to provide medicine, services and advice. To ensure we meet the needs of our customers and patients, we are keeping our stores and pharmacies open. Were working to keep essential products in stores, provide additional materials to help ensure they are clean and operate to state and federal COVID-19 guidance and weve expanded the use of drive-thru locations.We are also focusing on home delivery. Weve waived delivery fees for eligible prescriptions in both the U.S. and the UK. And were offering free delivery on Walgreens.com. And on Tuesday, we announced the expansion of our partnership with Postmates with on-demand delivery now available in over 7,000 pharmacies nationwide. Were also expanding the availability of our digital services to connect with our customers through Find Care and a 24/7 pharmacy chat.Weve seen strong growth in many essential categories in the month of March, including online pharmacy on Walgreens.com as we focus on home deliveries of prescription items, healthcare and daily living products. And more recently, as a consequence of the temporary restrictions on movement, we have noticed less consumer spending in discretionary items such as beauty, photographic and seasonal and the drop-off in foot traffic.Were also working closely with governments and business partners. In coordination with the U.S. government health officials, we are working to provide drive-thru testing sites. And in the UK, Boots is working with the NHS and Department of Health to provide COVID-19 testing for key workers and to provide support to a number of other ways during this crisis. And both Walgreens and Boots are providing customers with official government advice through dedicated emails, our websites and in-store information.Were also working with health plans, physicians and governments to provide access to medications. In this U.S., this includes 90-day refills and early refill authorizations. In short, were doing all we can to reduce the stress on our customers, and we want to thank all our partners that are being very helpful in this endeavor.As you know, we have a very broad footprint reaching communities throughout our nationwide pharmacy network and through our online services. In the U.S., we have a convenient access to critical essential items. We have a wide range of over-the-counter health and wellness products, and a consistent supply of pharmaceutical drugs. In summary, we are fully committed to giving our communities as much support as we can in these very uncertain times.As I said upfront, our people in the frontline are doing fantastic and critical work and we must also support their health and wellness. To do this, we are taking a number of actions, including providing expanded temporary benefits for certain team members, protective measures and wellbeing resources.I would like to finish where I started, by giving my heartfelt thanks to everyone who is providing care to the communities we support at this critical moment.Back to James.
James Kehoe: Now I would like to provide some context around the potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. Clearly, the full impact of COVID-19 wont be known for months. However, whats important right now is that we are proactively managing the immediate challenges and playing an important role for our customers. However, the situation is quite fluid and we expect considerable volatility as the situation evolves over the coming weeks and months.At present, were seeing a number of puts and takes. In the U.S., we saw very strong sales in the first three weeks of March as customers accelerated their purchases across multiple categories. However, we are now seeing declining sales trends, especially in quarantined areas. While it is difficult to predict future sales, realistically, we expect to see future destocking by our customers and short-term sales may be negatively impacted by lower foot traffic. This is particularly evident in discretionary categories such as beauty and photo as customers redirect spending to everyday essential categories.Let me talk you through what we saw in March. While we have not yet closed the books for March, we do have good visibility to our sales performance. In Walgreens, comp retail sales grew by around 14% in the month, led by 32% growth in health and wellness and 28% growth from our grocery category, partially offset by declines in discretionary categories such as beauty and seasonal. But there were two very distinct periods in March. We delivered comp sales growth of 26% in the first 21 days of the month. However, post-March 21st, the comp sales trends turned negative with the last week of the month running at a mid-teens rate of decline. Obviously, if this trend continues for an extended period, it will quickly offset the sales uplift seen in the first 21 days of March.Prescription saw similar trends, though less pronounced, with declines post-March 21st, reflecting the pull forward of scripts into the earlier part of the month and lower foot traffic. In the UK, we also saw strong initial sales trends. But the UK is now effectively on lockdown and this has led to a significant decline in high street footfall. Again, were seeing a similar trend in discretionary items with a significant decline in our beauty business and we have deferred key growth initiatives.For the moment, weve halted new product launches and weve postponed the planned rollout of our beauty halls to new locations.In March, our UK sales declined by around 8%. Mid single-digit growth in pharmacy did not offset a mid-teens decline in retail sales. But it is the exit trends that are concerning. Retail sales declined by 65% over the last 10 days as high street foot traffic reduced significantly and consumers diverted spending away from discretionary products.That being said, we are confident that this is a temporary situation and we would expect to see some stabilization of sales trends over time, given that our pharmacies are designated essential services and are therefore among the few retail locations remaining open. Additionally, in line with current advice, we have closed our opticians and hearing care businesses in the UK, except for 22 optician hubs providing emergency treatments. Once the restrictions are removed, we will rapidly reopen our 600 stores and expect a reasonably quick recovery. With regard to other businesses, we have seen a spike in demand across our main Pharmaceutical Wholesale markets throughout the month of March.Our hospital supply business contributed to an increase in sales in the high-teens on the back of additional investments to support customer demand. Generally, we saw increased demand in March across other retail markets, with the exception of Thailand which has been heavily impacted by a significant decline in tourism from the key Chinese market. On the flip side, our China retail JV is performing very well and we are seeing significant revenue upside.Turning to costs, we estimate an overall cost impact of around $65 million in March, mostly relating to employee benefits and store operations and supply chain costs. A number of these costs may not repeat in future months. Future cost impacts are highly dependent on the duration of the pandemic across multiple markets, the available assistance from governments, and our ability to mitigate cost. Youre also well aware of the stock availability restrictions in a number of categories and we have significantly increased our purchases across a number of key categories to provide availability of critical products for our customers.Obviously, we may see some impact on inventory levels as supply and demand realign over the coming months.Finally, and importantly, managing through COVID-19 requires a huge investment of time and resources across the entire enterprise. Faced with the current situation, we are very focused on mitigating COVID-19 and sometimes we are pulling resources and management time away from other value-added activities. So, its clear that there are a lot of moving pieces. After seeing buoyant sales trends in the first three weeks of March, we have begun to see some negative trends as lockdowns are put in place. However, we do expect the COVID-19 impact on March month to be broadly neutral with revenue upside in the US, offsetting higher operational costs and significant sales declines in the UK.As we look forward, given the number of moving parts, we cannot provide reliable estimates as to the potential impact of COVID-19 for the fiscal year. It is highly dependent upon the severity and duration of the pandemic across multiple markets. Finally, I would highlight that this should be a temporary situation. And whats important is that we are proactively managing the impacts, while continuing to make progress against our strategic priorities. Our fundamentals are sound and we are convinced we will exit this global crisis in a strong position.Let me now pass it back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. So as I said in my opening comments, the quarter we have reported today has been slightly ahead of our expectations. But it is too early to know what the net impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will be on our performance for the year as a whole. You have heard from Alex and James about some of the work our teams are doing across our company to address the current situation and support the communities we serve. The situation we are in emphasizes the importance of community pharmacy playing a very active frontline role in the wider delivery of healthcare and the health of the community. This is precisely why a strong and healthy community pharmacy sector is a sizable part of any effective healthcare system. This is why we are also so committed to the sector and continue to invest in it.We must remember that the current restrictions in our markets are temporary. Over the coming weeks and months, they will change and eventually we will return to a more normal operating environment. As pharmacy operators, our priority is to provide the medication and healthcare products that the people need to manage and maintain their health. Keeping our pharmacies open and well stocked is valuable. And it is also important to remember that in many areas improving local convenience retail offering is also an important service to the community. To do that, the importance of the supply chain cannot be overstated. Our own pharmacies and stores cannot operate without regular and reliable supply of medicines and goods. It is a foundation of our business and of the great many other businesses we serve as healthcare distributor. Maintaining this essential supply into the very heart of the community has been a key to our global response to the current crisis.As you might expect, our pharmacies are not only facing the significant decreases in demand for medication, personal care and preventative or protective products, but also significant increase in people seeking advice and information from our teams. And we are operating services on a local level to ensure that those there are self-isolating in addition to those who face difficulties getting to our pharmacies have access to the medicines they need. We are working closely with government, regulators, states and local and national health systems to ensure we are doing what we can to use our service and infrastructure to support the fight against the coronavirus. And in number of countries we are already operating testing stations to provide virus testing for key workers. Here we would expect to stand and where we can.Our experience in addressing the challenges of the virus reiterates to us the need of the way pharmacy operates to evolve so that we are even better today to play an enhanced role in the provision of healthcare looking forward. We have understood this for some time and believe that the combination of a strong local presence, supported by an efficient and reliable global supply chain with state-of-the-art logistics and with new thinking, analytics, artificial intelligence and insights of a truly digitalized organization and the fully omnichannel customer interaction in the future for pharmacy.This is why we see that's so important to deliver on our key strategic priorities to bring together the element of this future pharmacy service and prepare us for the opportunities we face. I am convinced that this is the way forward for our business and that we are well positioned to come through this current period well and emerge as an even stronger business that we are today.At the time of great uncertainty for all of us locally and globally for our customers, team members and our investors, we are in a good position to meet the immediate challenges we face and to invest in the future. Seeing this organization in action, providing service and care in the health of communities as a key part of the national healthcare infrastructure in a period of great fabric need confirms my belief in the importance of the role that we play and gives me even greater confidence in the future for our business.Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Good morning, team, and thank you very much for taking the questions and glad to hear that everybody is kind of sequestering themselves well to stay safe. And I appreciate all the color on March. I guess, Alex, and James, I'd ask, you talked about the acceleration in scripts sharply in the first part of the month in March and kind of falling down in the last week. I guess is there a way to normalize what the script trend looks like for March? And then if we look at the last week, has the growth just slowed or have scripts actually gone negative? And I have a very brief follow-up.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, George. It's Alex here. It is really hard. I mean during the prepared remarks, James has given a lot of I think detail on what we know, and we don't have a lot to add to that. What we think has happened is people have to forward their scripts and got bigger quantities of scripts, just as the situation began to develop, particularly in the middle two weeks of March. And therefore, we think there has been some stockpiling, if you like, of prescriptions. But really it's too early to tell if there's any fundamental change to trends. We don't think there has been, but as we said in the prepared remarks, we really don't know yet. And of course, we're keeping a very close eye on the situation.
James Kehoe: Yes, it's a little tricky, but we estimate on a sales call adjusted basis, it's probably mid-single-digit, pretty similar to the second quarter, but a fairly significant uplift in the first 20 days of the month and falling off. It does fall off into negative territory, but that's actually a direct result of lower footfall and people actually respecting the instructions to stay at home. I think we'll get more stability as we look forward into the future months.
George Hill: That's helpful. And then maybe a brief follow-up is, you guys have the benefit of doing business in some of the countries that are further off the infection curves as it relates to COVID-19. I guess, is there any way to extrapolate what has happened in countries like Italy, kind of into the United States and what those implications for the business would be?
James Kehoe: I think you will find that money markets are quite different. And I'm not sure you should use them as analogs. So what we saw in China, which was the market that was first hit is, it's a business that was growing high-teens before. It ramped up at the peak of the crisis to be up in the 50% growth. And right now as it's back to stability, it's actually still growing very strongly, actually above high-teens. So I think what we've seen in China is remarkable. It is consistent and increased demand for pharmacy products. We don't have a big presence in retail in the -- in Italy, so we can't see it more directly. But I don't think China should be taken as an analog for the U.S.And let me pass it over to Stefano because he has -- probably has a point of view on this.
Stefano Pessina: Yes. Well, I have followed surely Italy high day-by-day. And I can tell you that the lockdown had quite a significant impact on the pharmacies. Initially the pharmacy were doing very, very well, up to 70% versus prior year. And after the lockdown, of course, it is really difficult for people to go to the pharmacies. And they are now trying to use all the stocks, let's say, they had at home and they go to the pharmacy just if it is strictly necessary. So we can see a substantial reduction in the sales of the pharmacies. But we see slowly this creeping up. And we have also to say that the lockdown in Italy has been quite extreme. People who are found in the street and they don't have a good reason to be there are fined at EUR5,000. So it's a big -- of course, it's a big incentive to stay at home.Now probably at the end of this month of April, the lockdown would be reduced. Apparently, they want to start to relax this lockdown because the economy is suffering dramatically, as you can imagine. And we will see for sure the sales in the pharmacy pickup quite strongly, even because the people will be out of stock.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cherny from BofA Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And I'll echo George's comments, hope everyone is staying safe during this. I want to dive a little bit into the cost side. Odd dynamic you have in place on -- you mentioned all the investments that you're making to help people within the stores to promote cleanliness, et cetera. At the same time, in the event that these revenue trends, would it be slightly longer than the incredibly short-term dynamic, there could be some potential or desire or need for flexing the cost side. Given the sheer magnitude of uncertainty you're seeing right now and especially across the U.S., a lot of these rolling shutdowns and rolling closures, how do you prepare some of that variable cost side across your business to account for the lack of demand you might see in some of these areas that are especially going through the newer levels of shutdown? And is there any level of variability that you do want to pursue alongside also the investments you're making within the cleanliness of the stores and the employee base?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Michael. It's Alex here, and thanks for question. I hope you're also doing well and safe. I think it's a great question, because it goes to the root of what Richard Ashworth and the team have done I think fantastically well in the U.S. and team in the UK by having to react day-to-day. I'll give you a couple of examples to bring it to life. For example, in the Las Vegas strip, we have a number of very strong stores, but you can imagine, that strip is now closed. And therefore, we've had to -- as you say, we've had to adjust the cost base and take care of our people in these very strong stores in our marketplace. Yes, there are other markets where the number of prescriptions being sold, number of customers seeking advice have increased. There's also our online businesses which have increased remarkably.We gave some stats in the prepared remarks, and we've been really adjusting quickly to make sure that we can service customers in different ways, as we said, to our Postmates relationship, through increasing capacity in our online warehouses and making sure that we are able to accommodate more people in the areas of the country where people are coming during this period of time. So we're doing both sides of this rapidly. We have a very flexible model, and Richard and team are driving that very strongly. There are other areas, I'll maybe pass on to James now to maybe speak about some of the other areas, which are maybe more fixed costs, where again, we are absolutely looking to see what we can do with these fixed costs and expecting support from partners.
James Kehoe: Just as an example, they -- I think your question is a good one. The $65 million, we don't expect to continue into future periods because a number of things will happen. We'll get more efficient in how we're managing the day-to-day operations in the new environment. And the second thing is, we will be taking cost containment measures because we have to try and mitigate the impacts on the cost side. So we would guess and it's -- literally at this stage is -- we would say the $65 million next month would come down to a $30 million to $40 million range and that is assuming a full shutdown. If the shutdown was to continue into June, we then would -- actually into May, we would actually project that we could offset all the incremental costs because by that stage, we would have found areas of mitigation.One example here in the UK is, you will have noted from our prepared comments that our opticians practices were basically closed and we're quite a big player with 600 stores within stores in the UK, and we have furloughed every store and all the employees and the British government basically pays 80% of the cost of the furloughed employees up to $2,500 a month. So the actions are being taken, they're pretty rapid. But I think you're right, the cost can't be allowed to increase into perpetuity. So we will have to find the offsets. And I hope that answers your question.
Michael Cherny: No, it does, James. And then one very quick additional question just for you. Any commentary on the planned capital deployment, share repurchases, any thoughts around the dividend, just anything there that might be adjusted or changed based on what you're seeing right now?
James Kehoe: Yes, good question. Some of our competitors have made immediate moves. We've had robust discussions about it in here. We remain convinced as to the long-term capability of the company to come out of this stronger. We're very confident in our cash flows, and you saw the quarter, we had, like Q1, we did $1.8 billion in the first half and we're $1.4 billion in what we did this time last year. So we're probably, right now, over-delivering against the working capital programs we set out. We've said we were going to take out about a $1 billion of working capital. The year-to-date benefit was $1.8 billion. Some of that is phasing, but we're feeling very good about the cash position.We did note, however, the commercial paper markets dried up pretty quickly and we put our backstops in place as quickly as that. And we're actively in the market talking to banking partners and we've -- just yesterday, we secured a bilateral funding of about $750 million. So we are putting in place what we internally call black swan funding for events we actually don't think will happen. But we're quite conservative from that point of view. Given that context, we are actually very happy with our capital structure. We're very happy with our capital allocation policy and we've decided for the moment to continue with the share repurchase program, which you'll recall, last year, we repurchased $3.8 billion. This year, it's $1.7 billion, which is already 50% below what we were doing this time last year. So we're already lower.And on dividends, this is a company that's increased dividends since -- I think has paid a dividend since 1934 and our dividend policy is extremely clear, which is to increase dividends every year and it's a simplistic policy. But we have no intention to changing that policy in the short-term. And this is all on the basis of -- we believe in the strength and the tremendous work -- tremendous cash flow generation capability of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: My question is focused on the testing. You mentioned that you were doing some testing, some drive-thrus area. But as screening is becoming an increasing area of focus, when do you think you'll be able to get up and running? What type of volume do you think you can accommodate?
Alex Gourlay: Thanks Ricky. It's Alex here. In the U.S., we have the pilots in place in the Chicago land area. It's doing about 150 tests a day. And we're very much under the direction of the government, and we're working very closely with the government and we're waiting really to see exactly what their plans are to accelerate the testing and the screening, as you said. So really, we don't have a lot more information at this stage. Things are under review constantly every single day, senior people are having conversations with officials in the government, both at the state and the federal level. And we will play our part. We will do all we can to make sure that we are there to test people, if it's appropriate to do it in Walgreens premises using Walgreens personnel.Another point here is that, of course, our people have stepped forward and volunteered to do this, which again is a great example of the commitment we have as a company to [America]. I think, Stef, would you want to make some comments on testing as well. I know you've also been involved.
Stefano Pessina: Yes, you probably know that many people are now working on new tests and vaccine. And I believe that in the very short-term, we will have new opportunities and new test that would be much easier and much quicker. And many of these tests or probably some of these tests will be able to be self-administrating. So the reality, at that point, we will be able to really have a mass screening. Until we don't have these kind of tests, of course the operation of testing people will be necessarily relatively small. You see what is happening even in countries that have had this emergency for one month or more. And you see that the level of testing of course is in relative terms higher than in the U.S. but is not still a mass screening. Until we don't have new test, I don't believe that we will be able to test a big part of the population.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And just one quick follow-up. You gave a lot of detail on what you're seeing on the front end and the decline you're seeing in beauty, in groceries. So can you just help remind us -- kind of like give us a sense of the margin profile of the discretionary products that you're seeing, decline versus the back end in the pharmacy script?
James Kehoe: Sorry. And maybe I'll ask Alex to weigh in. One thing I do want to emphasize is that the performance we're seeing is actually very consistent or I would even say slightly better in some categories than the rest of the retailers who remain open. And I don't want that to be lost on people. So we were up 21% -- 26% in the first 21 days in the U.S., and frankly it was that feeling of euphoria across the business. The key driver in here is our health and wellness business, which is our flagship, and that's up in the 30% range in that year-to-date period, actually on the full month period. So, I think a good way to think about this is any margin we lose on the beauty business -- and I think beauty in the month of March was down about 9% and then the health and wellness business was up 30-plus percent, both of those businesses have a similar gross margin. So they're equally profitable.And then the food grocery category, which was up 28% in the month, so quite a large increase, that has a margin of about, I would call it, 7 to 8 points lower than either beauty or health and wellness. So I think there are category shifts. The margins will be slightly impacted, but not to the extent some retailers pointed out because our health and wellness business is probably the most profitable business and that's growing the fastest in the current environment. And then the fall off, obviously in the second half -- second -- last 10 days, we attribute totally to the shutdowns that occurred. It's actually good to see the people stay at home, that's a positive thing. We believe there will be a gradual come back to this even when there is a slowdown.So if we're looking into April, we don't think the last 10 days are the best reflection of what will happen in April. We think April will be probably down, but there will be recovery as stocks work their way out of the system and people start going back to some of the old purchasing behaviors. So we're actually quite pleased with the performance compared to the market. And we won't be seeing the same kind of margin issue as some other players.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. My only item, and James covered it well, Ricky. I think that this is temporary. There's a very clear moment in time when the lockdown happened, okay, maybe happened on different days and sometimes different weeks, for example, Florida more or less goes to full lockdown I think today. But this we think is a temporary situation and we believe that the evidence is very clear that discretionary spending will come back, particularly in areas like beauty, which are really well known for being place where people spend when things are tougher. So again, I don't have anything to add to the details James has given, but I think I would just add to the point, this is temporary.Maybe just turning a bit to the UK, if that's okay. The UK, as you know, is a much bigger beauty business and the beauty business has been doing very well in recent times in the UK. And also it's much more of a high street business. And the situation in the UK was almost a complete lockdown except for grocery and pharmacy, and healthcare when it kicked off. So therefore, we are seeing more impact in the UK, as James has commented on in his prepared remarks. But again, we believe that business will come back when the temporary situation in the UK is also over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: I just really want to better understand two things. So I agree this will be temporary, obviously nobody knows the exact timeline. But as we come out of COVID-19, what do you think some of the recent trends that you're seeing whether it's digital, demand for home delivery that will stick going forward? And what does that potentially mean for your business? Would be my first question. And then secondly, there is this belief that's emerging that exiting COVID-19 we could move more toward the recessionary environment here in the U.S. What are some of the lessons you learned from back in that 2008, 2009 timeframe to really prepare your business? And what are your thoughts if we are to move towards a recessionary environment?
Alex Gourlay: So I think Stef would like take that question first of all.
Stefano Pessina: Yes. I will answer to the second question first. At the time we had just bought Boots and we found that sticking it to our fundamental we had a very good outcome. We focused on the work we were doing in the stores in improving the service. We didn't try to reduce costs too much because we wanted to be able to deliver a good service and to be ready when the market changed, and this proved to be very, very successful. And while many other companies were having problem, we did in reality very well. So one of the things that we have learned is that you don't have to panic, you have to accept certain temporary costs and keep the organization working.On the timing, it depends. If the coronavirus will go back, let's say in a short period of time, let's say one month, then we will have, I would say, a summer storm and people will go back to their habits quite soon. If we will have a hurricane and not a summer storm, the world will be different later on, many things will have changed, the habits of people will be different. And for sure also many industries will be hit in a dramatic way. Other industries, like ours, mainly pharmacies, mainly dealing with drugs, with medicines or with disease, other industries will suffer less. But for sure they'll have to change the way they work.In reality, we are always working in this direction. We have said for the last year or so, maybe a couple of years that we want to digitalize the company, we want to really change the way we work, focusing more on customers. And this strategy will prove to be the right strategy even more. It will be the right strategy in any case. But if the environment will change substantially, this strategy will be even more important.
James Kehoe: I wonder if I could just add something, Lisa. I think it's important to point out that we're operating from a relative position of strength. We're coming out of a quarter where we actually did what we said we would do in terms of getting our sequential comps in the U.S. back where they need to be. We beat the EPS which was coming out of the U.S. retail business and good cost control. Our cash flow performance is excellent. So we're sitting here looking at this and we've the crisis in front of us. We do believe -- and I think your question is a good one, we do need to turn this into an advantage. This has proven what we've known that having convenient -- 9,000 convenient locations across the U.S. is a strength. It's also -- what we've seen is, we saw in the quarter that and we accelerated mass personalization in the U.S. and got 100 basis point uplift. I think we will find ourselves dramatically accelerating our digital journey over the next 6 months to 12 months. And what we found is it's amazing what technology stuff we could get done in two weeks in a crisis when we needed to help the average consumer and how long we normally take to get it done. So I think there needs to be -- it will generate enhanced agility across the entire industry and I think it will speed up our digital agenda. And I think you're right, there is a transformation coming.I think the other part, you were kind of alluding to it, I think the recession entirely depends on the duration of the lockdown; and then secondly, the size of the stimulus in the U.S. I'm not underestimating the ability of the U.S. economy through stimulus, but really regenerate economic growth very strongly. And I think the one thing we've seen out of past recessions, and it's not a worldwide comment, is that the most resilient consumer in the world is in the U.S. market. So I'm not -- that's not what we're hoping for, but I think that you will find a fairly rapid rebound. And I think the general size of the stimulus in the U.S. is massive and it's the right thing to be doing to ensure that the economy stays on the path. So I'm not saying I'm not concerned. What I was saying is, the right moves are being taken.That being said, I think there will be a re-rating here. And if you look at that, the market has changed substantially. And when we were on the phone rounding up, back up debt facilities, we were emphasizing that our relative credit rating is far stronger than some other sectors right now. And then there will be a re-rating. People will start examining the assets in the market and say, well, hold on a second, stable cash flow. So this is why we do feel that we will come out stronger in terms of rating of the company from debt capacity, the ability of the company to weather a storm like this. And you're right that we have to turn it into now to accelerate our long-term digital agenda and against our four strategic priorities. So I totally agree with your point.
Operator: And your last question comes from Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: So within the investment community, the discussion around the potential risk of prescription drugs, supply shortages seem to be more topical about four to five weeks ago versus what it is today. But nevertheless, are you able to discuss any new initiatives that Walgreens has in place within Med D to potentially prevent any prescription drug shortages across your operations globally? And are there any issues related to export bans out of certain APAC countries in particular or is that not really an issue for you? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Can I just confirm, you're asking about -- you're asking what initiatives we've put in place to guarantee the supply chain? Is that right?
Steve Valiquette: Yes, correct, yeah. Just risk of any sort of drug supply shortages. This is more topical maybe a month ago versus today. But, yes, that's really the question. Sorry if there's any sort of echo or background. I hear an echo as well.
James Kehoe: Yes, no, that's all right. Alex, you want to take that?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. Hi, Steve. I think you also asked about prescription growth in the first part of your question, so I'll start there. I think as we said already, Q2 was good from our point of view. We were able to move our growth forward in normal times to, as James described, to just under 5% growth in comparable scripts. And also I think we had a reasonably good Med D season on January 1, which was important to us, given that that's about one-third of the marketplace. So going into the COVID crisis, we felt our growth was improving and the trends were improving.In terms of supply -- in terms of our initiatives, sorry, you asked that question, we mentioned we have a refill Express Pass and we're working on many other digital initiatives as Stefano has said to allow customers to use our downloaded app to manage their prescriptions in really transparent ways. So there's more to come, including of course home delivery, which we're now accelerating as well.In terms of the UK, a similar patterning as well with growth, in terms of the use of online pharmacy, again that was in -- thats a pretty different box. In terms of supply chain, we feel due to the movements in the next three to six months that we've got our APIs in terms of the components of generics in the right place on some proprietary products, and also with a more global wholesale supply chain, Alliance Healthcare, again, we've got good visibility and great partnerships with pharma companies and again, there are the odd products like paracetamol and some other products but the majority of products look to be in good supply at this moment in time.
Steve Valiquette: Yes, if you can hear me? At the drug manufacturer level have you witnessed any notable changes in pricing strategies over the past month or two related to the supply and demand gyrations from COVID-19 or would you say everything has been pretty consistent on the pricing front at the manufacturer level?
Gerald Gradwell: Yes, Stefano?
Stefano Pessina: No, no, really the manufacturers are behaving extremely well, I would say, at this moment. They are keeping their prices steady. And we see also that they are trying to do any possible effort to supply the market. In Europe, for instance, we have a very big pre-wholesaling market, so pre-wholesaling market, so the distributor that the manufacturers use to deliver to the wholesalers, to the pharmacist, to the hospital. And in this, we can say that the wholesalers are asking us to stock in order to be ready to satisfy the market. So, I would say that in this moment we don't have really problem. Of course, for some specific molecules, paracetamol, for instance, some specific products, there is a shortage just because the demand has been everywhere in the world so strong that there is not the ability to manufacture immediately to step up in manufacturing facilities to satisfy the demand. But these are just a few cases and they are not really impacting the overall supply in the market.
Gerald Gradwell: Okay, thank you, Stefano. That's actually all we have time for today. Thank you to our speakers. Let's say to everyone I know who didn't get your questions, as ever, the IR team will be available to take calls. Because we are working from multiple locations, we do have to schedule calls rather than just bring -- as they're coming in. But if you want to give us a call, we'll be happy to attend your call with many people as we can to follow-up over the coming days. Thank you very much indeed to everyone participating and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [indiscernible].I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Special Projects and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I am here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer and Alex Gourlay Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens.Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures, we refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website, for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and hello, everyone. As you will see from our figures, it has been a slow start to the financial year. With a competitive US pharmacy environment and soft trading conditions in the UK. That said, as you will hear, there are a number of items affecting the year-on-year comparisons. And given the initiatives that we have underway, we are maintaining our full year guidance.In the quarter, we continued to make progress against all four of our core strategic priorities. We are making progress in moving our data resources to a new and more flexible cloud-based infrastructure with a significant benefits that brings. We have also made a good progress with the development of new services to build on these new infrastructure, to announce our customer experiences, make our teams more efficient and effective and open a new opportunities for our businesses.Clearly, this work on the digitalization of our company and thus closely tie in with our work to modernize our retail offering and the shape and structure of our retail footprint. At the same time we are working with partners to redefine the delivery of health care in the community and the important role of pharmacy in the immediate and longer-term future.And all of this, is of course, supported and fueled by our Transformational Cost manager program, which has made substantive progress during the quarter. Finally, we have also continued to make progress on a number of significant partnership both established a new to announced our and efficiency and towards the value growth in our businesses. In the quarter, we entered into a procurement joint venture with Kroger, building on the already strong relationship that has been formed between Kroger and Walgreens.And we announced a joint venture with McKesson to bring together our two businesses in Germany, improving our reach and scale with a focus on enhancing the efficiency and performance of our combined wholesale operation, in the significant German pharmaceutical wholesale market. I will come back to make few comments on the future at the end of our presentation. Now, I will ask James and Alex to take us through the results in a little more detail. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano and good morning. Adjusted EPS was $1.37, 5.7% lower than prior year on a constant currency basis. The year-on-year comparison was impacted by around 5 percentage points of adverse items including the year-on-year bonus impact. In Retail Pharmacy USA, strong cost management and improved retail comp sales were offset by lower gross margin. Retail Pharmacy International continued to be negatively impacted by a challenging U.K market and we saw continued strong performance from Pharmaceutical wholesale.Our Transformational Cost Management Program is very much on track. And we expect to achieve annual cost savings in excess of $1.8 billion by 2022. Cash generation was very strong in the quarter with free cash flow of $674 million, $468 million better than prior year. And finally, we are maintaining our guidance for fiscal year '20 of flat adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis with a range of plus or minus 3%.Looking forward, we see improved core business trends with however some noise in the second quarter as we cycle through the timing of reimbursement payments and year-on-year bonus impacts. In total, these result in an expected EPS headwind of around 13% but both of these items were budgeted in fiscal year 20 and have no impact on full-year guidance.Let's now look in more detail on the results. First quarter sales were up 6% including a currency headwind of 0.7% on a constant currency basis, sales were up 2.3%. Adjusted operating income declined 15.4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting lower gross margin in the US and a difficult UK market. Adjusted EPS was $1.37 a constant currency decline of 5.7%. Our share repurchase program contributed 4 percentage points of growth and an additional 5.7 percentage points came from a favorable tax rate as we benefited from a number of discrete items.The result included adverse items of over 5 percentage points, including the year on year bonus impact, mark-to-market adjustments and lapping prior year supplier funding. GAAP EPS declined 19.8% to $0.95 and also reflected costs relating to the Rite Aid transaction and the implementation of the Transformational Cost Management Program. Now let's move to Retail Pharmacy USA. sales increased 1.6% in the quarter with 2.9% growth in pharmacy, partially offset by lower retail sales.Note that the sales growth includes the negative impact of 50 basis points due to our store optimization program. Adjusted gross profit declined 4.9% due to lower pharmacy and retail gross profit, adjusted SG&A spend decreased 1.6% in the quarter and was 17.6% of sales, an improvement of 0.6 percentage points versus prior year.The decline in SG&A, clearly shows our strong execution against our Transformational Cost Management Program with savings, more than offsetting incremental investments the impact of inflation and the year-on-year bonus impact. Adjusted operating income declined 16.2% of the SG&A savings were not enough to offset the decline in gross profit and the adverse items I mentioned earlier. In total these adverse items accounted for over 6 percentage points of the decline in operating income.Now let's look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 2.9% versus prior year, reflecting continued brand inflation and script volume growth. Central specialty sales continue to grow nicely up 9.3% versus prior year. Comp pharmacy sales were up 2.5% and comp scripts grew 2.8%. While this was weaker than expected, we have seen improved growth in recent weeks. Market share for the quarter was 20.9%, down 55 basis points versus prior year including the impact from our store optimization program.adjusted gross profit decreased mid single-digit, as the impact of procurement savings and script growth was more than offset by reimbursement pressure.Turning next to our US retail business. Total retail sales declined 2.2% in the quarter, impacted by store optimization. Comp retail sales declined 0.5% and continued to show an improving trend. Excluding tobacco and e-cigarettes, comp sales were up 0.8%. As you know we are exiting the sale of e-cigarettes. While this did not have a significant impact on comps this quarter, it will have a bigger impact from the next quarter onwards. And we continue to anticipate a full year EPS impact of around $0.06 .We saw solid comp growth in our core categories with health and wellness up 3.3% and beauty up 2.5%.We estimate a tailwind of around 80 basis points from cough, cold, flu. Retail adjusted gross profit declined low single digits due to lower sales, including the impact of store optimization programs, higher shrink and the timing of prior year supplier funding. Adjusted gross margin declined slightly however, excluding the higher shrink and supplier funding timing underlying category margins were in line with prior year.Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International and as usual, [indiscernible] constant currency numbers. Sales decreased 2.7% mainly due to the UK and Chile. Boots UK comp pharmacy sales increased 0.9% in the quarter reflecting relatively higher NHS reimbursement levels and increased sales from services partly offset by lower script volume.Boots UK comp retail sales declined 2.9%, as the UK High Street continued to be very challenging. However, overall we held market share adjusted operating income was down 39.1% mainly due to lower UK retail sales volume and margin. The results include an adverse impact of 13 percentage points from the year-on-year bonus impact and higher technology investments.Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency. The Pharmaceutical Wholesale division delivered another strong quarter with sales up 8.3% led by emerging markets and the UK. The change in the customer contract, which I've mentioned before, help our UK performance contributing 1.4% to the overall sales growth, we have now lapped the impact of this contract change.Adjusted operating income increased 4.9% reflecting strong revenue performance on a higher contribution from Amerisource Bergen. These strategic joint venture with McKesson aims to drive sustainable profitable growth in the largest pharmaceutical drug market in Europe by leveraging scale and improving efficiency. Mid-term we expect the JV to be EPS accretive and to accelerate our Pharmaceutical Wholesale profit growth.Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $1.1 billion, up $601 million versus prior year. Free cash flow was strong at $674 million, up $684 million on prior year. Our key working capital initiatives are on track. We are removing excess inventory from the system, and we have started to extend payment terms to industry leading levels. Ad we have a strong pipeline of initiatives to fuel our cash flow generation over a multiyear period.Let's turn now to our Transformational Cost Management Program. In October, we raised our annual cost savings target to in excess of $1.8 billion by fiscal 2022. We now have a very robust pipeline and our savings initiatives are gaining momentum, this gives us a much higher level of confidence that we can exceed $1.8 billion target. Importantly, these savings will allow us to fund the investments needed to create new and innovative business models.Let me now give you some detail on our activities in the quarter. On smart spend, we are accelerating our energy management efficiency program. And we see opportunities to ramp up our procurement activities in goods, not for resale. The energy management program is interesting.U LED lighting saves money is environmentally friendly and improves the store experience for consumers. This is a perfect example of save to invest to grow. On smart organization, we're undertaken an end-to-end process review in Boots UK covering all major business processes with the aim of transforming how we operate, ultimately leading to a lean and effective operating model.We are now actively planning the implementation of global business services and we have implemented the second wave of headquarter cost reductions in Mexico, Chile and Thailand. On divisional optimization we have completed 114 of the 200 Walgreens store closures and 28 of the 200 Boots UK closures. We continue to test new store formats in the US and we're now operating 23 small stores with encouraging results.On IT, we have started implementation of a new operating model and our vendor optimization work is progressing well. For example, we recently selected Tata Consulting Services as our new partner to accelerate the work on our critical pharmacy operating system. On digitalization we have prioritized investments in mass personalization and reinventing the pharmacy prescription journey.Now, I'll hand over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. I'll now update you in some of the actions we've taken in the US during the quarter, starting with a retail offering. Our strategic partnership with Kroger is progressing well. The initial Kroger Express pilots in Northern Kentucky has been running for just over one year and the pilot in Knoxville, Tennessee for 5 months. We've seen very positive results so far, with a strong sales risk.Building on the success of these pilots, we formed the group procurement office retail procurement aligns with Kroger in December to purchase both of our private label goods. We expect this joint venture to deliver cost savings encouraged sourcing innovation and generate efficiencies across the supply chain. Our strategy of focusing on the higher margin health and wellness and beauty countries is living benefits on both delivered solid performances in the quarter. Our flagship No7 beauty brand performed well, with sales up in the mid teens reflecting nationwide advertising campaign and our new e-commerce site. And we have introduced an enhanced skincare offering at over 900 stores, which we expect to drive future performance.Moving on to health care. We have opened the second of 5 villagemd primary care locations in Houston. Our wellness partnership with Jenny Craig is progressing well and we are on track to open approximately 100 locations by the end of January. We're also in the process of converting our optical pilots to the four I brand, which offers improve insurance coverage and stronger consumer brands.In specialty, I'm delighted to see that all 300 community-based specialty pharmacies, I'll receive Iraq accreditation. And we continue to believe that our strong community-based presence along our central fill capability provides the best access for these four medications to our patients on the marketplace. In partnership with United Healthcare we continue to create new opportunities for growth in Medicare AdvantageWe are very pleased with customer adoption of the new core branded Medicare advantage product, we started selling from October 15 2019. And finally, we are also opening 14 United Health care patient centers in Santos, designed to help our customers navigate the insurance and health care needs within walking stores.Turning next to digitalization. Our Fine Care platform has to health care service providers spanning over 46 services. We continue to develop a patient medication adherence programs to deliver better clinical outcomes. Our Save a Trip refills program now has three million patients signed up an increase of over 25% since last quarter. Our consumers continue to demand the convenient omni-channel retail shopping experience.I'm pleased to say we had record breaking sales on walgreens.com on the Black Friday weekend, up over 45% versus the prior year. And were particularly strong performance in retail products. Overall our omnichannel business continues to grow.Our Walgreens up has now been downloaded 60 million times up 12% since last year. Around 33% of Walgreens retail refill scripts eligible for digital refill we're entered via digital channels in the quarter, up almost 18% since last year. And we have increased our Balance Rewards members to $889.9 million.Finally, Walgreens digitally initially sales reached over $3.7 billion in the quarter, up around 9% year-over-year. Make a look on initiatives we've undertaken and Retail Pharmacy International, starting with the retail. In Boots UK, as you know we've introduced our beauty reinvention program just 26 of our flagship beauty brand in the second half of last year. I'm pleased to report that we've seen an improved performance in these stores in line with our expectations.Building on this, we rebalanced the retail space in 200 of our largest stores and have introduced 20 new beauty brands. Since the quarter end, we have signed an exclusive UK franchise agreement with Mothercare, a British Retail online brand specializing in products from others babies and children. We will be selling Mothercare branded goods across the UK and online.Moving on to health care. Our purpose-built pharmacy operating system has been rolled out to over 1400 Boots UK stores, following our pharmacists to provide a greater level of customer service even more efficiency and over time, a wider range of new pharmacy offerings. And we continue to develop new healthcare services with diagnostics where our pharmacists know have the ability to write prescriptions for certain conditions.I mentioned last quarter that we are developing new initiatives in digital health care, with plans for expanding pharmacy services to improve the customer journey and broaden access to health care. We launched our online pharmacy in May 2019, which has made solid progress in the markets.For the good progress on digitalization our online business boots.com delivered strong growth with sales up 12% versus prior year in the quarter. We also saw a record-breaking Black Friday weekend with resulting online sales up around 25% and finally, we have agreed an exclusive partnership to offer omnichannel photo and gifting services in the UK and Ireland.I'll now hand you back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. As you have heard this year as open with a number of challenges. The mainly changes that are impacting the global health care sector how generating some difficult conditions for our businesses. It said change always brings opportunity. We must act to meet the challenges and ensure we make the most of the opportunities we see. Saving these opportunities and mindful of the challenges side, we are maintaining our full year guidance for the year.We continuously review our Group to ensure we have the right mix of businesses, to maximize our performance in a dynamic sector. Pursuing our strategic priorities is having a real impact in driving our businesses. The changes in our markets are -- some of the positive impacts we are having. But these will not be the case forever.I have said before and I will say again, I strongly believe in an expanded role for pharmacy and in our company's ability to play a significant part in shaping how healthcare is delivered in the community going forward. I believe these as much today as I ever have. I believe we have two financial strength as a business. As we have demonstrated this quarter, we have extraordinary ability to generate strong and sustainable cash flow.And we have many opportunities to deploy this cash flow to create real value. I remain convinced that we have in our company and to our partnership and extraordinary foundation on which to build. The walk that we are doing today is creating a strong and flexible engine of our growth in our businesses for many years to come.Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking the question. I know there's a lot of moving pieces and it's only the first quarter, but if I just take a step back your clear EPS was down around 6% in the quarter below the full fiscal year guidance, it sounds like, James, if I'm hearing you correctly next quarter given some of the moving pieces. It could see an even steeper decline in EPS.I guess if we think about the back half, could you maybe just give us the building blocks the things that you guys have visibility into that gives you confidence that the back half can get you into that flat plus or minus 3% EPS for the year.
James Kehoe: Yeah, and I expect that question, obviously. Let me give just give you a little bit of context on the first quarter. However, first, I think the only real surprise we had in the first quarter was on the script volume, it did come in weaker than we expected. We were thinking over a number of around 4% and we come in at 2 point base, that's the piece -- And I want to be clear, our internal budget was 137 and we came in our budget. What we had was a favorability on tax, offsetting script growth in Q1. So that was the one thing we were disappointed on.We had a lot of stuff, we're very happy about, so free cash flow was off the charts, we beat our internal budget by hundreds of millions, largely driven by programs were implementing in the US. As Stefano said in these comments the transformational cost management program and that's key to the answer to your question is, our classified right now is well ahead of frac, particularly due to actions in the US and the U.K. Another items I'd highlight that shouldn't be lost on you, we finally we have mailed one of the first steps in the Kroger relationship. We think it's extremely positive that we have started up a GPO. And I think it will lead to many good things in the future.And then finally a strategic deal in a problematic German wholesale market, which we think will drive tremendous value longer term. So we think there was a lot of good things that happened and script growth was the one that was more challenging. Let me give you a perspective looking forward is, and actually we're a little bit surprised as well, we're seeing quite a strong momentum in the current-month of December.So we believe when we call out five percentage point of points of items in the first quarter, we're probably under of holding that. So we're clear shifts between, call at the Thanksgiving period, Christmas periods and I don't want to give the precise number, but our script growth is in solid mid single-digit growth in the month of December. So we're clearly feeling that we're not really regarding why the shifts are happening that well.We know cough, cold flu is driving some of the buoyancy in December. So we are seeing signals that what we are counting on to hit our full year guidance, we do need or script growth to be in the 3.5% to 4% kind of maybe 4.5% depending on the quarter. But right now in December, we're seeing numbers in excess of that. So script growth is the key one, the other Tier 1 is that will drive increasing performance as we exit the year.Obviously, as you take out costs, the cost take-out is over the course of the year. So the savings roughly in the first quarter are around 15%. So of the total goal of, well, we haven't given the number, a large number, were less than 15% in Q1. As we exit the year will be up double the run rate of savings. So overheads will become a very significant much more significant driver in the second half.And I do want to point out for that, for a company of our size with the amount of overheads we have the total overheads were down 1.6% in the quarter. And the contracts, and I think it's important to have the context, we did say that the combination of inflation and volume impacts is about 400 million, you have the bonus year-on-year that's in the region of 354 million and we have incremental investments of 100 million to 150 million. So it will give you some indication of the size of the cost management initiatives.And I think we'll come back next quarter would probably more visibility on the potential further opportunity on the cost program, but I just finished answering your question, I think if you were to do your model again for the full year. I would -- we will probably have a slight favorability on taxes. So called up somewhat 0.6%, 0.7% on the full year and we will have more coming from overheads and probably slightly less coming from gross profit because we had a miss in the first quarter on scripts. So that's why we feel it's basically the overheads and some tax opportunities that we feel we can offset the call of the script under delivery in Q1.
Robert Jones: That's tremendously helpful. And I guess just one other probably anticipated question again just around the prime relationship in the wake of the prime Express Cigna announcement. Just wanted to get any update on how you guys are viewing the prime relationship and the impact of the Alliance or ex JV just as we think about how that relationship played out for you this past year relative to your expectations for how would contribute in 2020 would be would be helpful. Thank you.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Bob. It's Alex here. Yes. We have re-try to the prime, in a direct relationship. Prime is now working with Express Scripts as a PBM and working with us in a direct relationship, so we anticipate to hold our market share with Prime and potentially grow was a prime model will be more competitive in marketplace. Our relationship with Prime continues to be a very strong one and we continue to walk you very well with independent Blues so we are happy with the situation. In terms of the impact obviously we've readjusted the margin of debts but it really was in forecast in budget. So we had expected this impact and then plan for it,On the AllianceRx, AllianceRx is doing okay at the moment. But again, we have a great relationship with Prime. We are speaking to them at the, how do we adopt to an ever-changing specialty marketplace, which is becoming even more important for both of us. We expect to have conversations next year along these lines to improve that model further. So all is good from our point of view and we wish primary success with the year new, the new model and the network, we feel very confident that we will benefit from that relationship in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of c from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you and thanks for the commentary on the cadence with respect to volume and cost. Maybe to hit on one other item reimbursement and the impact on 1120. I know you gave us a 13% number, I think it was reimbursement and bonus, but can you provide a little bit more context on what the outlook is, as we move from Q1 into Q2 on 1120?
James Kehoe: Yes, the 13% reference was to Q2 and we're specifically highlighting two things in the quarter. And I would say it's like 7% due to reimbursement timing and the other is 6% is due to bonus year-on-year. And the reason we called out the Q2 reimbursement is, it really is a timing item, it's a true-up of prior year contracts that occurs typically in the April, May, June timeline of the year. And, as it happened in the prior year there was no true up.So it's not really a reimbursement impact year-on-year in terms of increase in contract prices is a contractual true-up of the contract for prior year and it's quite a large number because of impact 7 percentage points. We didn't actually call out anything on Q1.What we said about Q1 is reimbursement was actually broadly in line with the plans we put together, because if you recall, when we gave guidance we said at the time that -- I think 58% or 60% of all of our contracts were already defined when we gave guidance, so we have fairly decent line of sight to the full year, reimbursement. And we came within 20 million of the reimbursement estimate for the first quarter. So we were actually quite pleased with that because it's quite difficult to forecast reimbursement.And you know we have looked back on some of our prior guidance on the quarters and the reason for giving something on Q2 just highlight this exceptional reimbursement of timing true up. Right now as we sit, we have no reason to call any different outlook on reimbursement for the full year, we should presume that means plus or minus 50 million.So it's, we were pleasantly surprised with the Q1 on that site. And I reiterate our issue on pharmacy in Q1. Nothing to do with procurement, nothing to do with reimbursement, they were actually net probably slightly positive, it was probably it was all script volume. So it was just lighter than we would have planned it to be.
Eric Percher: That's really helpful. And reimbursement in the UK, it sounds like NHS funding did improve but we didn't see it in the revenue line was this simply the new contract or have you seen any makeover for the debt in the lack of payment last year,
Alex Gourlay: So again, this is Alex. Hi, it's Alex here. One is, as you say there has been a stabilization of payment, which is in the marketplace can be seen on any site. And secondly, we have taken some actions to reduce loss making services that we have in the UK on to make them more profitable.As a result of that we've lost some volume, not as much volume as we had expected to be honest with some volume. And we're quite pleased that with the retention of our customers with these actions and that's what's caused a slight for the decrease in terms of our revenue in the UK -- not reimbursement is actions we've taken to reduce loss making services that we were offering.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good morning guys. A couple of times you mentioned or should have alluded to potentially a little bit of a change in competitive environment in the US pharmacy or perhaps some pressure on or versus your expectations in the quarter in terms of script growth. Could you comment more broadly on sort of what you're seeing there and sort of your thoughts on how that's progressing.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, I think as the consolidation in the market has really accelerated both vertically and horizontally. And as for example the Prime Express deal is a good example of this, PBMs are working more closely together. Clearly putting more pressure on the marketplace for better pricing and actually what we alluding to. So we are working hard as James has said, as we always have done to mitigate that pressure through a cost programs and through driving volume.As James is going to say very clearly, we were disappointed with the volume growth in Q1. Part of that was timing as James has said, and part of that is because the fact that we lost them access to some particular some Medicaid networks during the summer, that is rolling into this year.And, as we spoke to -- I think it was the last quarter, we're working investigating obviously with advance Rx and -- the opportunity for us to become more efficient together and offer a new model in the Medicaid business, we recognize that we are under share their on behalf to operate differently in that marketplace. And Medicare, we continue to do very well with UnitedHealthcare, we're really pleased with the relationship on the new MA plan as we spoke to in the prepared comments, is done has done well and we expect that will come through in the changes in January 1,Obviously we're doing less well with the other a strong performer, which is Aetna insurance. We have, we've done really well and we are doing less well with them for maybe obvious reasons, but in the whole, we feel we are going to be there or thereabouts in Medicare, then in commercial already said in a reply previously that we are very pleased to have renewed the contract with Prime, which again is a very important book of business for us in the commercial network.So I mean that's a picture from my point of view, and I don't know if I help the question. Elizabeth, but that's how we see it and all underpins the 3.5% to 4% volume growth that we expect to see in the full year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning. I wanted to start with just some thoughts around branded inflation as well as generic procurement in the current market As we think about the gross margins and how this will impacted. I'm just wondering, James. First, can you just talk about what's in your current expectation and guidance.
Gerald Gradwell: What we saw. I'll tell you what we've seen in Q1 we saw branded inflation of around 4% and we, most of the market. Read seem to be the inflation and this is on a constant mix basis, so like for like SKUs deflation of around 4% we would say that internally generics and generics on generics. And maybe I'll ask Alex to weigh in, and then two is we would be outperforming versus that 4% would probably be a mid-to-higher single digit.And we generally are projecting that kind of number going forward. Somewhere in the mid to high single-digit deflation mix adjustment which is it's probably quarters will change the versus market, but generally that's what we're seeing in the market and we're delivering slightly better in terms of cost reduction in the P&L.
James Kehoe: I don't know you want do you have a few as answer we it we're seeing and we continue to if you very good about our global operation and we're delivering just slightly beyond Mark RVs reductions in COGS. Cost of goods so you thought who will see.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, yeah.
Stefano Pessina: And then Alex, you talked about a number of health-care initiatives and updates to that you didn't touch on today would be LabCorp, and Humana, one on the LabCorp side, can you just talk about where you are today, are you on track on the Humana side, any plans to expand to talk about United on the Medicare Advantage side.But I'm curious what you're doing with Humana and then just more broadly speaking, the strategic priority for expanding the role of pharmacy, as you know, I'm a big believer in that as well.But with the reimbursement pressure do you ever see that subsiding in any way where you can actually get ahead of that where you can start to change the paradigm and I know I've asked us for multiple years. But do you finally think that you can start to see that on not the horizon as you start to have bigger and bigger relationships like north of 100 million lives.Now in the combination of Prime and Express, you think about large relationships like United.
Alex Gourlay: Yes So I think maybe start with the Humana questions. So we've opened up a third partners in primary care. It looks very good and is operating really well on the relationship between the pharma and -- doctors is really close.So we continue to feel really good about that very small, but important test joint venture and of course, we've opened up at two also with the clinical villageMD EUs I'm sure you know, don't Houston will be 5 in total by the end at the end of February.And again, we are very, very pleased with how that's operating already, we've taken a small stake and that company villageMD as well, which we're pleased to do and we see that partnership of the doctor and the farmers has been fundamental to the future of community health care delivery going forward in court.Core to our model on the lending, lots of who we can do two things take cost out the system together and get customers to understand the two their medications better unchanged lifestyles. And so it's really interesting walk on it points to maybe your last question. So that's on the Humana on LabCorp bang on track in terms of number of service centers opened. I think we'll have well over 100 in the growing by the end of this quarter.I think that's really bang on track and under-performing well. We are seeing. You know NPS scores on the usage of the centers, all in, or above our expectations, so we, very pleased with our program and we expect of 600 and maybe more, we don't know yet in the ground within the four years as we promised, and the pharmacist.We are working really hard to get our new system. Then as James spoke to in prepared remarks, we're going to be accelerating that system from the current pace that will be fundamental to be in the CLO the date will be in the cloud, will be fundamental to taking the called out and freeing up our pharmacists to really drive you that in future.We're seeing increased payments from certain insurers and PBMs particularly in Medicare D who we really like working with United because they are, they are stretching to this in terms of getting the payment. But the very clear on the goalposts that we have to hit to get the payment.And we've been successful in achieving that. I do believe other insurance companies will follow -- their leads on the government eventually will also make sure that we have clear KPIs going forward as well.So, yes, it's a longer play for sure, but we are really committed to and we're making more progress appears right now in our numbers on. We continue to keep on pushing this is fundamental to pharmacy and fundamental we believe to a more efficient healthcare system in the US.
Lisa Gill: And then just, just. I understand that none of that is in your expectation for 2020 I heard you say longer term a couple of times in this conversation, so should we anticipate that this to potentially impact fiscal 2021 or 2022. How do we just think about it from a timing perspective.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. We already earning some money back, as you know, the famous direct or indirect basis the bit you'll know well. So we are any more money back than we did previously unmined money available to us as growing. I don't. Our ability to get money grows as we get and of course, we're also deploying pharmacy specific of pharmacies.Okay. Pharmacists, I think we have about 150 are specifically working to achieve these performance outcomes. So I think this will start to affect 21 and 22.It's already given us some relief in 20 as well in there is improved money in our, in our forecast for performance networks
Lisa Gill: Okay, great, thank you for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Thank you for taking the question. The, so the background. You've given on a lot of initiatives have been great, perhaps maybe specialties become such a big component of your business. I mean is that, is that mix also impacting the margins as well.
Gerald Gradwell: Yes. We call that out in the quarter it impact of by about 50 basis points because it's growing at high single-digit versus the pharmacy scripts 2.8%, so it's driving adverse mix of 50 basis points.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: And I guess that makes sense. I mean, does the, the initiatives that you're kind of putting in place help expand those margins are or also provide kind of that long-term wellness and part of the Healthcare transformation.
Gerald Gradwell: Yes, absolutely, I mean, we strongly believe in having a community presence and as you know, we have 2 models, we have one, which of course to doctors who are practicing and specialty for example in oncology and then we have pharmacies inside of our hospitals and sort of healthcare systems.We have 300 plus of these and we've patient for the malls. So every single pharmacy that we run in the community, which is very unusual. I believe with the foster achieve this has got that accreditation I means of a more attractive to the manufacturers because know that we will take full care of the patient, and more and more patients are living longer with diseases and communities.So we believe the local model it will become important to the future of healthcare delivery and will always be a central fill model, I'm sure, but we believe the local model will become more and more important.Also, we announced the [indiscernible] Shields -- as a variance. I think platform that's working with health care systems and we have a lot of relationships with healthcare systems. As you know, to make sure of ice patients, hospitals they maintain themselves on the drugs being dispense primarily by the hospital pharmacy.So again, we are investing both in technology Shields, and also an offline as well in terms of data and tracking customers and look community pharmacies to make sure pharmacist can actually take care of these customers as it this more often a home and we're also of course working closely with Prime.As we said already, to make sure that we have a really efficient and effective central model, and most importantly of all we have outstanding relationships with the manufacturers really driven both through our relationship with AmerisourceBergen and also the walk are now it goes with our team, at global level to make sure that we have the very best relationships.So while these manufacturers are bringing these new and unique products to the markets and we feel as a global partner and we can apply our capabilities for them in the US market through our relationship.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Thank you very much. I know it's difficult to parse this out with the store closings in the UK as well as the shift to more services from volume perhaps but could you give us a clearer sense on the impact of the NHS reimbursement scheme change either quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year and then how did that really stack up compared to your expectations.It sounds, okay but I'd like to get a little more detail on that in terms of not only the quarter-over-quarter, but also how that progresses through the next few quarters. Thank you.
Alex Gourlay: Sure. Yeah, I know it's Alex here. No, it was exactly as we expected. So the quarter pharmacy both in volume, as I said already, we slightly below on the market in terms of underlying business, but we gave up some scripts because of some unprofitable services.In terms of margin, exactly as we had expected on this tracking to as we expect, it's relatively easy to track this because the resigned the five year contract with the industry, through what's called the PSNC, which represents all pharmacies in the UK is a one contract. So we can track quite carefully. It does vary sometimes from quarter to quarter, but it's true up in a way which is transparent.So we feel very confident that we've got a good line of sight to this. We feel very confident that we are working operationally very well in the UK and we have additional piece of walk there, which is called pharmacy in the future and -- you really is to transform the operating model for pharmacy in the UK. This will take some time, of course.We've already mark site investment, we are investing strongly a new farm system, we've rolled out 1400 which is well over half of the state, and -- present all the home countries including Scotland more recently. So again we are feeling pretty good about the visibility, we're not feeling as good about the profitability of pharmacy, we believe that needs to improve further, so that we can reinvest back in community pharmacy properly in the years ahead. But we are very committed to getting that operating model understood unchanged over time.
Stefano Pessina: Yeah, if you want to characterize the euro of prior year, it was a tough year for pharmacy or there were a lot of one-time impacts coming from NHS fundind, and will be a general this year recovery from that. We were surprising, we were within $500,000 of the gross profit targets for pharmacy in the UK, so it was buying on target. We are looking at a fairly sizable improvement in gross profit in the business this year.So as Alex mentioned that earlier in these columns, we have some marginal profitability business on the sidelines and we're aggressively driving the improvement of those. So don't be surprised if you see script volumes and market share going down slightly. We're addressing the profitability of sub categories that we don't think are strategic to the company and we definitely don't want to be a marginal profitability positions.So, a bit of a shift in the orientation in the business, slightly more to profitability. So it just as your modeling that out don't get fixated by script declines because the core business is actually quite solid, and solid in the quarter.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Yeah. Got it. Thank you very much.
Stefano Pessina: And just one point on the U.K though as we go through it. We did have a rough quarter in retail and it really does come down to the market and our share of the whole share overall, I'm quite interestingly though we've seen in the last couple of weeks and maybe a little bit important as you think through your modeling.We had a rough quarter not 40% decline now, there was a lot of one-time items in there probably half of that was one time adverse items just generally but as you think through this we saw a very, very strong Christmas period, there are huge phasing on a of our primary markets, the whole December month started out extremely slow the second last week of the month was extremely strong with high-single digit revenue growth.And the last year, the last week of the year, we again have mid to high single-digit growth across all key categories and we're still getting bug December performance is quite a bit more positive then the quarter we just came out of. The double surprise was it was achieved with higher margins than the prior year.So we're rebalancing the commercial approach in the UK and we're not chasing volume at any cost and surprisingly -- we're seeing better volumes and we're seeing better margins. Now it's only two weeks, so it's too early to child success, but we've seen a better performance across December plus the entire, the main two markets are actually both businesses have done quite well in the Christmas period, very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks for taking my call. You mentioned you had 60% of your PBM contract set when you gave guidance and now you've renewed Prime. What remains outstanding and how much variance is there really at this point. Could there be an reimbursement as we look out over the rest of the year.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Kevin. It's Alex here. Firstly I mean there'll be some small networks which can change midyear for sure. But the vast majority this is contracted, the vast majority -- I can't give a precise number, but I've always give you an estimate will over 90 because I'll go back the consolidation market is very clear. And yes, so as where we are. But, so we feel we have good -- in this fiscal year on again will start renegotiating the majority of the -- contracts as we move through the summer months, but I'll before starting January 1st 2021.
Kevin Caliendo: And the renewal Prime that takes you through, is it more than a one-year contract, meaning like the Express relationship won't have any impact on that at all going forward?
Alex Gourlay: As criteria, I mean, we don't disclose the length of the contracts, but this is a multi-year multi-year deal typical of a longish commercial contract.
Kevin Caliendo: Got it. And one last one, have you guys looked at the OECD proposals around multinational corporation tax rules, there obviously still just proposals, but wondering if they were implemented in any way impact Walgreens are -- or anything like that?
Alex Gourlay: We have a -- I would say quite expert tax group under extremely active there all over this, I think you have to wait till dust settles on these things, but we would obviously realigned the corporate structure according to new legislation as it comes along. We think that we better then a -- it's in the right location, it delivers attractive tax positions, but it's all vetted and approved by all jurisdictions globally and it's in line with current policy.As policies change globally will adapt for the policies, but we have an attractive tax rate compared to our peer set by quite a number of percentage points, we'll will try and maintain that as much as possible, but you can be sure the team is all over this.
Kevin Caliendo: Right. Thanks so much. That's really helpful.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Thanks for squeezing me in here. So I want to tie back I guess a big picture question, at the beginning, you talked about the broader strategy you're taking, I know you mentioned the role of pharmacy going forward. You've highlighted a number of the various different partnerships. I guess as you think about the next call -- rest of this fiscal year two, three years.What are some of the checkpoint you're looking for relative to the partnership model relative to the strategy, relative to the EBIT contribution from all of these two essentially declare success or if some of them arent, going to kind of cut bait.And how does that play into the broader thought process around the organization and the role and where you sit in the market on a go-forward basis given as well but you're also going through a pretty broad restructuring about the cost base and the store footprint.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, Michael. Yeah. So I think if we start with our key priorities and they know the start with the reimaging of the drug store and the renewed offeringswere probably more advanced with the Kroger relationship and the reason why that's quite important is because it allows us to do two things, allows us to walk with. Then on the convenience model, which is really important to drive footfall into our physical stores and also really important from a consumer point of view, and the redefinition of convenience is such a big change in the marketplace.So we are feeling really good about that. We, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing substantial sales growth both in the box itself and also in the categories that you're supporting. We've also launched our own products. I think we've got that we're going to have them in about just over 15, 16, 17 Kroger stores so that for this gives us an opportunity to put our health and beauty composition and private label and own brands into their customers views as well.And then lastly, when you put together the two customer sets, we serve together round about $20 million customers a day between us. So we have a strong, strong presence in American households and our ability therefore to walk with them being the genuine food expert of America and us being very, very competent we believe in pharmacy health and to some extent beauty categories that relates to health care and wellness. We believe that's going to be a strong opportunity. The procurement structure allows us to earn money in the short to medium term. And of course we will be working together on other issues in the supply chain and also in other issues and procurement we believe as well in the future.So that's one area where I think we have made good progress both tactically and strategically. With health care, we are well into testing quality brands and quality offers in partnership with others, sort of the acceleration of our lessons learned and optical is one example of it. We are working with vision who are renowned as a quality optical retailer with access to insurance and the very best brands.We've, we really are delighted to get more opportunities to put doctors into our stores along side pharmacists, and we believe that, well, that will be a longer-term model. We know from experience in Europe that that model can be really effective in delivering end to end primary care in communities.And last but not least into the Fine Care platform that we have built very quietly with an internal team has really grown and we believe that will be a digital marketplace that will become very important to us into the market in the future, but will take time to grow. So thats really where we are in terms of that measure.So we expect some -- contribution over time in the retail side, faster than the contribution maybe in the healthcare side but the healthcare side will come through the hill of scripts over time and the access to more.
Robert Jones: And maybe one we didn't get this question but progress on digitalization in the quarter. We've just launched two major initiatives, launched and funded. And I want to kind of go back to the previous guidance we gave. We've got $500 million of capital expenditures behind digital and development plus about 100 to 150 of expense this year.And we launched two big initiatives in the last count. One is on mass personalization. And that's how do you use your marketing dollars more effectively to target a better connection with the consumer, we believe will significantly underpin particularly the retail revenue profile for a multi-year period. And these are not small investments, they are in the $50 million to $100 million range.And the second one is the, the prescription journey and I use that one very generically, but it's, again it's a similar size of investment and that's on a two speed, we're not waiting for the core systems to be upgraded, it's on a parallel process and this is a two-ish year journey and what's it going to do, its going to connect the consumer, much more closely with the prescription, how they want to deliver how they want to pay for it.The transparency of the cost of it and the options we give consumers and getting closer to consumers. And the second thing you will do it will take friction out of the system which means it will reduce the cost to fill a prescription.So we're working on initiatives that don't just boost -- take out costs, but they actually boost revenue and the connectivity to patients and consumers, longer term and in the bump that will be lost. These investments are large and they're multi-year and they will also drive long-term revenue and sustainable growth
Gerald Gradwell: And I guess just quickly how do you balance all of those investments in long-term initiatives against some of the quarterly volatility and reimbursement risks and the other moving pieces. On the transformational cost program that you see
Alex Gourlay: It's tough.
Gerald Gradwell: It's not easy. But we have our program management approach. We have got a lot of capable people but it's not easy. And every, but we are paying a lot of attention to the future, I'm to today. As you can tell by the comments that James and I have made
James Kehoe: A lot of these funds go through the transformational cost management program and Alex, myself and Ornella and the head of HR sit on the, we are the 4 people on it.So it's a small team, takes decisions quickly and frankly some of these are tough tradeoffs and in some quarters you theoretically can't afford it, but you have to do it or otherwise you're going to damage the long-term future of the company.
Alex Gourlay: This is the problem -- Stefano. Yes, we have a strategy, our strategy is as a, as it has always been a medium long-term strategy. And we believe in the pharmacy, we believe in the role that the pharmacy will have in future. Of course the pharmacy will have to be able to satisfy the needs of the patients and the needs of the customers and we are working in that direction.Not all the pharmacies will survive the future, not all the pharmacies will be important in the local economy of the city or the villages. We try to be a pharmacy that can have a role and of course we have to invest. We have to invest now for the future. If we, if we work just for the next two quarter, maybe we will have a little better results. But at the end, we will probably create a problem upon the long survival of our stores, of our pharmacies. And now you have to take a decision, either you believe in the strategy which is focused on the long term or you just try to look at the next quarters and maybe you try to do deals. Just to let's say, make easier over less evidence that the problems that you have. We have decided to work for the long term and I hope that at the end we would be right.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. I know that. Not everyone that want to ask question got to ask the question but as ever, the IR team are here and we'll take your calls. During the courses there in tomorrow and the rest of the week and we look forward to speaking to you all again next quarter. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens.Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You'll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald, and hello, everyone. Today I am pleased to report that we delivered quarterly results broadly in line with our expectation. In doing so, we closed our financial year roughly flat year-on-year, which is again in line with the expectation we set in April. That said, it has not been an easy task for us to recover from a very difficult second quarter and there has been a lot of hard work done by our team to deliver these results over the past two quarters.We have continued to make progress against our four strategic priorities: accelerating the digitalization of our company in terms of the way we use technology to help us run our businesses more efficiently and effectively and more importantly to announce and transform the products and services that we offer our patients and customers and in the way we deliver those services; transforming and restructuring our retail offering, making sure we provide our customers what they want in the way they want; and using the strength of our extraordinary local presence as an asset to support and reach a modern multichannel tailored and far more focused responsive and interactive retail experience; and creating within our store a network of health care destination, backed by our digital investments, providing both services and support.This will announce our goal as a co-provider of healthcare to the communities we serve and a highly effective and efficient resource for patients and payers alike. And, of course, to support all of these and to deliver the changes we need to structure our company, in a market that constantly demands evermore responsiveness and efficiency we are delivering on our Transformational Cost Management Program.It is important to make that point. This is about transformation for us, both driving out costs and reinvesting in the business, to help fund the investments that we need to make to deliver our strategic priorities. This program is truly about saving to invest for growth.Our teams have worked hard on the development of this strategy and are working just as hard on their delivery. We have identified an excellent group of partners that bring our skills, experience and resources to deliver our goal better, more effectively and more efficiently then we could do alone.We are transforming not just our businesses, but our business model to deliver future growth. We have been very clear in our current expectation for the financial year ahead. James will cover them in detail as part of this financial review.Looking forward to 2020, we expect adjusted earning per share to be roughly flat on a constant-currency basis. Excluding the impact of the 2019 bonus headwind, we would expect mid-single-digit adjusted earning per share growth. And looking forward, we see a clear line to sustainable profitable growth, driven by the work we are doing and the investments we are making.I will now hand over to James and Alex to take you through today's earnings and update and we'll come back to take your questions at the end. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning, everyone. Today's results are broadly in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS was $1.43 in the fourth quarter, 2.9% lower than the prior year on a constant-currency basis. Fiscal year adjusted EPS was $5.99, up 0.5% in constant currencies and in line with our guidance.We are encouraged by improved U.S. comparable sales and adjusted gross profit margin performance in the second half of the year.Retail Pharmacy International, continued to be impacted by a challenging U.K. market, whereas the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, delivered another strong performance. Our Transformational Cost Management Program is very much on track. And with rising visibility on cost savings, we are raising our annual savings target to at least $1.8 billion by fiscal 2022.Let's now look in more detail at the full year results. Full year sales increased 4.1% versus prior year. On a constant-currency basis, sales growth was 5.8%, reflecting good performance from both Retail Pharmacy USA and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Adjusted operating income declined 9.6% or 8.6% on a constant-currency basis, mainly due to Retail Pharmacy USA and Boots U.K., partially offset by Pharmaceutical Wholesale.Adjusted EPS was $5.99, up 0.5% on a constant-currency basis. Share repurchases contributed 4.9 percentage points, with tax adding 4.1 percentage points. These were partially offset by the 3.6 percentage points of adjusted EPS headwinds that are shown on the slide.GAAP operating income declined 20.5%, including $477 million of expenses, relating to the implementation of our Transformational Cost Management Program and as we mentioned last quarter, $114 million relating to our share of AmerisourceBergen's impairment of pharMEDium. In total, these two adjustments account for almost 50% of the year-on-year decline.In the fourth quarter, sales were up 2.6% on a constant-currency basis, reflecting solid growth in our Retail Pharmacy USA division and a strong performance in Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Adjusted operating income declined 11.9% or 11.1% on a constant-currency basis. Adjusted EPS was $1.43 and constant-currency decline of 2.9%. 5% of growth came from our share repurchase program and another 7% from tax.However, these were entirely offset by over 12 percentage points of headwinds, as we increased investments and we lapped one-time benefits in the fourth quarter of 2018, including a postretirement curtailment gain and a previously disclosed adjustment to legal accruals and settlements. GAAP EPS declined 51.4% to $0.75 per share. Just over half of this decline was due to two factors, a prior-year gain on the sale of Premise Health and the implementation of our Transformational Cost Management Program.Now, let's move to Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales increased 2.1% in the fourth quarter, reflecting 4.2% growth in pharmacy. Full year sales advanced 6.2%, reflecting the acquired Rite Aid stores and organic sales growth of 3%. Adjusted gross profit declined 1.1% in the quarter, with a decline in retail, partially offset by higher, pharmacy gross profit.Adjusted SG&A spend increased 2.1% in the quarter, entirely due to higher investments and the prior year one-time adjustment associated with previously disclosed legal accruals and settlements. Adjusted operating income declined 12.2% in the quarter and 9.6% full year. The quarter was held back by 9.4 percentage points of headwinds from higher investments and a one-time benefit in the prior year. Excluding these factors, the decline was low single digit.Now let's look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.2% in the quarter and 8.6% for the year. Growth in the quarter reflected higher brand inflation and prescription volume growth, along with growth in central specialty, which grew 7.8% in the quarter and over 20% for the year. Comp pharmacy sales increased 5.4% in the quarter and 4% for the year. Comp prescriptions grew 3.3% in the quarter and 3% for the year. The trend is improving, with comp scripts up 4% in the second half versus 1.9% in the first half.As you will recall, we had some network headwinds in the first half, which we've now lapped. Market share was 21% in the quarter, down 55 basis points versus prior year, mainly due to the store optimization program. For the full year, market share increased 35 basis points to 21.3%.Pharmacy-adjusted gross profit increased in the quarter, with script growth and procurement savings helping to mitigate reimbursement pressure. For the full year, pharmacy-adjusted gross profit was down slightly. Fourth quarter adjusted gross margin was 65 basis points lower than last year, including a 40 basis point mix impact from specialty.Turning next to our U.S. Retail business. Total retail sales declined 3.9% in the quarter, impacted by store optimization. Comp retail sales declined 1.2% and excluding tobacco, comp sales were up 0.5%. Full year comp sales declined 2.4% with 1.6 percentage points due to tobacco.Looking at the second half versus the first half. Second half comp sales were down 1.1% compared with a decline of 3.5% in the first half. Retail-adjusted gross profit declined in the quarter, mostly due to lower reported sales, which were negatively impacted by our store optimization program. We did say last quarter that we expected to see improved retail-adjusted gross margin in the fourth quarter, and I'm pleased to report that adjusted gross margin increased 35 basis points. Full year adjusted gross margin was down 20 basis points, as we adjusted promotional spend in the earlier part of the year.Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International. And as usual, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Boots U.K. comp pharmacy sales declined 2% in the quarter and 1.6% in the year, reflecting lower script volume and a lower NHS funding level, due to timing shift between years.Boots U.K. comp retail sales declined 3.1% in the quarter and 2.6% in the year, as the U.K. market continued to be very challenging. However, we held share in a declining U.K. market with good share performance in beauty. Adjusted operating income was down 20.7% in the quarter and down 16.2% in the year, mainly due to weak retail sales and pressure on retail and pharmacy margins in the U.K.Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency. Our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division delivered another strong quarter with sales up 7.9% led by emerging markets and the U.K. In part, our U.K. performance was aided by a customer contract change which contributed 2.3% of revenue growth.Fourth quarter adjusted operating income increased 6.9% reflecting strong revenue performance and higher earnings from AmerisourceBergen. Full year sales increased 8% and adjusted operating income increased 5.9% versus prior year.Turning next to cash flow. Full year operating cash flow was $5.6 billion and free cash flow was $3.9 billion. Our free cash flow was impacted by some fairly large exceptional items and we have covered these on previous calls. Excluding these exceptional items our 2019 free cash flow was around $5.2 billion.I'll now hand over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. I'm going to update you on our initiatives in the U.K. and the U.S. starting with Boots U.K. Last quarter we talked about a number of initiatives to transform our retail offering, develop healthier services and accelerate digitalization in the U.K. We've introduced new beauty hauls in 26 key locations and we've opened up flagship stores in Covent Garden, London and more recently in Meadowhall, Sheffield.We're also encouraged by our new brand introductions. 18 new beauty brands were introduced to key stores in the year and a further 17 in September. We're developing new initiatives in digital health care with plans for expanding pharmacy services to improve the customer journey and broaden access to health care.We launched our online pharmacy in May 2019, which we've expanded to include repeat prescriptions. We've digitalized the Boots Advantage Card with an app now integrated across our all our main customer platforms. And importantly, boots.com performed well with sales up 14.4% in the year and 18.4% in the fourth quarter.As James mentioned, we continue to take actions to address our U.K. cost base. In February, we announced our intention to reduce Boots' head office costs by 20%. This program has now been completed and the savings will come through in fiscal year 2020.In June, we announced a store optimization program that will impact around 200 Boots locations, reduce the store count by 18 stores by the end of the fiscal year and they're on track to consolidate the remainder by the end of 2020. We have also generated cost reductions through simplification of our care home operations and the supply chain.Turning now to our strategic initiatives in the U.S. We have made significant progress on our four strategic priorities during the year. Let me start with a retail offering, where we focus on delivering health, wellness, beauty and convenience both in-store and online. We remain very pleased about our strategic partnership with Kroger.In August, we announced the expansion of our store pilot to new test locations in Knoxville, Tennessee. The Kroger Express concept will be available in 50 Walgreens stores and their own health and beauty brands will be available to customers in 17 Kroger stores.We are extending our nationwide offering with FedEx. A new customer return system is being introduced to Walgreens stores before the holiday season giving customers an easier returning service for unwanted goods for Walgreens and other selected retailers. We continue to look for solutions for the last mile building on our presence in the community.We have recently announced our first-of-a-kind partnership with Wing to test on-demand drawing delivery, joining up with our previously announced trial with FedEx for robot delivery. We continue to make progress in health and beauty. We have seen strong progress in the U.S. with No7 skincare and we're expanding the distribution of No7 skin care in Walgreens in the months ahead. And last month, we launched a stand-alone No7 website, No7beauty.com, alongside of national U.S. TV campaign.Turning next to health care. We're strongly focused on creating neighborhood health destinations around a more modern pharmacy. We have made significant steps during the year to develop our primary care business. Our model is based on physicians and clinical pharmacists and we'll have primary care locations in four markets across the U.S., working in partnership with partners in primary care, VillageMD and Southwest Medical an Optum Company.We also have plans to develop a new wellness partnership in our stores and I'm delighted to see that we've recently signed a new agreement with Jenny Craig, a health and weight loss management company to open centers in around 100 Walgreens locations by early 2020.We have been interviewing our nurse practitioner clinic model. And we've taken a decision to exit our wholly-owned loss-making clinics, but we will continue to work with our local health system partners, who are running successful clinics in 217 Walgreens locations. We now have a network of 15 partners and we recently signed a new agreement with TriHealth to add further seven clinics.Our collaboration with LabCorp is well on track. We're aiming to open at least 600 LabCorp patient centers across the U.S. providing diagnostic lab testing in the community. We opened 21 centers in the fourth quarter, taking the total to 58.We've also expanded our reach in specialty, making an equity investment in specialty provider Shields Health Solutions. We are an important partner for peers anchored by a national network of local community pharmacies. And we continue to drive better clinical outcomes through patient medication adherence programs, such as Save a Trip Refills which already has over 2.7 million patients signed up as we aim to lower the cost of care.As you've seen we've announced a strategic partnership with Centene, a leading Medicaid insurer and RxAdvance, a cloud-based pharmacy benefit manager. And we recently signed a multi-year Medicare agreement with UnitedHealthcare, including a new co-branded Medicare Advantage plan with Walgreens being the only preferred Retail Pharmacy.Turning next to digitalization. Our partnership with Microsoft signed in January is essential to driving our technology strategy and a cloud migration program is on plan. We have expanded the Find Care platform available on walgreens.com to include new strategic partners and offerings and now has 30 healthcare providers and over 40 services. And we're making good progress in our existing omni-channel business.Our Walgreens app has been downloaded 58.9 million times, up 11.8% since last year and around 26% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels in the quarter, up 14% since last year. And we also have increased our active Balance Rewards members to 89.7 million. Finally, we're also really pleased to report that Walgreens' digitally-initiated sales reached over $15 billion in the year, up around 25% on last year.Now back to James.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Alex. I'll now update you on our Transformational Cost Management Program. While we're making strong progress, in April, we announced we were targeting annual cost savings in excess of $1.5 billion by fiscal 2022. We now have a clearer line of sight to multiple cost saving initiatives over a multi-year period and this gives us the confidence to increase our target.We are now raising the annual cost savings target to in excess of $1.8 billion by fiscal 2022. Additionally, we are rolling working capital programs into the cost management program governance and we see meaningful opportunity to reduce working capital investments over the coming years.Regarding implementation costs, our estimates are unchanged versus the 8-K we filed on August 6. We continue to estimate that the program will result in cumulative GAAP pre-tax charges of approximately $1.9 billion to $2.4 billion. And we recently rebranded the cost management program internally.It's now called Save to Invest to Grow. This emphasizes that we must not only reduce costs to become the leanest operator, but we must also save more to generate the investment dollars needed to fuel long-term capabilities and growth.Let me give you a quick update on some of the actions taken in the quarter. On smart spend we've started making policy changes. For example, we are changing how we manage the external consultants, mandating competitive bidding, and making the contracts more outcome-based.On smart organization, last week we made select reductions in the U.S. support office and additional restructuring is underway in our Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale divisions. We are also working hard to define our new vision and road map for business services. We have completed the review of our real estate footprint and the actions are well underway in both the U.S. and the U.K. And dedicated teams are working hard against our biggest programs, particularly pharmacy costs to fill and shrink. We've reorganized our global digital and IT leadership under a new chief information officer to improve execution and focus. We've also defined a new operating model for our day-to-day IT operations and we've refocused our IT and digital spent to our growth priorities.Now, let's turn to 2020. Let me start by providing some key assumptions for the upcoming year. We are projecting a full year adjusted effective tax rate of around 17% and this may vary depending on the level of discrete items in the year. This will reduce adjusted EPS growth by approximately two percentage points as we lap an exceptionally low tax rate in fiscal 2019. We anticipate full year share repurchases of $1.75 billion. While this is lower than the $3.8 billion of repurchases in fiscal 2019, it is entirely consistent with our prior indications.Share repurchases should contribute around 3.5% to adjusted EPS growth. Within the guidance, we are investing heavily to transform WBA, including modernizing and upgrading our core foundational pharmacy systems and implementing SAP in the U.S. We are also investing in new digital capabilities and we have fully funded the multiple pilots that are ongoing across health care and retail.In fiscal year 2020, we expect to invest $800 million to $850 million, an increase of $250 million to $300 million over the prior year.In terms of operating expenses, we expect to invest $300 million to $350 million in 2020 a year-on-year increase of $100 million to $150 million. Looking specifically at capital expenditures, we anticipate investing around $500 million in fiscal 2020 and this comes on top of $350 million in fiscal 2019. In summary, we are investing strategically to modernize and transform our capabilities to drive future growth.Finally, while we don't provide currency guidance, we have provided our internal currency rates in the appendix. As you will see these assumptions are quite dated and at the time suggest that we could face a negative year-on-year currency impact of around $0.05. The only thing we can be sure of is that, we can expect the situation in the U.K. to remain fluid. The pound/dollar rate has moved quite a bit and external estimates range from $1.14 to $1.35.Turning now to adjusted EPS guidance for 2020, we are projecting constant-currency adjusted EPS growth to be flat. And for a business of our size, you should expect a range of plus or minus 3%. As you work through your models please note that year-on-year adjusted EPS growth is negatively impacted by a lower bonus payout in 2019 and this is a headwind of 6.5%.As we look at adjusted EPS phasing for fiscal year 2020, we expect a balanced performance between the first half and the second half with potentially a slightly stronger second half.Let me now summarize the projected key drivers of adjusted EPS. The lower 2019 fiscal bonus payout leads to a headwind of 6.5%. Obviously this year-on-year impact will negatively impact both SG&A expense and adjusted operating income. The higher tax rate has an impact of approximately 2%. On the other hand, our share repurchase program should generate a favorable tailwind of around 3.5%.Excluding these headwinds and tailwinds, we would expect operational growth of around 5%; within this 5% number, we are funding the incremental investments I mentioned earlier of around 2% and an approximate 1 percentage point impact from removing e-cigarettes from our stores.I will now hand you back to Stefano for his closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. Nobody should be surprised by what we have told you today. After our poor second quarter earnings, we told you what we would be doing here and we have delivered for two quarters. As you have heard, we anticipate a reasonable underlying operating performance for the coming year with solid underlying growth in most of our core businesses. This is very much in line with what we told you some months ago.The action that we have taken to transform our businesses and the drive and focus with which our teams are pursuing our strategic priorities gives me confidence in our ability to deliver this growth.I strongly believe in an expanded role of a pharmacy and in our company's ability to play a significant part in shaping how healthcare is delivered in the community going forward.I remain convinced that we have in our company through our partnerships an extraordinary foundation on which to build. The work currently underway on innovation and transformation across all our businesses, we mean, we can and will continue to deliver real value for our customers and investors for many years to come.Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess so James, I think one of the things that investors are going to struggle with this morning is it looks like if you back out all the puts and takes, the company's guiding to a 4% to 5% core OP growth in fiscal 2020.I guess can you walk through some of the components of that about maybe a little bit on how the company's thinking about volume growth. And I think particularly reimbursement is going to be a big question in 2020? So I guess from a fundamental perspective is, how are you seeing the business -- kind of what are the building blocks for growth for 2020?
James Kehoe: Yes. So that's a good question. So the -- we did call out the operating performance once you take out the headwind coming from the prior year bonus of around 5%. And within that as well, we're also covering 2 percentage point of growth investments, so you're getting closer to a 7%. And then we've removed e-cigarettes, so you could -- actually if you strip out -- these are all the puts and takes, we've laid out on slide 19.So the way I think you should think about this is, we expect relative stability in the wholesale business. So you've seen the very strong performance in the current year. And I'd be calling on a -- something mid-single-digit revenue growth. And then I think as you look at the RPI segment, you'd be looking at probably flat to declining revenue until we see flat line of sight to improve market circumstances in the U.K. And that's the only question mark we have on the segment.And then in the U.S., I think this year the way you should rationalize the U.S. is, this year we had a contribution coming from Rite Aid. If you kind of remove the contribution, I think we're looking forward to pretty strong script growth is our outlook.And then secondly, we see continued recovery in the retail business. So, we had a very strong exit on retail compared with the first half. The same in pharmacy, we saw a strong recovery on scripts second half, first half. We expect to see a continuation of the improved trend. So that would lead to a low single digit revenue in the U.S. business. So I think, if you look at the total company, I think we're looking at something in the low single digit revenue growth maybe 2%, maybe 3%. So take out Rite Aid, this year and you get pretty close to the same kind of number. The way, we thought about reimbursement is we've planned reimbursement slightly higher than the last three-year average, and we expect 2020 to be a continued tough year on reimbursement. And we've planned it relatively conservatively higher than the last three-year average and we're not giving anymore information on that.And then you've seen with the call-up of the cost management program that should give you the confidence that we will have a significant leverage on the cost side to  so a combination of the solid revenue growth, plus generic procurement savings continuing at a similar level plus a cost program that is really ramping up and gaining pace gives us the comfort that we get to this mid-single-digit kind of range, before the bonus impact. And know, I'm love to give you a lot of insights here into how we talk through this. So reimbursement a little bit higher than in the past, but a much stronger cost program to give us the confidence to deliver this base case.
George Hill: James, that's super helpful. And then I guess my quick follow-up would be it sounds like this cost program we should expect to see a lot of it flow through to the bottom line as opposed to reinvestment, I guess that's the right way to think about that?
James Kehoe: Yeah. It's an interesting question and that's why we won't be providing growth savings on the call, because I have a philosophy on this, which is the only thing that matters is what hits the bottom line. And you know, the circumstances of the company and it's  if you think about  if you save on a gross basis you're going to offset your inflation. And for a company this size, you can work it out. It's probably $250 million. And then, if you're growing your scripts at 3%, 4%, 5% that's another $100 million of incremental costs, because you have an incremental cost impact every time you fill in new scripts.So you can be quite easily  before you start the year, you're facing a $400 million headwind. So that's the first part. How do you offset inflation? And how do you offset the impact of volume growth? The second one as you've seen, we've taken a very strong stance on the investments. And I don't want that message to be lost. We're hitting the previously indicated guidance range with substantially higher investments. And that's what the cost program is helping us deliver. So, we quite hopefully put in the magnitude of the investments, we're actually spending this year. And it somewhat gets back to the age of some of the systems we have in the company, where 40% of that investment we have year-on-year is going on new pharmacy systems in the U.S. and U.K. and the implementation of SAP in the U.S. We will be able to take out an enormous amount of inventory over the next three years, as we implement these systems, enormous. So these systems will pay for themselves.The second  the next call it third is on new digital capabilities. And then, the final piece is every time we do a pilot  and the pilots are starting to scale up. We have 60, plus 70  67 just on Kroger. It costs quite a bit of money to reorganize the stores and try these pilots. These are all fully funded. So that's  long answer to your short question was the overhead is to pay for inflation. It's the dramatic step-change in the investment profile of the company to drive sustainable long-term growth. That's the business we're in. We have to drive growth longer term, and then finally as part of the business model, where reimbursement is offset by [generic] [ph] procurement, savings, volume and SG&A and cost discipline.
George Hill: That's very helpful. Thanks, James.
Operator: Next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill: Thank you very much. Good morning. James, I just want to go back to your comment around the strong Rx growth expectation going into 2020. You did talk about the relationship on the preferred side for Medicare with United, but is there anything else that's specifically driving that would be my first question? And then secondly, you talked a little bit about the incremental costs around some of these pilot programs et cetera, but are you starting to see any benefit from some of these pilots and initiatives in the 2020 guidance that you're giving?
James Kehoe: Yeah. Let me give you  I'll give you a quick answer and let Alex then take the more detailed one. Our point on the scripts is, if you take the second half versus first half the scripts are now running at second half 4%. And we had as you know a very weak first half. We were up 1.9%. And that's because we were lapping these call it network changes, where we lost two points in the previous 12 months.And then as you look at the investment profile, I guess that's the upside scenario. We are quite conservative. We build in the cost of executing the initiatives. We do have working capital benefits built in our internal plans. They're quite sizable, so we do expect returns this current year on cash flow.On the pilots themselves, we're not counting on significant flows of income in 2020. These will be building over the next three years and it depends on the success. Any one of them can become significant upside. We just have to see how the pilots play out in the next 12 months.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, James. Hi, Lisa. Morning.
Lisa Gill: Good morning.
Alex Gourlay: Morning. Yeah, I think with regarding prescription growth we see a return to normal market in Med D driven by the fact that we got preferred relationships with some of the bigger plans. And we may have lost some of the small preferred access, but they are very small numbers otherwise. So, overall, we feel pretty good about that. You saw an announcement with Centene, where we intend to be more proactive in the Medicaid space going forward as well. There's still areas that we're working on. First of all, we are able to retain more customers. For example, I mentioned Save a Trip Refill in our prepared remarks. That's driving better retention adherence.And last not least, of course, we are able to consolidate pharmacies, not just Rite Aid but the marketplace is changing. We're seeing more pharmacies than normal on the marketplace. And we have a good pipeline of pharmacies that we'll be able to secure in the future and consolidate as the number of pharmacies in the U.S. for the first time for a long time seem to be in decline. So, we're pretty confident that we'll be at the mark -- or maybe somewhat ahead of the market overall with all of these initiatives in terms of pharmacy growth.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up I just want to make sure I understand this. So, we think about its operational growth of roughly 5%, James you talked about topline of 2% to 3%. So, we're talking about cost-cutting and leverage of this business including I think -- I just want to make I heard this correctly that reimbursement is higher. And when you think about it the reimbursement cuts are higher than what you saw in the last three years. So, you're conservative on reimbursement. It sounds like Alex that you have a line of sight to where the scripts are coming from, from that perspective 2% to 3% on the topline. Cost-cutting is going to get you to that five percentage range. Do I have that all correct?
James Kehoe: Yes. Just be careful. The revenue doesn't track the scripts. So, for example, and I won't say much more than this, if you assume higher generic penetration which typically improves and has been improving over a fairly long period of time and will still improve not by major amounts that will have a deflationary amount on your -- deflationary impact on your revenue.So, we would believe that the scripts would be higher than 2% to 3%. So, there'll be much more leverage in the income statement. So, the 2% call it 3% of revenue that includes a deflation assumption for a higher utilization of generics.
Lisa Gill: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. First, I know there's a reference in your U.S. Retail Pharmacy comment to improve a higher brand inflation. I wonder if we can get you to comment on what you saw -- what you're referring to there and where did you end up for the year and maybe any comment on what's embedded in your outlook for 2020.
James Kehoe: Yes. We are -- on brand AWP. We think the average on a mix constant basis that we saw over the entire year was about 5%, but it was trending up in the second half of the year. So, the actual assumption on brand AWP doesn't have a massive impact on the income statement.Honestly, the generic consumptions are much more important, but we're planning roughly the same kind of number. We're planning at the average level of the year. So, more like a 5%. We're not planning on -- in the 8% sort or 9%s where it has been touching in some recent months with a lot of--
Alex Gourlay: Yes, that's right A.J. I think -- and obviously you look at the innovation in the marketplace and see what we're getting as well and in this particular year be more or less marked. So, I agree with James. A general increase has been happening this year, but we're not banking on it continuing and we see a trend a bit the same going to next year.
James Kehoe: Yes.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then maybe just follow-up -- or second one. On the pilots, I know it's a little unclear when they're going to swing positive, but I just want to make sure I understand. Is the main concept of the contribution from those the LabCorp, the VillageMD, the stuff with Optum and Humana, is that foot traffic? Is it your percentage of the earnings of those entities themselves? How's the company going to benefit from those ventures?
James Kehoe: It is a mix. Yes, it's a mix. Each one will be slightly different, but you could envisage that a fairly standard one would be -- there'll be a rental contribution because we're giving up space in the store. There's probably some element of a share of the total business that the supplier does in that case the partner does in that case.And then arguably the most important one is the foot traffic benefit where we have quite sophisticated models in the case of existing types of businesses. So, we know if there's a primary care. That's why we're testing these pilots. We're trying to see the uplifts on both retail and on scripts. So, you've got three sources of income in most cases.And when we say there isn't a contribution the FedEx agreement delivers favorable contribution already and we're already at full capacity basically. Already LabCorp on an income basis is positive. What's negative is we're investing capital every time we touch the store. So, it's more a cash flow negative. Some of these are neutral to positive already, but as we roll out the 600 LabCorp stores, there's capital being expanded to reset each of the stores.
Alex Gourlay: A.J. I think just one additional thing. The here was quite important particularly in pharmacy. So, we are really looking to see -- convinced that having a general practitioner in a pharmacy alongside a pharmacist working together not only drives additional prescriptions and a wee which is completely legal, but also provides better patient care. And that combination will lead to new platforms in the future we've spoken about as we look to not just provide a digital care, but also digital care in the community.So, again, its early days, but we are very excited about this idea of doctor-led and pharmacist-enabled including that partnership going forward in that model, yes.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Thanks. That's great.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Costa: Thank you. Can you talk a little bit more about your AllianceRx Walgreens Prime specialty solutions business versus the Shields Health Solutions business? And what is your strategy going forward for bringing in the specialty revenues to the company?
Alex Gourlay: Sure. Hi Peter, it's Alex here. Yes, I think that they are set at the moment. So, let me deal with our investment in Shields to start with that. They really walk with health systems to enable the health system to take better care of the patients as they go back into community.We have a number of local assets both in hospital systems and also specialty pharmacies where we want to make sure that working with the local health system, we can help them to service and take care of that patient more directly. So it's early days, but that's the model there. Really it's a community model.Our work with AllianceRX is really about the central model in the mean, and of course, working very closely with the owners of Prime which are the Blues and particularly the financial contracts. Obviously, we've put together our business with their business just over two years ago. And the business is now performing from an operational point of view very well, but clearly the market is changing and we're looking forward to how we can of course accelerate growth and work even closer with the Blues in that model going forward.So if you think of them as two separate areas at this stage, and of course, we recognize the incredible importance of specialty and the new drugs in the marketplace in the years ahead, I think 50% of the value of medication will be in specialty within three years. So of course, we're working very hard on both the individual piece, I've mentioned, but also how we combine the Walgreens brand and all of our assets over time to create a more powerful specialty model with our -- partners.
Peter Costa: Can you help us understand more how the revenue stream is going to flow from these various products in terms of -- and concepts that you have in specialty because of more of a clearer strategy from you in terms of what your goal is to deliver?
Alex Gourlay: Well, I think -- I'd go back to the central model, which is the predominant one at the moment in terms of the model there. You can see that our growth has been pretty reasonable this year in 20%. And that will continue as a market growth. We want to grow with Prime and grow it with that model.The other -- and of course, 340B, again, is another area where we're growing as well. So that's pretty clear.Now again, we're not the biggest, but we're a lot bigger than we were two years ago and growing faster than we were two years ago. With the Shields one, it's an early stage investment. We're a minority shareholder and we're developing the local community model and specialty. We believe that more and more patients will want to be taken care of closer to their home and closer to the community. And as drugs develop, there will be new payment models. So we believe this model will be more suited too.
Peter Costa: Thank you. That's helpful. And then just separately I just want to clarify something. The tobacco pressure from e-cigarettes of 1% next year, is that the only tobacco pressure? Or is there further of the tobacco de-emphasis in next year's numbers?
Alex Gourlay: We see continuing  obviously, we will cycle for example New York City on January 1st when we -- when that was confirmed by the status coming out of tobacco for all pharmacies and other states may well take action in a similar vein, we don't know yet. So we expect the pressure on tobacco sales to continue into next year, but not that at the same extent as we had in the last 12 months.
Peter Costa: Okay. So that will be on top of that 1%?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, but not as much as we've seen this year. This year we've seen about 1% due to normal tobacco, and we think that will be less next year as we cycle particularly New York.
Peter Costa: Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes. Just to confirm the 1% only covers the exit of e-cigarettes, 1% of EPS actually.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah.
James Kehoe: And you would have a further pressure in the retail segment in the U.S. more on the revenue line as a result of the continued decline of tobacco.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. Yeah. More than ready, yeah, yeah.
Peter Costa: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Good morning everyone. I'm a little confused in one of the comments you made earlier and that you expected reimbursement to be a little bit better than it had been over the last three years. Did I hear that correctly? And I just wanted to make sure that was -- we did hear that correctly. And if you're referring to pharmacy reimbursement, as I thought there were some PBM renewals that were coming up, and I was wondering what the impact of those might be in terms of your guidance?
James Kehoe: I'll correct that. No, no. We actually said it will be worse than the average of the last three years. And you're exactly right. The main reasons why 2020 would be worse than the last three-year average would be, there's probably I would say higher percentage of PBM renewals in 2020 than there is over the following two years.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. Yeah.
James Kehoe: So that's the reason why we've planned that way. But you're exactly right, it's worse than the average over the last few years. Yes.
Alex Gourlay: Okay. It's perfect. And what's happening with the commercial and the Medicaid plans? They're moving from three-year renewals to more like two-year renewals on average. And the bigger -- you know that there's been more consolidation that's happened. So that's actually the reason for James' comments.
Kevin Caliendo: One quick follow-up. I think you're no longer a preferred pharmacy in SilverScript. Is that correct? And if so can you just talk about what that might have done to the comps going forward?
Alex Gourlay: Our position in SilverScript's hasn't changed. We've been generally either in the open or non-preferred really for quite a while. So that piece has not changed.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I'd start it with the direct savings. I think in the past you said that the long-term plan is to save 50% to 60% of reimbursement pressure or to be offset by generic savings. So when you think about that long-term goal where are you at now into 2020?
James Kehoe: We're probably in the range of 40% to 50%. As I said, we change the planning assumptions quite frequently based on the latest visibility. We saw generic deflation in 2019 of around 8%. That's mix-constant. So it would actually be lower than that if you include all the changes and new molecules that comes in.And we've planned relatively consistent with that, but I think realistically I think generic deflation over the next three years is probably a single digit kind of number with some years going up a high single digit. I don't think we'll turn back to double-digit kind of numbers.So we've adjusted. We're probably in the range of 40% to 50%, as we look forward in terms of how much of the reimbursement we expect to offset through procurement initiatives.
Alex Gourlay: And I would answer  sorry, Ricky you go.
Ricky Goldwasser: No, no, go ahead.
Alex Gourlay: I would just say that we've got good line of sight into these savings as well. We've been working on this pretty hard to make sure we protect our customers and we drive efficiency. And again the volume increase that we spoke to earlier in the call, which will improve as the year develops is another important component of driving a more efficient pharmacy.
Ricky Goldwasser: So just to confirm when we think about this updated number of 40% to 50% is that 40% to 50% that you're going to achieve in 2020? Or is that 40% to 50% that's in the long-term plan?
James Kehoe: Yeah that's too specific a goal to be setting ourselves right now. I think our -- we've already given enough thoughts I think. But you can plot out -- I think if you can, kind of, triangulate this if you assume by single digit deflation on generics you can get close to the number.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then when we think about the modern multi-channel strategy, you've announced a few months ago that you were going to close 200 stores in the U.S. Really when you think about the strategy that it's shaping out, when we think longer term over time, what is the type of the infrastructure? What's the size of the store infrastructure you think needed in the U.S. compared to existing?
Alex Gourlay: It's Alex here Ricky. We don't see a lot of change. I've always been of the view that we can have roundabout 10,000 pharmacies probably more than we have today, although at different formats. So the format that we have today is really you see that a suburban drug store or the urban store that we have in the big cities, we're developing a small store pharmacy. We got about I think 30 or 40 now actively in the ground. And we're pleased with the results, lower cost more focus on pharmacy and OTC health care and obviously pick up as well. So we're developing that format. So we still got opportunities to fill in some networks.And going forward -- and I think also remember there are 65,000 pharmacies, thereabouts, in the U.S. today and they're coming down in number. So we believe that our efficient supply chain, the strength of our brand and the quality of our pharmacists and the support they're getting through the new IT infrastructures and digital capabilities we're investing in that we will be able to improve not just the efficiency of the pharmacy, but the quality of the care that we provide to patients and payers going forward and have more percent of the pharmacies in the U.S. over time.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Good morning guys. Just a follow-up to that question from Ricky. So as we think about where the store base is going, going forward where you're adding a lot of services Kroger, LabCorp, FedEx, how should we be thinking about the gross profit dollars per store? I get the gross margin commentary of how you guys are obviously doing a lot of things there, but how should we be thinking about the gross margin profile -- or the gross profit dollars given that it becomes more like rent revenue rather than true gross profit margins?
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. It's Alex here. Again we do have a successful front-end-business. And I know we've not spoken about that very much today, and that's improved materially from a profitability point of view over the last period. So I think that -- I think you should think about costs coming down from a rental point of view for sure both in terms of as we rent space but also as we take advantage of the fact that we're over-rented today and a lot of these leases are coming towards us in the years ahead. In terms of cost profit dollars, our intention is to drive sales and drive profitable growth going forward.I don't know James you want to speak about the rental opportunity?
James Kehoe: I think if you think about it though the first place you go to is the storage in the stores. So these stories were built in a time when a lot of inventory was in the physical location. If you plot out three years from now there'll be no inventory in the stores in the back-office. So that freed up a couple 1,000, 2,000 square feet per stores. So if you think about it the first piece of the development was free because we've downsized the back-office and the storage space. So the impact on our revenue throughput was minimal.And as we go through each of the partnerships because we're getting an uplift there's a lot of science that goes into this. So we'll be losing -- if you shrink the size of your retail footprint how much you are losing versus you're going to get some uplift from the increased traffic, I don't think you're going to see a massive reduction in the space -- sorry in the revenue as a result of this, quite the contrary.So what you end up with is a more efficient box where you're probably dedicating less space to some categories where you weren't making very much money. You've gotten rid of your storage. You got rid of your back-office. And then you've got value-added services who are attracting different customers in there. And ideally your foot traffic has gone up as a result of that and a more efficient sales per square foot.So I don't think you'll see the revenue. I think Alex is right. I think you'll see the revenue find consistent with what we have potentially improving. And then you see a big change in the rent. And bear in mind that we're quite over rented, so it's a long-term opportunity for the company versus our competitors, we probably years ago entered into lease contracts that were in the best locations, the nicest places and probably overpaid a bit.So as you look forward over a multiyear horizon, we would expect consistent quite material reductions in the cost of rent. And then at the same time, we make each store more efficient in what's in each of the stores. I hope that gives you enough insights on it.
Brian Tanquilut: No that's great. Just my follow-up. As we think about 2020, are there any network changes you want to -- you need to call out just so that we're aware of? Or is it clear?
Alex Gourlay: It's pretty clear. I mean, I think there's been  obviouslym there's been the conversation high over the weekend, which we were aware of a few weeks ago. Disappointed that CareSource have taken this decision but recognize that's their decision to take. But we are -- have got other games to make that up in other networks. So we think it's pretty balanced over the year and we're very confident in our ability to grow the market in 2020.
Gerald Gradwell: We have time for just one more question I am afraid.
Operator: We have a question from Steve Valiquette with Barclays.
Steve Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning. So with Walmart announcing a big push in the primary care clinical services and a perception among some investors that Walmart may be offering these services at lower prices than the competition, I guess I'm just curious to hear your high-level thoughts on whether this may influence your pricing or marketing strategy and/or the timing of rollout of your own clinical services strategy at Walgreens over the next couple of years.And then on the plus side of this, could the -- just the notion of greater visibility overall on primary care offerings in the traditional retail setting maybe be a net positive for Walgreens and really all the players at this early stage? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, Steve. Yes. No, we think that it's a good move for retail to be involved in health care as that happens in a place like Walmart in 206 huge successful company and they do it well then we think that'll help us because, we've got a great brand. We think, we've got strong, better community locations. And we've got more focus on pharmacy there and more focus on health care relationships. So, overall, we think that's going to be an advantage to us. And we'll continue with our own strategy, developing and investing in the way that James and I have described this morning.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: You see, we have declared that we have been very open sometimes ago that we wanted to change our model that we wanted to really create not just a physical transformation of our pharmacies offering more and more services to our customers, but we wanted to change the model. Having a complete different relationship with our customers and this is what we are doing and you can see small things here and there that are already public that give -- can give you this feeling.Now, everybody is coming to this concept, but I can assure you that we are quite advanced, more advanced than you can see outside the company. And we have done a lot of tests because when you change something in the company and you roll over your new ideas to the stores, you have to invest a huge amount of capital. And so you have to be sure, that you are doing the right things. And this is why, we are doing so many tests and this is why, we are working behind the scenes to prepare our future in something that could give us the right return in a reliable way.So, we are not worried to see that everybody's going into this direction because this is what we saw two years ago, maybe more, three years ago. And we are working on that. And we believe that at the end we are more advanced than other people even though this is not clearly understandable outside the company.
Steve Valiquette: Thank you. I appreciate the extra color. Thanks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. And we haven't, I know answered all your questions, but that's all we do have time for on the call. As ever Jay and the IR team are here to take any further questions you have off call, but thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-06-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.Mr. Gerald Gradwell, you may begin your conference.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. I am here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens.Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially.Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our investor relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald, and hello, everyone. After what was a very disappointing second quarter for us, it is pleasing to be able to report that this quarter has been broadly in line with our expectations. That said, the pressures we have seen for sometimes continue to impact our businesses and we still have a lot to do to deliver the transformation that will allow us to get ahead of the market trends again and return our company to strong and consistent growth.We were clear that the action we were undertaking to address the market changes take time and the impact will therefore not fully be reflected in our financial performance until future financial years. But we have been working hard to accelerate our plans and program.I have repeatedly said that we have, within our company, the skills and the assets we need to address the challenges that we face as our markets evolve and transform. Last quarter, we told you that we would focus on accelerating the work we are doing to transform our company. We are doing that.The Transformational Cost Management Program that we began early this year is one of the underlying foundations of the changes that we need to make. Most importantly, this program will help drive a structural change in the company, making us a more efficient, more agile and more responsive organization.It is expected to provide a significant portion of the funding required for our major technology upgrade and development investments. And, of course, an element of it will help to give us a bridge in our financial performance, as we restructure our businesses to better meet the needs of an ever more rapidly changing market.James and Alex will address some of these points, as they talk you through the quarter, which I will ask them to do now. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $1.47, a constant currency decline of 2.4% versus prior year. The results were slightly ahead of our expectations and included some timing benefits from the fourth quarter. Overall, we are tracking well against our strategic goals.We are quite encouraged by U.S. comp sales, which were exactly what we needed to deliver to stay on track to meet our full year expectations. And while it is still early days, our Transformational Cost Management Program is very much on track and accelerating. Based on our performance in the quarter, we are reaffirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance. We continue to expect the year to be roughly flat on a constant currency basis.Let's now look in more detail at the numbers. In the third quarter, sales increased 0.7%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 2.9%, mainly due to growth in Retail Pharmacy USA and the strong performance from our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division.Adjusted operating income declined 11.7%, or 10.4% on a constant currency basis. This was mainly due to lower pharmacy margins and a decline in front of store sales in the U.S. and lower results in Boots UK. Adjusted EPS declined 4% to $1.47, a decrease of 2.4% on a constant currency basis. This includes a 5.8 percentage point contribution from our share repurchase program.GAAP operating income declined 24.7%, including $86 million of expenses related to the implementation of our Transformational Cost Management Program and $115 million relating to our share of AmerisourceBergen's impairment of PharMEDium. In total, these adjustments account for more than 50% of the year-on-year decline. GAAP EPS declined 16.5% to $1.13 per share.Year-to-date sales increased 4.9%, including a currency headwind of 1.9%. On a constant currency basis, year-to-date sales were up 6.8%, reflecting 7.7% growth in Retail Pharmacy USA and 8% growth in Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Adjusted operating income declined 8.9% or 7.8% on a constant currency basis. This was more than offset by a 4.8 percentage point contribution from share repurchases and 3.2% from tax, contributing to an increase in adjusted EPS, which was up 1.6% on a constant currency basis.Now let's look at the performance of our divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales increased 2.3% in the quarter, mainly due to pharmacy brand inflation and pharmacy script growth. Organic sales increased 2.9%. Adjusted gross profit declined 3.9% and gross margin declined 140 basis points, mostly due to pharmacy.Adjusted SG&A spend decreased 0.7%. And adjusted SG&A was 17.3% of sales, an improvement of 0.5 percentage point compared to the year ago quarter. Adjusted operating income declined 13.8% in the quarter, procurement savings, pharmacy script growth and continued SG&A savings were not enough to offset reimbursement pressure and the lower front of store sales. These results also included store and labor investments of $40 million in the quarter, equivalent to approximately 270 basis points of adjusted operating income.Now let's look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.3%, reflecting higher brand inflation, prescription volume growth and a strong growth in central specialty, which grew 8.6% year-on-year. Comp pharmacy sales increased 6% and comp prescriptions grew 4.7% in the quarter, a strong improvement on the first half growth of 1.9%.Market share was 21.2% in the quarter, down 50 basis points versus prior year, due entirely to our store optimization program. Pharmacy gross profit declined versus prior year, as script growth was more than offset by lower gross margin. Gross margin was around 150 basis points lower than last year, due to continued reimbursement pressure, adverse mix associated with brand inflation, and a 50 basis point impact due to the faster growing specialty business. These impacts were partially offset by procurement savings. The key to offsetting long-term reimbursement pressure is, building scale, driving efficiency and creating a sizable health care services business.Turning next to our U.S. Retail business. Total retail sales decreased 2.9% and were negatively impacted by our store optimization program. Comp retail sales declined 1.1%, an improvement on the first half comp decline of 3.5%. Tobacco accounted for 150 basis points of the comp sales decline, but we did benefit from a 65 basis point tailwind as a result of the cough cold and flu season.Retail gross profit declined mostly due to lower sales, which as I mentioned earlier, were negatively impacted by our store optimization program. Gross margin was down slightly by 20 basis points, an improving trend versus the second quarter, as we rebalanced our promotional mix. We expect to see a continued improvement in gross margin trends in the fourth quarter.Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International. As usual, I'll talk to constant currency numbers. Total sales declined 1.6%, mainly due to a 1% decline in Boots U.K. in a challenging market. Boots U.K. comp pharmacy sales increased 0.8%, reflecting prescription growth in the quarter. Whereas comp retail sales declined 2.6%, as we continued to gain share in a weak market.Our beauty reinvention is now in place in 26 stores, and we remain on track to introduce 25 new brands in 2019. Adjusted operating income was down 10.5% due to weak retail sales and lower pharmacy margins in the U.K. Our U.K. pharmacy business was impacted by temporary industry-wide NHS underfunding and higher generic pricing. These impacts were only partially offset by prescription volume growth. We are taking actions to address our U.K. cost base, and I will cover these a little later.Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency. The division delivered another strong quarter with sales up 8.3%, led by emerging markets. Our U.K. performance was aided in part by a customer contract change mentioned last quarter, which contributed 2.3% to revenue growth. Adjusted operating income increased 9.4%, reflecting strong gains in Turkey and solid results from our European business.Turning next to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $3.2 billion for the first nine months of the year. Free cash flow was $2 billion. Operating cash flow was impacted by headwinds of around $1.4 billion. We are lapping a one-time prior year of working capital benefit of $502 million, cash tax payments are $395 million higher, mainly as a result of U.S. tax reform.This year includes legal settlements of $276 million. And we have $200 million of cash costs relating to the ongoing Rite Aid store optimization and integration, and the transformational cost management program. Underlying working capital increased approximately $500 million, primarily due to higher sales.Cash capital investment was $1.2 billion for the first nine months, $264 million higher than the prior year. This was due mostly for the impact of the Rite Aid store conversions.Turning now to our Transformational Cost Management Program. We remain on target to deliver $1.5 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal 2022. Our smart spending benchmarking is complete, targets and execution plans are setup, and we're accelerating a wide-ranging program to reduce pharmacy cost to fill. The 20% headcount reduction at our Boots U.K. headquarters and the reorganization of our U.S. fuel supervision structure are now complete.On digitalization, our Microsoft cloud migration is moving at pace, and we have now started working on optimizing our many IT vendors. Work has also began on building out compelling consumer-value propositions. Given the difficult market conditions in the U.K., we have completed the review of our store portfolio, and have started a store optimization program that will impact around 200 locations over the course of the next 18 months.Many of these 200 stores are loss making, and approximately two-thirds of them are within walking distance of another Boots store. While the stores we plan to close represent around 8% of our store base, we expect the revenue impact will be around 1%. We do not expect a significant impact on colleagues, as we plan to redeploy to nearby stores. We are also reviewing our real estate footprint in the U.S. and accelerating the pace of change, especially in our U.S. supply chain. More to follow in the coming months, as we work through these key opportunities.Turning to guidance. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter was slightly ahead of our expectations aided by some timing benefits. As a result, we are reaffirming our full year guidance, and we expect adjusted EPS to be roughly flat on a constant currency basis.As a reminder, last quarter we told you to expect a range of plus or minus 2%. Given the normal level of volatility in a business of this size, we feel this range is still appropriate. Let me just give you a couple of assumptions. As you update your models, you should now be building in $0.06 of negative currency impacts, and this is $0.02 worse than our prior guidance.We continue to project full year share repurchases of $3.8 billion, contributing 4.8 percentage points to adjusted EPS growth. And, we now project a full year adjusted effective tax rate of around 15.5%, compared to our earlier guidance of 16% to 17%. The lower rate reflects nonrecurring discrete benefits and changes to our geographic mix.When we provided our original fiscal 2019 guidance, we highlighted incremental store and labor investments of around $150 million. As we accelerate the pace of our digital investments, we now expect total incremental spend of approximately $175 million with a significant portion of the additional spend coming in the fourth quarter.Let me finish by highlighting the change in revenue trends coming from Rite Aid. We saw positive revenue contributions from the Rite Aid acquisition in the first two quarters of the year. From this quarter on, Rite Aid is actually a headwind to reported revenue due to the ongoing store optimization program.I'll now hand you over to Alex, and he will update you on some of the business initiatives we have underway in the U.S.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James, and hello, everyone. During the quarter, we continue to make progress in our four strategic priorities; accelerating digitalization, transforming and restructuring our retail offering, creating a neighborhood health destination around a more modern pharmacy, and rolling out our Transformational Cost Management program.We'll also continuing to develop our omni-channel offering. Our Walgreens app has now been downloaded 57.3 million times, up 10.5% since last year. Around 26% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels in the quarter, up 18.4% since last year, and also increased our active Balance Rewards members to 90.2 million.In Retail, our leading beauty brands No7 performed exceptionally well in the quarter. In Walgreens, sales of No7 were up by over 50% helped by the launch and advertising of the No7 Laboratories Line Correcting Booster Serum and our other retail partners saw significant growth.In addition to beauty, we're working on refreshing our own brand portfolio in Walgreens to drive sales and improve the customer value proposition. During the past two years over 60% of the Walgreens own brand product portfolio has been re-launched or rebranded enhancing the customer offer through better value and quality to deliver improvements in sales and margin. This work is ongoing.Rite Aid is very much on track. Against our store optimization program we've completed 631 of the planned 750 stores closures and we continue to see good customer retention.As to the many Walgreens own ready stores, 394 have been successfully converted to Walgreens and we expect to complete the Rite Aid integration by the end of fiscal year 2020.We've taken further steps to develop our neighborhood health destinations, working with our partners including LabCorp and Humana and as we announced during the quarter VillageMD. With VillageMD we will be opening five state-of-the-art primary care clinics in the eastern area by the end of the year branded Village Medical at Walgreens.We also remain on track to open 125 LabCorp outlets at Walgreens stores this year. And finally on Kroger the teams are working well together and so far the initial customer response has been positive.I'll now hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. So as you have heard we have already delivered what we expected. But we have a lot of work ahead to get the business growing again. We have been working hard to initiate or accelerate the changes we need to keep us in line with or leading the market.We are investing heavily in updating our systems and the infrastructure, creating efficiencies and capabilities, which will give us scope of development for many years to come.We are developing new ways to engage with our customers, introducing new services and products through new channels. We are working with partners who bring us the skills, resources, scale and expertise that complement our own to accelerate our development give us access to new thinking market and allow us to create significant new income streams.At the same time, we are continuing our focus on transforming our traditional areas of business but rest the challenges of our core markets. Economic and reimbursement pressures have long been and remain a fact of life for us. Over the years we have developed values at different levels to mitigate the impact of this pressure.In recent years, a major element of this mitigation has been improvement in generic procurement, made possible by changes in the global generics manufacturing sector, ongoing patent expires and significant development in the actual procurement process, all of which have led to continued improvement in buying terms.These buying benefits have enabled us to compensate for the significant demand made on us by payers. As we have made clear, the level to which we can mitigate current and future reimbursement pressure toward generic procurement has reduced, although it will continue to be an important lever for many years to come.Recognizing this we are accelerating other levers to mitigate the pressures. We have more to do to cost saving and efficiency and we expect consistent savings well into the future. There is no doubt that over time we also have to build a range of services and service level that drive benefits for our payer partners.We believe that the future of pharmacy is aligned to a wider range of health care services provided efficiently and conveniently in a community setting. This is why we are exploring partnerships with a wide range of innovative expert in various fields, allowing us to offer a better service more effectively and at a lower cost to offset than we would be able to do if we had set these services up on our own or paid a significant premium for them. Of course, many of the services are still being tested or are still in development.Let me clear, however, while the number of partnership we are piloting has the potential to have a meaningful impact on our business, no single one of these will define or frame our future. In truth it will be a combination of products and services, working together in the convenience of a community pharmacy that will forward the basis of our future customer proposition. The mixture of products and services will inevitably bring together a range of complex and differentiated business models. Their economics will be least impact based on changes to individual's health condition management and over all wellbeing over many years.The consequence of getting these services right has a huge potential benefit for us for our partners and for our customers. But if we rush into them without truly understanding the operational or financial model, we have the risk of wasting an extraordinary amount of time, resources and more. We might be sure of what we are doing before we enter into these businesses in scale.Today many people are looking at our company indeed at our sector, focused on the immediate risk they perceive us to face. And I understand this; we are far from complacent about the pressures we face.However, we can see the inherent strength of our business. There is an ever increasing demand for effective, efficient and convenient support for people to manage their health conditions while leading productive and fulfilling lives in their local communities. The unique positioning of community pharmacy and our place in the sector gives us practical and financial scale, reach and strength.It gives us a robust platform, on which to evolve and transform our company to meet the ever changing needs of the markets we serve. And it gives us a fantastic foundation from, which to deliver innovation, growth and value for our customers and our shareholders for many years to come.Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good morning, Stefano and James. Thanks for taking the question. So, as the U.S. Retail Pharmacy business remains difficult really for all types of stores and operators across the entire industry, we're getting the sense that there could be an additional opportunity among the larger mass merchandisers in the U.S. for a store-within-a-store deal where a Walgreens or a CDS could take over the pharmacies within a specific large U.S. mass merchandiser.So I'm just curious to hear about your current appetite for an opportunity like this right now in the U.S. given the simultaneous store rationalization program that you're going through right now and also your other initiatives in the U.S.? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Steve its Alex here. One of our strategies clearly there is to grow volume and to make our business bigger to get scale. So we -- and also partnership is really important to us as we've said many, many times. So with the market changes and these changes are really -- you can see the number of pharmacies in the U.S. is in decline as measured for the first time for a long time.We are obviously open to partnership in this area. We bring scale, we bring expertise and we're investing as Stefano said in his remarks and Jim said in pharmacy and the pharma supply chain. So we're open. And, of course, well look for every opportunity available providing a mix that makes sense for us our partners and increase the quality of our business.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Just one other quick one. As we think about the narrow network opportunities for calendar 2020. Just curious if you could see the potential for meaningful market share shifts for 2020 among the large retail pharmacies like yourself given the level of RFP activity? Or do you think it's going to be a quieter year for calendar 2020 just in terms of narrow network opportunities and potential market shifts within the marketplace?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Steve, it's Alex again. We think it's probably more normal. Again, we've laid out our plans in terms of the heightened growth that we expect. And we think it's a more normal year. Now of course, within that there is always opportunities and there is always challenges, but we think it's a probably more normal year than 2020.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got you.
Alex Gourlay: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the questions. James, you mentioned that the results included some timing benefits from the fourth quarter. I was just curious, if you could share the source of those benefits and anything on the size of those benefits would be helpful?
James Kehoe: Okay. Yes. Roughly the -- we had two impacts in the quarter. One was timing. And I would say that's around $0.03 or $35 million is our best estimate. And the other one is whereas we also highlighted in the comments, we're ramping up the amount of spending in store labor and now digital and development expense. So we've increased the spending on the full year by 150 to -- from $150 million to $175 million. There is about a $0.01 of that in the fourth quarter. So think about roughly around $50 million. Around $0.04-ish was it. And when you get to the two timing items, one was $0.02 of the $0.03, but essentially the timing of payer contracts, when you do the compliance and true-up part of you or his outcomes or whether you hit volumes in certain tiers. And that's the normal course of business, but we had expected that in Q4.And then a $0.01 is coming from expense timing. We accelerated some real estate savings from Q4 into Q3. So it was actually one of the quieter quarters in terms of volatility very few surprises. What's interesting here -- maybe I'll take the opportunity. As you start looking out into Q4, because this takes some income out of Q4. Our Q4 targets is actually quite -- when you start working through it, you start working out your estimates. Bear in mind, we had two large onetime items last year. And on an EPS basis, we're cycling through these.The first one is you'll recall there was a large true-up, a curtailment benefit relating to retiree medical. That was $110 million. And then in the prior quarter of last year, we made an adjustment for legal cost which was onetime and that was approximately $60 million. So that's another $0.05. So if you think about it, we have a 10 percentage point headwind on EPS in Q4. So we actually -- if you -- when you dissect Q4, we're looking forward to pretty good improving margin trends on the gross margin. And the headwind is all on the overheads and it's all due to onetime items in the prior year.So I think as you shift through it -- this -- the volatility in Q3 was actually quite low. When you get into Q4, think more that we have two large items last year. So actually, when you analyze the result, the core performance is actually quite -- it's improving quite a bit. I hope that's helped a little bit.
Robert Jones: That's very helpful, James. Thank you. And I guess just one other follow-up. In your prepared remarks, you guys highlighted again that you're reviewing the real estate footprint in the U.S. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit just your thoughts around, how we should be thinking about the store rationalization. Is this going to be a bigger focus? Or is this kind of just ongoing course of business at this point?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Bob, it's Alex here. Yes, it's more ongoing course of business. In a way this is regular. We have over 9,000 drug stores in America. Therefore, things change customers shift opportunities move. We're also thinking about new formats as we spoke before and answered previous questions. So this is just normal business.
James Kehoe: And just to add though, the calculations are complex. We have to look at the lease portfolio, it's a store-by-store assessment. And the teams are working through 9,500 stores, which is quite the heavy workload. And we just recently confirmed the 200 stores in the U.K. and moving -- we'll move ahead aggressively on that. And it's quite interesting as you go through it, about 60% of the stores in the U.K. that we're closing lose money. Not all of them, but some of the others are very like the Rite Aid optimization. Where there is -- think of it as a fly by. So we closed two stores, close to each other in the U.K. And sometimes they were a five-minute walking distance and they're transferring over to scripts, but you're taking out fixed cost structure.So the calculations are quite complex. It's -- you have to assess are you leaving a trading area, which we generally don't like to do. We want to preserve our presence both in the U.K. and in the U.S. And I would highlight that in the U.K., we highlighted in the comments, we're reducing the store count by 8%. The impact on revenue is around 1%. So I don't want to call that rounding. But it has no strategic impact on our ability to maintain our strength of our position in the U.K. I would actually argue on the contrary. It makes us even stronger, because we're a profitable operator in the U.K. market.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for all that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Eugene Kim: Hi. This is Eugene dialed in for Justin. Quick question on the U.S. pharmacy gross margin. It decline 150 basis points year-over-year, if we read it correctly. And it seems like Q3 was a clean quarter to compare year-over-year, because FEP specialty contract lapped. How do we should think about -- how should we think about this going forward? Is this a rate of decline in the near term that we can -- that we should consider?
James Kehoe: I'll take a shot on that. And I'll ask Alex to weigh in afterwards. I think the -- we cycle through the FEP contracts, the specialty business growing at 8.6%. We would expect that always to grow at faster than the core business. So we'll always be somewhat dilutive to margins.One other thing there is other dynamics in the quarter. So in the quarter, we sold more branded and the margin on branded is lower than it is on generic and that creates a mix impact as well. And that's as significant as any other impact. And the problem is, we can't project with accuracy, the individual mix in any single quarter. But if you take out a lot of these mix items, the core reimbursement net of procurement and other mitigations was actually a pretty solid quarter.We do expect some improvement in both retail and gross margin  sorry, retail and pharmacy gross margins in Q4. That's as far as we're willing to go. So this is not something you should take and extrapolate out as 150 basis points on pharmacy. We do expect some improvements in the trend in Q4. But mix and everything else plays into it, it would be a very long discussion. Alex?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I think in terms of how we feel about margin going forward, we've always stated we recognize reimbursement pressures there and we'll stay there and that's how do we compensate for it. And as James has just said, we are seeing the ability to compensating more in Q4 than Q3 as the trends compare. I think in particular, a couple of areas, which are just interesting going forward. First of all, we are getting paid more for I would say value-based contracts, particularly in Medicare D. So we're starting to hit some of the performance targets, which is encouraging. And I think also, we continue to have the opportunity to work differently in some networks.For example, again, I would point to the prime contract, we did some time ago, where we have a different approach to marketplace, where we're really much more transparent. And again, that process we believe is -- will become more I say -- I will say available to the market going forward that has been in the past. So it's -- if the reimbursement doesn't go away, the margin is under pressure as we've often said. But we continue to be innovative, we work creatively and we work hard on new levers as well as the old levers that we've spoken about a lot.
James Kehoe: Yes. I mean, any comments we make on the Q4 margins, these are obviously all factored into our full year guidance. We're just giving you the perspective that we had a tough Q2 on reimbursement, which was one of the highest numbers in history. Q3 was a tough quarter as well. We will -- as we said in the previous call, we will start to see an improving trend in Q4 on the gross margin side, but the caution is to call out those two large onetime items that are putting pressure on overheads. And the good news on that is they don't repeat in the future. It's just impacting Q4.
Eugene Kim: Got it. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Last quarter you directed us to fiscal year 2020 EBIT being moderating up year-over-year and I think flat EPS. Are you still -- with everything you're seeing in the marketplace are you still expecting this?
James Kehoe: Ricky we're going to just comment on current year 2019. We don't want to get into a practice of going back to discussing long-term models or 2020 guidance. What we will be doing is in the next conference call, we will give comprehensive guidance on all of the assumptions around 2020. So, we're not going back to a discussion on the -- we just refer people back to the previous material that we placed out there in Q2.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then just a follow-up. In the prepared remark when you talked about the review portfolio I think you also said that you're kind of like looking at the U.S. supply chain for additional improvements. Can you then give us a little bit more color on what the opportunity is there? And what are you seeing in terms of generic deflation trends as a headwind?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. So, I'll maybe split the -- I think we answered the portfolio question already Ricky so I'll move onto the second question supply chain. I would say we're halfway into our replacement of our core supply chain system from retail in the USA the SAP HANA S/4 software is going into stores and into DCs. So, it's very clear that we now have opportunities with new tools capabilities and data, especially speed of the data we didn't have before.So, as that goes through we'll give more updates in terms of what that means in terms of projections. But we're encouraged by the progress there but we're only halfway through it.I think secondly we have just hired as you saw quite recently a very experienced global supply chain. We don't call them Nielsen. And again we're working hard with the team to really understand how to be even more focused on the new capabilities we're building in the business going forward.I think in terms of generics, as a Stefano said in his pre-prepared remarks, we continue to be very, very pleased with the performance of our WBAD office. And again we see the opportunity going forward to continue to drive values through that WBAD office into a global platform but also into America. So, I think that's how we see the supply chain piece. And -- what was the third part of the question?
Gerald Gradwell: The generic deflation.
Alex Gourlay: The generic deflation, yes. I mean we don't see any difference to what's been recorded in the marketplace to be honest. We see this I will say a low single-digit deflation. As they have spoken about we see generics coming off patents in a way that going to describe the others.And, of course, we pay a lot of attention to this because it has a material impact on our ability to reduce our register cost of goods. And we feel comfortable that all that's captured in the guidance that we gave last quarter.
James Kehoe: Yes. And Ricky just to add in the low single digit Alex refers to includes new molecules. If you strip out new molecules the most recent quarter had at least these are our numbers not market numbers. We had -- we saw deflation of around 9%, right. So, it's still up at a healthy clip and that will support continued savings in generic procurement. And this is -- the prior quarter was 9.4%. So, it's still up there in a healthy high single-digit.Then you were -- the market builds in new molecules. I'm very excited about the supply chain piece here in the U.S. because we now have a team setup looking to shrink so stock office. Whether that's left in-store or at stock office and warehouses. And we're using teams from Microsoft. So, this shows the benefit of the bigger Microsoft agreement. There's data scientists on this who are helping us build data links to understand what is going on and true causes of shrink and how to eliminate it and these are $100 million, $200 million opportunities.And that's without getting into the working capital side of it. So, I don't want that to be lost. Once we have SAP for Hana in place across the 9,500 stores that stock fill a visibility that we don't have today. Now, we expect significant reductions in the level of inventory required to be held at store levels. So, -- and this is a lot [Technical Difficulty] will be huge. So, you would expect that exiting 2020, we're starting to see material reductions in inventory levels.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Percher: Thank you. I'd like to dig in on the international performance. And I understand we've seen some of the generic pricing fluctuations, you also made a comment about weakness or a temporary weakness in underfunding. Could you expand on that? And how incremental is it for the pressures that we've already spoken about the last 12 to 18 months?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, it's Alex here. Yes. I mean let me start with the last question first which is the underfunding point. The U.K. government pay in a certain way they -- I don't want to go into detail of it but fundamentally it's a market payment for all the pharmacies in the U.K. And if you go into what's called the PSNC website there is more details there about how the how that works. So, we are pretty convinced there's been underfunding in the last period.Now, of course, working within the pharmacy contractors and the PSNC, we're now debating that with the government in a positive way as our new contracts are put in place. So, that's what we refer to. And of course we can't make any further comments until that negotiation is complete.But I think in terms of the overall performance of the business. We are making good progress in terms of reinvigorating the Boots model in the U.K. in very difficult times. I don't have to tell you how difficult the marketplace is there. For example, this morning, we opened a fantastic new store, a new concept store in Covent Garden that was skewed around the corner. And this is a health, wellness, and beauty concept store which will not only feed the future of Boots, but could also of course give us some great ideas for U.S. market as well.On top of that we've done a lot of digitalization. We've digitalized the Advantage card which is still the most popular card in the U.K. by some way in terms of beauty and treat cards and a lot of customers use it. I think it's well under 17 million holders today.We've also created digital pharmacy we've launched that for the first time in the U.K. in terms of managing prescriptions copies some of the great ideas that we could pass across the Walgreens as part of the merger.And of course the cost programs James already referred to in his remarks in terms of moving money from maybe the older model into investing in the future of the Boots business. So, that's a story really where we're using the current market situation to make sure that we're investing our future. And we're seeing some interesting lead indicators of performance. And of course we'll give you more updates as that develops.
Eric Percher: Is your PSNC comment suggesting that your business is now adjusted for the changes that have made -- been made to date and you hope that those there might be some improvement moving forward? But you're basing the business from where we sit today?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Yes absolutely. I would say that's an accurate reflection of where we are.
James Kehoe: Yes, that's a fair point. I think would emphasize the word temporary. So we expect an improvement in Q4 and back to normal levels of funding next year.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Yes.
Eric Percher: That's helpful. And could you just -- on the potential store reduction you mentioned that employees may move to other stores. Can you help us with the way that you run those stores and maybe employment where you could see I guess the revenue impact only 1%, but it is 8% of the store base? Will you continue to carry all of the employee cost?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I mean it's really straightforward. These are relatively small pharmacies. James said two-thirds are within a walking distance of another Boots pharmacy. And the main cost there to be honest is the cost of the pharmacist. We have pharmacist turnover like any company would have and we simply see that as we have been able to manage the cost while retaining quality people that we need to take care of customers and communities.And remember we learned a very important lesson here in the USA that if you retain similar face of the pharmacist and health care assistants in the local pharmacy then very often the customers will transfer the script to the people who they know and trust. So, this is economically important to us as well.
James Kehoe: And its 8% of the stores it's 3% I believe of the square footage. So, that the employee impact is much lower than the percentage of stores. And then the revenue impact is much lower because there are less efficient stores. So, it's actually quite logical.And then there's a fair amount of turnover in general in an employee base of -- we have 56,000 people in the U.K. But there's a fair amount of turnover and I think we've seen in the past most you manage the place the majority of people.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross. I was wondering if you could expand on some of the comments that Stefano made about generic procurement in particular sort of areas of future savings that you see.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. Yes. I think, I'll say what I said already and Stefano said that it clearly, we still have a very efficient effective and innovative model out of WBAD and we continue to work in a dimension which we think is slightly different. We prefer to have contracts with manufacturers to give them certainty of supply, so that we get certainty of supply back in the marketplace. That's really important to the customers and allows us to plan together in a different way and that's how we work.Having said that, we all know that the level of opportunities as Stefano said is changing going forward. It's not -- we're not going to make savings, we will make savings, it's just changing. So, we have setup some innovative partnerships already. The partnership we setup with Express Scripts for example is one where we're combining the volume from a PBM with the volume from the Retail Pharmacy. And we continue to look at other ways of making sure that we've got the right scale and mix of partners going into WBAD going forward.I think secondly, the manufacturers are thinking differently as well. And again, we can't talk on their behalf, but you probably have some of the things they have been saying. And we think that our approach to buying in partnership with them and the way that we organize, how we work with them, will continue to give us advantage into the future going forward.Of course, in the future, other markets may open up. We don't know that in reality and we're not banking on that particularly and how we see the plan going forward. But clearly, things will change in one direction and could change again. And having a global perspective and global volumes, we think will give us global opportunities in the future as well.
Elizabeth Anderson: All right, thanks. Thats very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Glen Santangelo: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I just had one of the follow-up on this reimbursement issue one more time. If I heard you correctly, one of the main key is you keep pointing to is that in order to combat the reimbursement pressure, you'll need scale, but yourself and your closest competitor you guys have more scale than anyone else in the marketplace and you seem to be having issues. And so, I was wondering if you could comment more broadly on the 65,000 to 70,000 pharmacy counters out there. I mean, they must be obviously feeling more pressure than you. And I was just kind of curious, are you starting to see that total number come down? And I guess my question is can the reimbursement pressure subside until some of the capacity comes out of the market?
Alex Gourlay: It's Alex here. Again, I think we've said already. The way that we measure the market internally, we are starting to see some pharmacies close. And I think these numbers are pretty open in the marketplace as well. So, that is bound to happen and not reopen. And so, I think that is a fact you can check obviously out there. I mean secondly, you only have to look at the comments from other competitive marketplaces to see the pressure that we are all feeling in the marketplace.The other side of the coin is that, we continue to believe strongly, the community care and the pharmacy, the physical location in the community with the pharmacist available and accessible, I know is a really great opportunity for not just pharmacies, but for health care, all connected through data, all connected with other health care professionals, all connected to bringing forward new solutions going forward. That's why we are so excited about the work we're doing, not just with Microsoft, but with as Stefano said other relevant partners. For example Verily, we've managed as well and LabCorp. And I can assure you the list could go on in terms of the people who are talking to us and we are talking to them.So, we are really confident about the future of pharmacy. We're really confident that the model that we see today will change, driven by new technologies and the same need that customers and patients have always had which they have a conversation with their local pharmacist in their local community.
Glen Santangelo: Hey Alex, maybe if I can just follow up on the one just sort of comment you were talking about with respect to some of the partnerships. I mean over the last year and a half, we talked a lot about the JV strategies and trying to crack the code of generating additional foot traffic. And it seems like there has been mix results on that front. May be I'm wondering, if you could just sort of reiterate exactly where the strategy stands today. And maybe what has worked better than what you might have thought? What maybe hasn't worked as well as what you thought? And I'll stop there. Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you. Thanks Glen. I'll give an example of where we are very comfortable, which is our FedEx partnership. Again, we are seeing the footfall that we expected. We are seeing the halo from our footfall that we expected i.e., new customers to Walgreens and we are also seeing the opportunities to work closely with the FedEx team strategically to develop new customer propositions in the corner drugstore. So that would be one example that we are very comfortable with.And of course, going forward, there'll be other partnerships which are really interesting. We mentioned already the Kroger partnership is going well and the customer reaction has been positive. So again, that's another example where we believe that Kroger are really are experts in food and they can help to really improve our customer proposition and value over time. But time will tell, if we can find the right model that works for both companies and also for customers.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Cherny: Good morning and thanks for all the color so far. Just thinking about 4Q, I know you had talked about a number of the moving pieces and some of the reimbursement true-ups that you've seen so far year-to-date. With regards to the removal of pressure on Retail Pharmacy gross margins or at least less pressure, I guess, what gives you the confidence? And why do you think it should get better? Is there something in mix? Is there something in timing? Is it just the annualization or I guess the -- within year annualization of those pressures that you've talked about relative to last quarter and this quarter? I guess I just want to know a little bit about the why relative to the sequential gross margin improvement?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think it's a little bit of everything you said actually, because you have to go back on a journey. Q2 was reimbursement pressure which we said I think was exceeded 30% of the full year reimbursement pressure. So, we would've set an unprecedented level. We saw it go back to more normalized level in Q3. But we saw some slowness on the procurement savings in Q3. And we're going to see those -- both of the variables equalize in Q4. So it gets back to -- you can't really look at it as reimbursement. It's reimbursement net of the mitigation. The biggest two are, one is procurement savings and there's being some tuning between Q3 and Q4 there.When you get to volume, I want to highlight, we had a great quarter in Q3. We set some fairly challenging goals internally. Bear in mind, we had script volume for the first half on a comp basis below 2%. So to come in the high fours was something we needed to do it and we need those kind of numbers. That's number one.We're also very pleased with the way retail came in. If you strip it back a little bit, it's down 1.1. We were tracking in the first half of a pretty disappointing 3.5% comp store decline. But the change-on-change is quite impressive. We won't deliver exactly the same numbers, but we will continue to hold onto some of these trend improvements.I think what will happen in Q4 is, you will see a little bit of stabilization of the topline outlook together with some improvement in both businesses on the margin side. So it's a confluence of trends. And I'll highlight again then you've got these two big one-time items in overheads. So, it's too early to call victory in Q4 obviously, but that's where our current expectation has improved gross margins and continued stabilization of scripts and the same-store sales and retail. I hope that helps you as you think through it.
Gerald Gradwell: I'm afraid, but that's probably all we have time for. I know we haven't got to all your questions, but as ever the IR team are around to answer them all. And I'm sorry for those of you who didn't get to ask questions today. We'll be back again next quarter. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Krista and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc., Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to your host, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I am here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. Our prepared comments are little longer than usual today, so you should be aware that to provide the customary time for your questions. Our call is likely to run at least 15 minutes past our normal 1 hour. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In todays presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After this call, the presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and hello everyone. I want to acknowledge upfront that this has been a very disappointing quarter for us. There is nothing entirely new in what we have seen impact our business during the quarter. Lets say, a number of the trends that we had been expecting and preparing for impacted us significantly more quickly than we had anticipated. We found ourselves facing a combination of increased reimbursement pressure in the quarter, lower generic deflation, lower brand inflation and lower than anticipated benefits from our work to refresh and renew our retail offerings, primarily in the U.S. Of course, the pharmacy trends are not only impacting our business, they are impacting the overall market and will likely continue to do so over the coming months. Let me be clear however I am convinced that our existing strategic priorities are the right ones and will allow us to deliver sustainable growth into the future. Let me remind you of our four priorities: accelerating the digitalization of our company; transforming and restructuring our retail offering; creating neighborhood health destination around more modern pharmacy; and rolling out our transformational cost management program. We are making strong progress against these transformation priorities across multiple fronts. However, we now need to respond appropriately to the tougher environment that we find ourselves in. We will build off our existing transformation priorities and we will reinforce and accelerate our actions. We are acting quickly to address select areas of operational weakness with a number of senior appointments, choosing new talent with new ideas and new approaches to drive more rapid change in a number of areas of our business. We are also strengthening and refocusing our operational management to ensure the increased focus on driving operational excellence. In recent months, we have brought in a new Chief Digital Officer, a new Global Chief Marketing Officer, a new Global Chief Supply Chain Officer. We have restructured entirely the organization of our brands business. And since the quarter end, we have bought in a new Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. We have reviewed our priorities and business initiatives underway and have reworked our management plans in light of the more adverse environment. First and foremost, we are acknowledging the short-term headwinds we are facing and the limited time we have available to compensate for the impact in the remainder of the year. As a result, we are reducing our guidance for fiscal 2019. James will talk to you about that in a moment. We believe the actions that we are taking will result in improved performance in 2020. Looking beyond that, we are convinced that our business model can deliver sustainable adjusted earnings per share growth of mid to high single-digits. I will now ask James to take you through the results and our updated guidance for the year. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano and good morning everyone. On a constant currency basis, adjusted earnings per share declined 4.3% in the quarter, bringing our first half EPS growth to 3.6%. The results were much weaker than we had expected due to three key factors. As with our competitors, we are seeing continued reimbursement pressure and the opportunities to mitigate have reduced due to lower levels of generic deflation and lower brand inflation. The second key factor is volume. Our same-store growth in the U.S. is trending below plan in both pharmacy and front of store. And lastly, consumer conditions in the UK remain challenging. We are also lapping a particularly strong second quarter last year when constant currency adjusted EPS increased 25.7%. We are clearly not pleased with this quarters performance and we are taking immediate actions to improve operational performance and to reinforce and accelerate our existing transformation plans. Lets now look in more detail at the numbers. In the second quarter, sales increased 4.6%, including a currency headwind of 2.1%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 6.7%, reflecting the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores. Organic sales growth was 2.5%. Adjusted operating income declined 10.4% or 9.3% on a constant currency basis. The decline was mainly due to a weak quarter in Retail Pharmacy USA, which declined 11.9% year-on-year due to lower pharmacy margins and the decline in front-end comparable sales. Adjusted diluted earnings per share declined 5.4% to $1.64, a decrease of 4.3% on a constant currency basis. This includes a 4.5 percentage point contribution from our share repurchase program. GAAP operating income declined 23% in the quarter, including restructuring charges of $150 million as we ramp up the transformational cost management program and the prior year adjustment of $113 million relating to AmerisourceBergen tax law changes. GAAP EPS declined 8.3% to $1.24 per share. Before I move on to our divisional performance, let me briefly cover first half financial highlights. Sales increased 7.2%, including a currency headwind of 1.8%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 9%, reflecting the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores. Organic sales growth was 3.3%. Adjusted operating income declined 7.5% or 6.6% on a constant currency basis, reflecting the negative impact of reimbursement pressure on U.S. Pharmacy gross margins, comp sales declines in U.S. retail and weak market conditions in the UK. Adjusted EPS increased 3.6% on a constant currency basis. GAAP earnings per share were up 12% as the absence of prior year items related to U.S. tax law changes and impairment were partly offset by $179 million of pre-tax restructuring costs related to the transformational cost management program. Now, lets look at the performance of our divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales advanced 7.3% in the quarter, reflecting the acquired Rite Aid stores and organic sales growth of 1.6%. Adjusted gross profit declined 3.5% in the quarter, reflecting declines in both pharmacy and retail. Gross margin declined 260 basis points, mostly due to pharmacy. Adjusted SG&A spend declined 0.6% versus prior year and excluding Rite Aid, adjusted SG&A spend was 6.8% lower than the prior period. Continued cost saving initiatives and the impact of a lower bonus accrual, more than offset inflation and store labor investments. Adjusted SG&A was 17.7% of sales, an improvement of 140 basis points compared to the year ago quarter. Adjusted operating income declined 11.9% in the quarter. Continued SG&A savings, procurement savings and pharmacy volume growth were not sufficient to offset the unusually high year-on-year impact from reimbursement and underperformance in the front of store. This result included store and labor investments of $40 million in the quarter equivalent to approximately 240 basis points of adjusted operating income. Now, lets look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 9.8%, reflecting the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores and organic growth of 4%. Second quarter market share was 22.3%, up approximately 90 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the acquired Rite Aid stores. Comp pharmacy sales increased 1.9%, and our central specialty business grew 28.7% year-on-year. The number of retail prescriptions filled on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations, increased 6.4%. Comp prescriptions grew 1.8%, slightly behind the first quarter growth of 2%. Pharmacy gross profit declined versus prior year as volume growth was more than offset by lower gross margin. The pharmacy market is very challenging right now and we are seeing similar trends through our competitors. Reimbursement pressure has continued and opportunities for mitigation are lower than we expected. The combination of this reimbursement pressure, lower levels of generic deflation and lower brand inflation, resulted in pharmacy margins that were worse than planned and 280 basis points below the same period last year. Also included here is a 110 basis point impact due to the faster growth of the lower margin specialty business. And as we looked at the quarter, the year-on-year reimbursement impact was exceptionally high and we estimate an adverse timing impact of approximately 60 basis points. Turning next to our retail business, retail sales increased 1.3%, reflecting the sales contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Comp retail sales declined 3.8% as we faced some headwinds during the quarter. We are lapping an exceptionally strong prior year cough, cold and flu season and this accounted for 150 basis points of the year-on-year sales decline. Secondly, we continued to deemphasize tobacco, with an impact of around 125 basis points. And finally, we had a weak quarter in seasonal and gifting, with a 70 basis points impact. And here we clearly need to improve our range and execution. Retail gross profit declined in the quarter, with retail gross margin 90 basis points lower than prior year predominantly due to short-term changes in promotional activity. But let me remind you that, excluding Rite Aid, our retail gross margin has improved by approximately 290 basis points since 2015. That being said, while we are pleased with our long-term margin performance, we are clearly not satisfied with our recent front of store sales performance. Now, let me pass it to Alex who will update you on our transformation priorities and explain the actions we are taking to address our current business challenges.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. While external factors, including reimbursement pressure and a weaker cough, cold and flu season impacted us in the quarter, we clearly need to improve our execution and speed of delivery. We have not moved quickly enough to address the changes in the market and as a result did not deliver the growth required to help mitigate the continued reimbursement pressure. With that context, let me share some of the actions we are focused on. Our overall transformation priorities are unchanged, but we are seeking to reinforce and accelerate our actions. As Stefano mentioned, we are accelerating the digitalization of our company, transforming and restructuring our retail offering, creating neighborhood health destinations based on more modern pharmacy and rolling out a transformational cost management program. On cost management, we are continuing to make major strides and see more opportunities, which James will cover in more detail later. Overall, we have recognized the importance of accelerating the transformation of our business more significantly to the customer. So, lets look for a moment at some of the specific actions we are taking. Firstly, its crystal clear that it all works only if we have the right talent, capabilities and operational focus. To that end, we have recently executed a comprehensive reorganization of my senior leadership team. We have announced a new leadership structure, which clearly delineates between development and delivery. This is allowing my senior executives to focus on driving operational excellence and delivering results in their specific area. We have also made changes to how we manage our strategic partnerships, increasing the focus on accountability for developing our healthcare and retail services, ensuring financial discipline, pace, accountability and maximization of new profit streams. As Stefano mentioned, we have brought in a number of new senior executives to Walgreens Boots Alliance with specific skills and expertise and they will work closely with my team to drive performance improvements. We are on track on digitalization. The Microsoft teams are on-boarded. They are physically present in our offices and we have moved quickly to consolidate our internal digital teams to create a single team under an experienced Chief Digital Officer. We have put in place new action plans for both pharmacy and retail. In pharmacy, we have created a dedicated accountable team to drive volume through our partnerships with payers in the marketplace. This will allow the rest of the team to focus on operational effectiveness in our core pharmacy business delivering our vision of a modern pharmacy, driving efficiency and maximizing opportunities through outcomes based reimbursement. These new approaches will help us counteract reimbursement pressure. In retail, we have recognized the need to concentrate our efforts where we know we can win. Right now, our execution is lacking where it needs to be. We will continue to accept revenue declines in low margin countries where we do not see a winning future path. We have invested some margin this quarter in countries we know drive footfall and we are already starting to see the benefit of this investment in improved revenue and gross profits. We will concentrate our efforts, shifting resources, people and dollars to our flagship brands, including Walgreens Healthcare brands and No7 and our priority categories. A great example is Health & Wellness. Its a significant category with very attractive margins. We will step up the level of innovation and marketing support. We continue to be pleased with the progress we are making on our partnerships. In particular, we are working closely with the Kroger executive team to determine how best to unlock future growth and synergies. And the work we are doing on digitalization of our business will deliver an enhanced customer experience and the tools and analytics to drive customer loyalty. This builds on our existing highly successful customer-facing platforms, including our 5-star rated 55 million downloaded app and our 85 million active Balance Rewards members. We have previously highlighted the very high customer retention rates we have delivered on the Rite Aid store optimization. These very favorable retention rates, which allow us to focus volume locally on fewer stores without reducing our geographic coverage delivered greatly improved returns and have led to our decision to boost our store optimization program from 600 stores to approximately 750 stores. Parallel to this, we are undertaking a comprehensive review of Walgreens store networks to address specific underperforming stores. And as you know, we are testing a small store format and pending positive results we anticipate building out this format over the coming years. More information will follow in the coming months. I will hand you back to James now to update you on Retail Pharmacy International.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Alex. As usual, I will report on the divisions results in constant currency. Sales declined 1.2%, mainly due to a 1.3% decline in Boots UK in a challenging market. Adjusted operating income was down 2.1%, reflecting a 3.1% decline in Boots UK. While the quarter was helped by the positive impact of phasing in the UK, the trend has improved versus the first quarter and the UK teams are taking actions to further improve performance. UK comp pharmacy sales declined 1.5%, mainly due to lower hospital revenues and revenue per item. Boots UK comp retail sales declined 2.3%. The UK retail market remains challenging, but encouragingly we held market share in the quarter. Alex will now talk you through our Boots UK action plans.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. We are taking a balanced approach with our actions focused on both boosting revenue growth and creating a lean operating model. Firstly, we have taken decisive action to reduce our UK cost base. In February, we announced our intention to reduce our Nottingham head office personnel costs by around 20% to create a smaller and more agile support team. Our smart spending, smart organization is advancing well and a store portfolio review is underway focusing on low performing stores and opportunities for consolidation. In addition, we are looking closely at our pharmacy business to further improve efficiency and effectiveness. We continue also to strengthen the Boots leadership team with the appointment of a new Chief Operating Officer. And as mentioned on last quarters earnings call, we have multiple initiatives underway to improve our revenue performance. We are refitting 24 beauty halls across the UK between now and the end of May, introducing Boots Beauty Specialists, with an in-depth knowledge spanning all categories and brands and we are significantly expanding our beauty offering by introducing more than 20 new on-trend brands nationwide over the next 6 months. Finally, a brief update on our international investments in China, since the quarter end, in collaboration with our partner GuoDa, we opened our first pilot pharmacy in Shanghai, combining traditional Chinese medicine and skincare with well-known international brands. Back to James.
James Kehoe: Turning now to the pharmaceutical wholesale division, which we will also discuss in constant currency, the division delivered another solid quarter, with sales up 9.1%, mainly due to growth in emerging markets, but also aided by a customer contract change in the UK, which contributed 2.1% of revenue growth. Adjusted operating income increased 3%, with sales growth and an improvement in SG&A as a percentage of sales, more than offsetting gross margin pressure. Turning next to cash flow, operating cash flow was $1.2 billion in the first half. Free cash flow was $401 million. This was impacted by headwinds of $1 billion, including increased cash tax payments of $465 million, mainly as a result of U.S. tax reform, legal settlements of $276 million and a once-off working capital benefit of $233 million in the prior year. Working capital days improved year-on-year, but the first half free cash flow reflects approximately $750 million of working capital increases primarily due to higher sales and the timing of receipts. Cash capital investment was $793 million in the first half, $128 million higher than prior year due to the impact of Rite Aid store conversions. Turning now to our guidance for the year, in light of the first half performance and our expectations for a challenging second half, we are revising our full year guidance for fiscal year 2019. We now expect adjusted EPS to be roughly flat on a constant currency basis. However, given the normal level of volatility in a business of this size, realistically, you should expect a range of plus or minus 2%. The downward revision considers the following key changes. We anticipate gross margins to remain under pressure in the U.S. in the second half. Reimbursement pressure is unlikely to improve in the short-term and it will take time for our complete mitigation plans to kick in. In terms of volume, our U.S. Pharmacy and U.S. Retail performance has been below plan in the first half of the year. And finally, we are taking decisive actions in the UK. Market conditions remain weak and we have reflected this in our revised guidance. Given the revised full year EPS outlook, the estimated bonus payout for the year has been substantially reduced. And while our transformational cost management program is very much on track, the contribution to fiscal year 19 results was assumed when we provided guidance in December 2018. Finally, let me provide you with some supporting guidance assumptions. As you look forward to the second half, please remember that we have now lapped Rite Aid and we will continue to see adverse reimbursement pressure impacting the revenue line. Currencies have an adverse EPS impact of approximately $0.04 versus prior year, unchanged versus our guidance at the beginning of the year. We now project a full year tax rate of 16% to 17%. The more favorable outlook reflects non-recurring discrete benefits and changes in our geographical mix of earnings and we project full year share repurchases of $3.8 billion compared to $3 billion guidance at the beginning of the year. This contributes 4.5% to EPS growth. Turning to our long-term business model, firstly, we believe the business model is well-positioned to deliver sustainable constant currency adjusted EPS growth well into the future. We have good line of sight to levers to counteract reimbursement pressure. Predictable volume growth and excellence in cost management will be key and this requires us to execute strongly against our existing transformation priorities. Volume growth will be underpinned by delivering improved value for both payers and consumers. We absolutely must drive a renewed focus on operational excellence whether it be adherence, patient satisfaction or management of our offering in the front of store. And we will see the benefits of our digitalization program with more frequent enhancements to our customer offer over the course of the coming months and years. Finally, in the UK, we expect our store and brand investments to begin to bear fruit as we exit 2019. Importantly, by 2022, we anticipate annual savings in excess of $1.5 billion from our transformational cost management program. And while a program of this magnitude is never easy, we do have good visibility on what needs to be done and strong commitment from the leadership team to get it done. Beyond 2022, we expect a rising contribution from partnerships. However, until then, our EPS growth model is not dependent on a material ramp-up of any of the existing partnerships. In fact, we are making significant investments in the short and medium term to drive long-term earnings upside. And long term, we do believe that healthcare and retail services will provide us with attractive returns and substantial new sources of income. Let me focus now on the transformational cost management program. Last quarter, we launched the program, targeting annual savings in excess of $1 billion. We also told you that we needed to complete a 16-week assessment phase. We are now three months in and while we are not fully complete, we do have a much deeper understanding of the areas of potential savings. Given what weve seen to-date we are increasing our annual cost saving targets to at least $1.5 billion. Smart spending is progressing well. We have completed our benchmarking for select spend categories. For example, our benchmarks indicate that our consultant and supply costs are second quartile, while our contractor, events, technology and travel spend are all above the median of the peer set. This shows the granularity were operating at and the potential we see to reduce costs. Moving on to smart organization, as a reminder, in the first quarter, we announced and implemented reorganizations and store closure initiatives to right-size operations in Chile and Mexico, and we launched an optimization initiative in our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. We continue to move quickly and we took further decisive steps in the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, we announced a 20% reduction of the Boots UK central workforce, and the reduction should be largely complete by the end of the fiscal year. On March 21, we announced a new field management structure in the U.S. The new organization combines the previously separate Walgreens and Rite Aid store management teams and we expect the implementation to be completed by the beginning of June. The final bucket is digitalization. We just completed a detailed review of our global IT spend, and we are very encouraged by the findings. We see opportunity to reduce our annual IT cash spend by $500 million to $600 million, almost equally split between OpEx and CapEx. This represents a reduction of approximately 25% to 30% versus the baseline costs. So, it is a significant opportunity. In the short term, we plan to selectively invest part of the savings to build out new customer digital propositions. However, we will expect each project to drive incremental value and benefits, thus, creating a virtuous cycle. As we look forward to 2020 and beyond, we see improved operational EPS performance. Over the long term, we are comfortable that our growth model can deliver mid to high single-digit adjusted EPS growth in constant currencies. One call out on fiscal 2020, we do anticipate growth from operations. However, adjusted EPS in constant currency is expected to be broadly flat due to the reduction in bonus payments in 2019. As we built out our long-term business model, we made the following assumptions, which you may find helpful. We assume share repurchases of $1.7 billion per year, contributing approximately 2.5% to EPS growth. However, this is partly offset by tax rate, which is expected to increase from 16% to 17% in 2019 to over 18% by 2022, and creating a headwind of 50 basis points to 100 basis points, depending on the year. In summary, we have reworked our business plans to accelerate and boost our existing transformation priorities. And while there may be quarterly fluctuations along the way, these plans should allow us to return to long-term adjusted EPS growth. I will now hand you back to, Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. As I said at the start, this has been a disappointing quarter. And I am equally disappointed that we had to reduce our full year guidance. However, we need to acknowledge the short-term headwinds we are facing. And while we are not that the only Company that has been impacted by the marked change in the environment, thats not an excuse. What is important now is that we respond quickly to ensure we return to growth as soon as possible. This quarter has focused the minds of the entire team on the need to allocate resources to where they will have the greatest impact, both today and in the future. Importantly, I am convinced that our existing strategic priorities are the right ones, and our multi-year transformation program will allow us to deliver sustainable profitable growth. However, we have and will continue to reinforce and accelerate our actions to respond appropriately to the tougher environment we find ourselves in. Of course, in addition, from time to time, we have the opportunity for specific initiative to rebase our costs, often prompt by new technologies, practices or structure. You have heard many examples from Alex and James, and we have significantly increased the goal for our transformation cost management program. We remain a global business, delivering billions of dollars in earnings and billions of dollars in cash flow, and generating real value for our shareholders, while being a huge force for good in the communities we serve, and society as a whole. Day in and day out, we continue directly or indirectly to be a core and vital part of the lives of a significant percentage of the worlds population through presence and reach into the very heart of communities across the world. We are not complacent. We must continue to evolve and innovate to thrive and as a management teams, we are more focused than ever on delivering operational and financial growth and value for owners. I can assure you there is innovation throughout our business, internally and outward facing, within our own teams, and in a wide range of partnerships. There are innovations in how we work, in our products and services, in how we interact with and serve our customers, both retail and commercial. So, despite the disappointment of the quarter under review and the impact that it will have on the year as a whole, I remain confident that in future, we can return to reliable mid to high single-digit earning per share growth from our businesses. And I remain committed to and confident of delivering real value for our customers, the communities we serve, my colleagues and most importantly, my fellow shareholders looking forward. Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Heinbockel from Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Heinbockel: Hey Alex. I wanted to ask the reorganization in the U.S., right, that you guys just announced, magnitude of savings? And then how do you guard against when you talk about operational excellence, guarding against doing that reorg in the current environment without disrupting the business further?
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning, John. Its Alex here. Yes. Weve really reorganized the top organization to separate, develop and deliver, and in the delivery stage, weve got really three key roles now. One is driving the very important core business of Pharmacy and front-end sales, theres no changes there, apart from driving that more directly. And secondly, to look at future profit streams in areas like healthcare services, the healthcare hub project and also, the front-end in terms of really finding new models to drive the front end of our partnerships with Kroger, Birchbox and Sprint. These are really focus areas. In terms of protecting the customer, we continue to move our money and our focus from the old model to the new model. Thats been the trend for the last three, four, 5 years and that we continue to do. So along with the savings, there will be reinvestment into these new areas of growth and then, James will cover the reinvestment in a second to just to finish off the question. So, we are very, very focused on the customer. We are very focused on end-to-end improvement of our operational execution, and thats why weve reorganized along with the opening up the opportunity to invest more in the future models. In terms of investment, James, maybe you can pick up the cost and investment point.
James Kehoe: Yes. So, as you look forward, and were quite clear on where were targeting in excess of $1.5 billion of savings, bear in mind, you have inflation that offsets some of that, but the key one here is, are we investing for the future. And the way weve defined the program in general is, we want to save to invest to grow. And the way we measure success in the program is, we want to take the cost down and be the leanest operator in the industry. Thats number one. But secondly, as we exit and execute against the program, we want to see top line benefits coming from this. So, there is one number Im going to give you and I think it will concentrate your attention on both the achievability of the targets and our determination to drive a successful business longer term. We will invest approximately $1 billion over the next three years in a combination of operating expense on capital. Approximately, 80% is operating expense. So, think about it for a minute, in one year, we will be putting in $300 million to boost the partnerships and to boost our capabilities on digitalization of the Company. So, were not going to serve the business for the sake of hitting our [cost pool] [ph], thats point number one. Point number two is, more important is, each digital investment and each partnership has to stand on its own merits. We expect an attractive return and we expect long-term significant pools of income. And if you like, the plan is on one side conservative because weve put in the money to drive the partnerships and digitalization, and we havent fully built in the benefits of the partnerships flowing through. So, if you like, the plan represents an option on the partnerships.
John Heinbockel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Stefano Pessina: Stefano here. Maybe youll remember that I have always said that we had different ways of savings and of course these ways had to be enabled by what we were doing in the Company. So, its not a surprise that now we can announce a big program of savings and maybe a little bigger than we were thinking initially, but still even initially, we were thinking about something substantial. And this is possible because we have saved, but also invested in the past. And the reason why you dont see really the contribution of old joint ventures that we have done is that is because from one side we have some benefits, on the other side, we continue to invest in these joint ventures. And so, you dont see the benefit for the time being, but these investments will mature and we will have at a certain time a substantial contribution from these partnerships. But rest assured that we continue to invest and we will not starve the business.
John Heinbockel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, question focused on the reimbursement rate cuts that you highlighted. Can you give us some sense of whether do rate cuts are coming from specific payers or PBMs, are you seeing them across the board? And really kind of like the question aims at, should we expect an acceleration in pressure for the remaining of fiscal year 19, or is the run rate that were seeing for the quarter what we should model for the rest of the year? And then the follow-up question to that is, when we think about all the changes that are coming up in U.S. healthcare, the proposed rebate rule on Part D, is a pretty significant one. So, how did you factor that one in when you think about 2020 in your comments around operating income growth in 2020?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. Its Alex here. I thing there is two separate things you have asked. So, I will give you where we are as we look forward with the reimbursement pressure. I think, as James said in his prepared remarks, this is a very heavy quarter for reimbursement pressure, and we expect that to be not the normal going forward. And I think he also said that the FEP, for example, in specialty, which is 110 basis points of the reduction, clearly and [indiscernible] that as well. So, there is timing and then there is FEP and then there is the underlying reimbursement pressure. So, I think that third number is the one that is a real underlying trend going forward. Again, theres always contracts that start and end on Jan 1, particularly Med D. And again, we didnt see a really much difference to the trends as you spoke about before in Med D, they are really as we saw before. Going to second question on the safe harbor and the changes in the government, its really early on. We truly believe in transparency and we really believe in reducing out-of-pocket costs for drugs for patients across America. We support that really from day one, and therefore, we are working hard with other partners in the marketplace to understand how we can bring that forward with the government. And clearly, we dont know yet what that really means for any players in the marketplace. But we are working hard to innovate and to work with other partners and well give you an update as soon as we understand better the rules as we emerge in the government.
James Kehoe: Yes. And maybe, Ricky, if I could add a couple of just facts to that, so what Alex says is correct. If you like, if youre thinking about your modeling Q3 at approximately 37% of the entire years reimbursement impact Q2, sorry, have the entire 37% versus a 25% expected run rate, so it was exceptionally high. And I think as you look forward to the second half, the reimbursement pressure will subside because there is this skew to the first half. The impact of the FEP contract is material as well, because year-to-date, its around 140 basis points or 150 basis points. The specialty business will still grow very quickly, but the negative impact will tail off down to 30 basis points. So, there will be quite a material change in the trajectory of the gross margin change year-on-year. And then secondly, as you look into next year, we believe weve planned our reimbursement levels roughly similar to what weve seen over the past couple of years. And I think individual quarters will always be extremely volatile and rocky, but over a longer term, while reimbursement is a bit over the trend rate this year, we have planned similar levels going forward. But as I said, we wont be we wont have this FEP contract next year. And one big thing that did hit us this year and is still hitting us and its one of the reasons for the guidance is, we do have a lower level of generic utilization than we projected at the start of the year and that can have quite a material impact on both the revenue and on the cost line. So, it does if your generic utilization goes down, it does negatively impact your profitability. That will be one potential tailwind that we will have, I would say, 6 months from now or 12 months from now. Because of contract changes in Med D, we would expect our generic utilization rates to increase, thus giving us some comfort around the gross margin outlook. I hope thats given you enough perspective.
Stefano Pessina: We have always known and said openly that we expect growing pressure on margin from and from our contracts without customers its up to us to find ways to compensate for this pressure. And till now, we have been able to do it. This quote, yes. The, pressure maybe its a little higher, but the problem is that we have been surprised by the pace of the three events that have contributed to the bad results for the quarter and for the year. And we knew that in any case the trend was in that direction and were preparing. If we can react so quickly now is because we were thinking all the remedies and all the counteractions even before, we have not been probably quick enough in putting those counteractions in place and now we find ourselves a little behind the pressure that we see in the market. But we are confident that as we have, individuate and we have worked for months to individuate all these elements, we are confident that in future we will be able to find the right remedies.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the questions, I guess just to go back to the issue around reimbursement rate pressure. Outside of things like FEP being clearly a specific headwind to the year, I was always under the impression that the reimbursement rates coming into the year were something you guys were generally aware of. And so, could you maybe just explain the dynamic there that has the rates coming in so much worse than what you anticipated? And then I guess the follow-up question to that would be are we at a point with the PBMs, where you need to take a tougher stance? I mean, obviously, there is precedent for playing a little harder when it comes to declining reimbursement rates and just not offering the Walgreens network in certain PBM offerings. Is that on the table is that kind of where the industry is at given this persistent reimbursement rate pressure?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Bob. Its Alex here. I think there is a combination of the headwinds that hit us in Q3 and hit is sorry, Q2, apologies, through the quarter. And I think James covered them off and they were as such, there was definitely, generic deflation was reducing, that is an impact that happened through the quarter, branded inflation was reducing that happened during the quarter. And of course, the volume to be honest with you as well was less than we had expected. Particularly, we had a pretty big a very big flu and cough and cold season last year, and it was early and this year its been more normal and a little bit later. So, these are all factors that hit us coming into that period. And I think also, at the end of the year we true up with our PBM partners the contracts for the year. And we dont really see the effect of that true up really until the middle of February, and that was another factor that happened as well. So, it was a combination of headwinds that gave us this unusually high the highest quarter with, as James said, this fiscal year that created this reimbursement pressure. I think in terms of our attitude toward our partners in the supply chain, including the PBMs, we have a partnership approach. We are working with our partners to deliver better service, better products, including, for example, improving the ability for us to reduce costs elsewhere in the healthcare system. Ill give you one example of that. Theres more money than ever before coming on the table for service-based payments, particularly in the Medicare D area and we again are working with partners toward the government to create a more common framework of KPIs that pharmacists can aim for in terms of getting repayments for example in Med D and DIRs. I mean it worked out very well in my view with Optum and United Health, and a very successful Medicare Advantage book of business, where again we got more payments than ever for performance-based pharmacy. So, I think there is a recognition by our partners. The pharmacy is under pressure. I think there is a recognition by our partners, we want better joined op care within the healthcare system and then encouraging us through allowing incentives to invest more, as James has said, in these models and thats what we intend to do.
Robert Jones: Thanks for that. I guess just the quick follow-up. We havent spent a lot of time on specialty and I know thats part of the U.S. Retail business model. Anything worth calling out there, are you seeing similar headwinds or issues that youve called out on the core Retail Pharmacy business on the specialty side as well?
Alex Gourlay: Its Alex again. Yes, I mean, our AllianceRx partnership has been a good one. Youve seen the volume weve created, and additional sales weve created and we are happy with the operational standards and customer standards. But again, the margin is under pressure. Theres no doubt that the economics of the specialty business is under pressure as the government is asking questions about how do we get these very important drugs to patients and consumers at lower costs. And we continue to work again with our partners, particularly Prime in this case and the Blues who own Prime, to really improve that model, both for the owners of the of Prime and ourselves, but also really important to more quickly provide a more local service for specialty. And particularly were opening up more local community specialty pharmacies. We believe more and more that the mix model of center-fill and community pharmacy and based where the local spec doctors are is a right winning model than just a pure center-fill model, and were encouraged by the success of these community pharmacies and by the adoption particularly by our partners at Prime.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Id like to talk to you a little bit about the partnerships, you said youre going to have significant increased investments in these partnerships. Can you talk about which ones? I mean youve highlighted seven or eight different type of partnerships or pilot programs in the last year or so. Can you talk about which ones might be accelerated or which ones might become more of a focus, and can you talk to why that is the case?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Alex here. I mean I think the one that we should speak to the most this morning is definitely Microsoft, the digitalization of our Company. Thats a really significant contract from our point of view, but also from Microsoft point of view. And its also one that lasts over a number of years as we not just digitalize Walgreens, but we digitalize our partnership infrastructure both in the retail product side, and also importantly create new opportunities of partnerships in healthcare. So that by some way is the most important piece of what were doing as we are investing the most our money going forward to really create better tools for engagement for customers across both front-end and in pharmacy and better ways for our business partners to engage with our healthcare platform. We are also very pleased with our partnership with Verily. We are really working pretty hard to bring real innovation quickly to the marketplace. Theyve developed a number of market ready tools, for example, On Duo diabetes platform, which we are already active in our own population of healthcare beneficiaries here in Walgreens in the USA. And the adoption of that too is very satisfactory so far, and we believe thats another example of bringing new tools to market very quickly with new partnerships. On the retail side, I think we mentioned in our pre-prepared remarks that were very pleased with the rapid progress from a cost point of view and engagement in the Kroger trials in Northern Kentucky and Cincinnati. Were really very pleased with that and we expect to be able to move that test and trial further forward going forward and of course that is more focused on creating two things, first of all, convenience in retail between a fantastic grocer and food brand in Kroger and obviously our pharmacy and healthcare and beauty brands here in Walgreens. And secondly, working to share data appropriately, so we can personalize the offer for many Americans who rely on these categories every single week and every single day, its the more-sticky categories because they are the ones most frequently used. Beyond that, Birchbox is in early stages, but going well. And Sprint, again, we announced the extension to 80 stores of Sprint. And last, but not least on the healthcare services side, LabCorp, where we continue to advance our LabCorp partnership with the ambition or the intention, should I say, to drive to 600 locations within the next three and half years.
Kevin Caliendo: Can I do a quick follow-up? Im just thinking about this, and your pricing pressures are coming a lot from partners that you have. You have partnerships basically with all the PBMs in one form or another. Is there any place that you can take pricing or you have pricing power with some of your partners? Im not sure its the PBM side necessarily, but can you push down on the consumer in anyway shape or form? Can you push down on your wholesaling relationships, I mean with manufacturers? Can you talk a little bit about where you might have some increase or some pricing power going forward?
Alex Gourlay: Its Alex here. Again, I dont see it as pricing power, I see it as we join up with partnerships, we want to drive efficiency across the whole supply chain. So, working with partners like AmerisourceBergen, working with partners like UnitedHealth, were joining up processes whether it be marketing processes or whether it be supply chain processes to drive out cost between us, therefore driving better economics for the marketplace, and, of course, better economics for our partners as well. So thats how we see it. We take  we think our  one of our most compelling strategies is partnership, the philosophy of creating value for each other over the long-term in ways that really brings efficiency and better quality of care to the marketplace. And we believe in this phase of change in the American healthcare system, for us, we think thats a very compelling part of our strategy.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes. Thanks. And maybe just a follow-up on the partnership question and particularly as it relates to, Alex, your comment about the 600 LabCorp. I mean, is that decision at some point was that an acceleration of your strategy or has it always been sort of that plan? And I guess the question really is, at what point when you look at when these partnerships, they are looking like theyre working or they will lead to success? Are we accelerating any of these more so than others currently? And when you think about that $300 million investment in the partnerships, is this a larger number than maybe you had initially budgeted for or has this had been always the number? Just trying to get a sense on sort of internally if youre seeing greater success than you might have expected or is this just sort of as in line?
Alex Gourlay: No, it is definitely greater particularly relative to rest of our cost base. So, we have absolutely protected and driven more of our dollars into accelerating these partnerships. LabCorp is a good example. We started that off really in the Gainesville area as part of our Gainesville trial and rapidly we agreed to extend to 600 stores nationwide within 4 years. And were having great conversations with the LabCorp team about what more we can do. Secondly, I would say that the partnership with Microsoft I mentioned already is a clear acceleration of the digitalization of our company along with recruiting internally a lot of  particularly a Chief Digital Officer. And theres more people coming in to really  really to drive the modernization of our platform and processes to become a new retail and healthcare company. Thats a very important acceleration in investment. And thirdly, I would say that we are encouraged by Kroger. Again, I go back to the importance of food, the importance of footfall in our stores and we recognize that we have a very low market share in food and we recognize that Kroger is a food expert and a national food expert here in the U.S. And were encouraged with the money weve spend in the early tests and trials and we believe there is more to test and trial for sure before we can be certain of this, but we see a reason to move forward faster with Kroger.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to clarify of the $300 million, approximately 60% is on partnerships, the other 40% is on digital initiatives and the digitalization of the company. So, I think about 40% will actually improve execution in pharmacy, in retail, back-office, everywhere, which is the digital investment, and the 60% is specifically on the partnerships. And I think what distinguishes this versus the plans we would have put together 12 months ago would be that the plans are fully funded. So, weve actually  were funding ahead of the revenue in the plan, because the targets we give, we want to be absolutely sure that we can deliver upon the long-term growth model and we wont do that if we under-fund the future drivers of the business. So, it is quite different than the plan we would have done a year ago. Its just much more, I dont want to use the word, generous, but its well-funded in terms of what we need to get done.
Charles Rhyee: One partnership you havent talked about or you havent really highlighted is Humana. Just curious how that one is going? I know that Humana themselves spoke pretty positively about the trends theyre seeing. And I guess to that extent when you look at the partnerships and you mentioned footfall, Alex, are you able to calculate the uptick in foot traffic that the partnerships bring to you for each of the different partners?
Alex Gourlay: I mean, yes, absolutely. I mean, clearly driving more patients and customers into our corner store is really important to us and we can absolutely measure that as part of the business case as James mentioned. And thats why I mentioned primarily Kroger. For sure, Humana is a good partnership. Were in two partners in primary care. Its a senior model. Its been well put together to create a complete offer for the senior, including the pharmacists been part of the morning huddle, for example, with the primary care doctors and the nurse practitioners, and the signs are encouraging. The signs are encouraging as the Humana team said and were still in the very early stages, a bit like Birchbox of this trial, but Humana is a very important test and trial for us as we focus more on the senior and more on primary care.
Charles Rhyee: Would you see that thats replacing sort of more of your  the retail clinics that maybe several years ago you had kind of embarked on more of a retail clinic model, do you see that this could be more of the go-to-model for delivering more this kind of care in the store format?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, its really early days to be honest, and, of course, we need to see the return on that money clearly. But for sure, we know the model and the clinics for us did not give us the returns that we expected. And weve been working to improve the profitability and to be honest, the customer and patient care in these clinics by working closely with healthcare systems across the USA. So, weve already altered that model quite a long way and we are happy with that model. So, we think that the full-line primary care, particularly focused on seniors is a really interesting model and we see that more of our future than the episodic clinics, the retail clinics that we had before.
Charles Rhyee: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, and thanks for all the color so far. There was a comment made about generic utilization being lower than expected. As we think about all of the moving pieces in terms of script growth versus the reimbursement pressures, any sense as to why that was the case? And was it portend in terms of your expectations for script growth going forward particularly since you do have a look at how some of the preferred networks and Part D networks have performed so far year-to-date?
Alex Gourlay: Surely, yes. So, I think, Mike, it was simply due to the fact that we lost a major book of business, the Aetna book of business went from preferred to non-preferred 12 months ago. So 1/1/19, we anniversaried that loss of book of business and weve been satisfied with the growth of our Med D business from that date. So, we anniversaried that out and I would say, we are growing very nicely with United. We became preferred with Cigna, and therefore, we are happy that we are now back to good solid market base, market growth with Med D and seniors, because seniors are usually on more medication and usually more generic medication, we are seeing generic utilization start to rise and thats what we have planned going forward as James said in his answer to another question. So, I think thats the reason for it. And again I think were satisfied that we are now back to our normal growth, market growth in Med D.
Michael Cherny: Okay. And then just one other quick question. You talked about $700 million or so give or take in buybacks for the rest of the year after doing $3.1 billion in the first half of the year, any thought process behind some of the rationale for that change and when are you able to start to buy back shares again?
James Kehoe: Well, we can start buying back shares in the next couple of days. And we  as we said, we currently project to repurchase $3.8 billion this year. And just as the planning stands for the next 3 years, we didnt want our guidance to be over-reliant on share repurchases, so weve built in $1.7 billion each year. So, as you look to the next 3 years, about 2.5 percentage points of growth comes from buybacks with some offset coming from the tax rate thats turning negative. So, as we look to mid-single-digit, if you call that kind of like a 6% to 8%, we see the core business growing at 3.5% to 5.5% excluding the use of cash for capital allocation. So, the remainder of this year is just to get back  be in the market on a particularly constant basis and hope that covers your question.
Michael Cherny: Alright, no, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning. I know you addressed cash flow on the call, but it did seem very weak even if you ex some of the Rite Aid benefits last year. Can you give any type of cash flow guidance for fiscal 19? And then secondly, Im not sure if recent results changed your view on M&A going forward, I know youve been focused more on the strategies, but does this change your view on capital deployment going forward? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Yes. On cash flow, yes, we had a pretty rocky quarter and weve got a  not surprises, but we have a couple of headwinds that we will face this year. So, if you step back from this and look back over the last couple of years, this is a business that can deliver pretty comfortably somewhere in the region of $5 billion, $5.5 billion to $6 billion of cash flow depending on the year. Now as you compare 1 year to another, you always have  youre always lapping something or some  of some sorts. This year, we have about $2.3 billion of headwinds. So, I think as you think through a normal level of cash flow, which is somewhere north of $5 billion, we have to manage through cash taxes this year, which are $900 million higher than in the previous year. Were cycling through legal payouts of $300 million and then we have large movements as a result of Rite Aid, almost $1 billion. So, the cash flow this year will be well below the trend rate. But we have developed a trigger or a plan in some support of our guidance and were quite comfortable on the long-term cash flow generating power of the company. And actually quite I would even go so far with saying as, I think when you look at some of our payment terms with suppliers and some of the way we manage inventory, we probably have large doses of opportunity. And then the final comment on cash flow, as you look at this year, our cash capital expenditures are exceptionally high. They are about $300 million or $400 million higher than the run rate and thats essentially the conversion of the Rite Aid stores. So, its quite a huge exercise because we took on 1,900 stores. As you saw from Alex, we are raising the store closures to 750, but that still leaves the conversion of 1,200 stores. And by the way, the Rite Aid acquisition has gone extremely well. The return on investment is exactly where we wanted it to be. Were getting there in a different way and actually were very encouraged by the retention were getting as we optimize the stores. So, cash flow this year will be somewhat problematic, but were quite confident on the future outlook.
Ann Hynes: Could you see a normalized level in fiscal 2020?
James Kehoe: Sorry.
Ann Hynes: Could you see that normalized level in 2020?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think we will definitely plan to be at a normalized level in 2020. We have enough initiatives lined up against the cash flow targets. We have strong capital efficiency programs ongoing, so were quite comfortable on the  on that kind of  getting back to that level quite quickly.
Ann Hynes: Okay. And just on my M&A question?
Stefano Pessina: What the  M&A what 
Ann Hynes: Yes. I wasnt sure if the recent results and the deteriorating backdrop of the retail pharmacy industry would change your views on M&A going forward?
Stefano Pessina: No. Our view is still the same. We are not close to any deal provided the price is right. We dont see any reason to use our cash overpaying for something just because there is a deterioration of the market. If anything, we have to be more careful now when we buy something because if we dont believe that the market will turn around, we have to action more carefully. Honestly, we still believe in this market. We still believe that this market is a market for the future, a big market with continuous growth, but to buy something, we must be sure that the money that we employ will come back sooner or later.
Ann Hynes: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Krista, we do have some more time, so well take a couple of more questions if you could.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: Great. Thank you. Can you remind us of your strategy in specialty pharmacy, is there an  is this an area where you could build up further in terms of your capabilities there, as well as, I think you updated us on the Prime and Express relationship, but also do you think youre competitively positioned in specialties? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. So, hi, it is Alex here. And I think as I said before, we are investing in community pharmacies in particular. These are ones which are very close to the specialist doctors and often also very close to hospitals where specialist doctors operate. And thats going really well for us. And were also investing in our relationships with AllianceRx. And, of course, weve set a buying group effectively with Express Scripts. So, were very active in this space. We know its 50% in the market going forward. We know this is where the innovation is coming from our pharmaceutical partners. And we continue to work with them on potential new models of how you can actually take the drugs and more precisely and more directly to these patients, who require these not only very, very important drugs, but its more personalized drugs. So, we are working on all fronts. Its a really important thing for us and we are investing what we think in the future of this model. And I go back to again, we think the central fill here is important, but its not the only way that you can bring these products and these very important drugs to the marketplace.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thanks. And leveraging your LabCorp relationship, what more could you potentially do there, potentially under contract research side with clinical trials and what sort of extensions do you contemplate with that LabCorp relationship? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Obviously, our relationship with LabCorp is really strong. And also weve built in Walgreens Boots Alliance, in our development function, what we call, Fine Care, which really is a platform for being able to attract, engage customers in their own healthcare, both episodic and long-term chronic conditions and we have launched a number of different solutions there. So, we think that the platform of the pharmacies with LabCorp along with the digital platforms we are building will give manufacturers a lot of new opportunity to engage with us in different ways. And one of the ways they can engage with us is speeding up their really important innovations to the marketplace. The wholesale business under Ornellas leadership has fantastic relationships globally with the biggest manufacturers across the world. And you can be assured that we are in conversations to try and join up, how do we bring the right patients, every stage of the development of these drugs to our partners in the marketplace, so we can speed up delivery of new innovations and reduce costs in healthcare.
Erin Wright: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. I had a couple of follow-up questions, first, would be around on the technology side. So, James, you talked about being able to cut some technology costs, but as we think about the potential changes with this rebate rule, it potentially could put it in the hands of the retailers to now have to do point-of-sale and then figure out a charge back, et cetera. Do you feel like you have the systems you need today or would there be incremental investments that you would have to make if we actually see what is proposed come about?
James Kehoe: I will take a shot and maybe pass it over to Alex. We think, yes, we need incremental investments, thats why we mentioned this $300 million a year, 40% would go on digital. We have two large programs going on in the U.S. right now, one is retail finance transformation, which effectively is the front of store plus all the back office, and the program is going well and would be complete in 20  end 2020. And then what we call our RxRenewal, which is a renewal of all of the pharmacy systems and thats a longer program, thats much more integrated with the digital journey were on and that will take a number of years. These are fully funded in any guidance weve given and they are quite transformational in terms of the way the company will operate. And we will obviously leverage them to reduce cost to fill across the company, back office, but equally so to engage more deeply with the consumer, the front-of-store and with patients as they come in for the pharmacies. So, its a  its like a win-win across the entire company.
Alex Gourlay: And this is Alex here. Yes, specifically looking at how do we get a transparency in the point-of-care, both the doctors office and also the pharmacy and to have that more open network. And our work  as you remember, early on, we did some work with whats formely called Valeant, now with Bausch on creating a new model, a direct to pharmacy model for a cash payment. So again, weve been working this opportunity for 3 years now I think it is and we remain convinced that these models will be very important to the future as more demands are placed on price visibility and more patients are paying more and more out of pocket for the drugs.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then my second follow-up would just be around the comments on the acquisition strategy. Clearly, a lot of questions today around your partnerships and what you have in the marketplace. You havent made an acquisition in the last few years since Rite Aid. We know that its a tough reimbursement environment on the retail side. But if you or Stefano can talk about what are the things that you target? And I know Stefano you made the comment that you have to pay the right price, but there has been talk historically about would it make sense for you to buy the rest of Amerisource, are there ways that you want to build the relationship in the healthcare neighborhood, right? So, is it, what are the kinds of things that youre thinking about that would accelerate that strategy from an M&A perspective?
Stefano Pessina: Well, I have to tell you, I can just give the same answer that I have given in the past. We are open to any kind of partnership which makes sense, which is compatible with what we are doing provided the price is correct and provided that the organization of the company that we buy or that we merge is compatible with us, because the price is very important, but also if you dont have a compatible teams at the end the merger will not work and you will not be able to deliver synergies. We are constantly reviewing a certain number of companies, dont ask me the names, I cannot give you the names. But of course, until now we have not found the right numbers to do a combination with these companies.
Lisa Gill: And is that right number more of an absolute number or does it have to do with where your stock is currently trading, because I think that as we look at this, could you potentially make an acquisition to be able to enhance your offering or to diversify from some of the issues we see in the marketplace today?
Stefano Pessina: Yes, but the share  our share price is relative, it depends on the share price of the target. If we have more or less the same multiple, the share price is not a problem. If we have a very different multiple, the share price can be a problem, but we still have a certain possibility, a certain room for additional debt. So, some acquisition could be done mainly financing them through cash, but I repeat, its not the absolute value of our shares which counts, its the relative value.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys.
Stefano Pessina: Good morning.
Ross Muken: So, two things, so, one, as we think about sort of in the rest of retail, a lot of the sort of fears that existed and what companies ultimately have done and Im thinking about Walmart and Home Depot and some of the more traditional guys, they have basically pursued one sort of omni-channel approach and I think you guys have talked a lot about technology and investment today. But two, theres just been in general a big downsizing of boxes in a lot of different areas and sort of a consolidation in the industry. Thats the one thing thats sort of lacking here, obviously, you guys are closing more stores than what we saw in the past. But how do you think about sort of the state of pharmacy and the competitive landscape, because if we think about whats driving possibly some of the reimbursement pressure outside of lower brand, some of it is still the fact that were over boxed across the U.S., maybe by a substantial amount. And so how do you think about that in the context of what you can control and what you cant control and how you expect some of the smaller peers, I guess, to sort of play out over the next couple of years?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ross, this is Alex here. Yes, we really believe in our strategy is based on our stores, but our stores have had a one size fits all mindset since the Walgreens strategy was created in the U.S. in particular. So, were reformatting and reshaping our stores against the priorities that we spoke about earlier on. And secondly, we have a strategy in retail to become even stronger in pharmacy to really strengthen our healthcare products and services and solutions and also continue to drive our beauty differentiation in the marketplace or partnering with others to take care of other categories. And lastly, but not least, we have 80 million, 85 million loyalty cardholders and we believe that data analytics are really important to understand how you personalize the offer with our pharmacy led health and beauty specialist and how you work with others to create real personalization and marketing. So thats our strategy. We think our stores are our strength. We have to reorganize them and reshape them over the next 5 to 10 years and we are on the journey to do that.
Ross Muken: Thanks. And just maybe just going back to the guidance again, particularly on sort of the multi-year basis. I guess, coming off of obviously whats a very disappointing period, as you try to sort of ring-fence some of these risks particularly around reimbursement and just pricing and then incorporated your view on again some of the policy changes, I guess, how did you sort of build confidence that mid-to-high singles was sort of the correct range and sort of the correct goal? And that with what you can do obviously on the cost side, youd be able to get there and thinking about that particularly in the context of just underlying operating income growth, which obviously this year is pretty challenged and weve still got some uncertainty possibly in the back half?
James Kehoe: Yes. So maybe let me cover first the back half and then Ill move on to the 3-year. As you look through the back half, we did say that the peak and the issue on gross margins in the pharmacies in Q2, we do expect some continuation into Q3 and then an improvement in Q4. So, as you plot out your quarters, I would assume a fairly even split in the EPS between the 2 quarters, maybe 49, 51. So Q3 will be worse and Q4 will be improving. We actually  we set ourselves a different goal when we pulled together and its not really guidance, its a growth model. And we set back and we went through very, very detailed reviews with each of the business leaders and here is the goal we set ourselves. We wanted a set of realistic goal, mid-to-high single-digit. We spent a lot of time on the levers to offset reimbursement particularly on the assumptions around generic deflation and the ability of our generic purchasing organization to deliver significant offsets. And were comfortable that the generic team can offset approximately 50% to 60% of the reimbursement impact. Then we went through each single volume assumption, particularly pharmacy, but also in the retail business. And really dont want it to be lost on the audience the changes were making in retail. And one is, this business went from a loss-making business 3 years ago to quite a profitable retail business now. So, we are from a starting point to a position of strength, but with a weak top-line delivery. And the big change will be, we will distort and refocus our resources on Health & Wellness and Beauty, and thats where we can win and we know we can win and are very attractive businesses. And then we will build partnerships with companies like Kroger to address the other parts of retail and were very convinced that we have line-of-sight to improving top-line. The second part is, we said, can we lets put in what we can control and you can control your cost journey and weve built in $1.5 billion. Weve put a strong governance around it and we will be resolute in delivering and I emphasize, at least $1.5 billion of cost reduction. So, that has a high degree of probability. And then the final thing which we said at the beginning was, its not  you cant cut yourself the glory. So, we built in the investments required to drive the top-line. So, we have the right investments, $300 million a year, which  it adds up to $1 billion of investments behind partnerships and digital. So, were investing to make sure especially that the U.S. business has the ammunition required to create that omni-channel experience in both pharmacy and in retail, so that we do get the volume delivery that creates the virtuous cycle. And thats the reason why we are actually quite confident that the growth model for the 3 years is founded in a lot of fact and actually its quite a detailed plan weve developed internally. And the question weve got earlier, does it translate the cash, and the answer is yes. We see a line-of-sight and consistently deliver in that $5 billion type range that weve done in the past. We see no reason why the business cant do something similar into the future. And I say what Stefano said in the past, were very disappointed with the quarter and the requirement to take down guidance and thats made us resolute that weve put in place very tangible plans to make sure we dont have to do that again and thats the commitment from the management team.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. And Im afraid, we are now out of time, its better place to end. So, we  obviously, I know a lot of you didnt get to ask questions on the call, the IR team here are available for the rest of week to answer any questions you may have. And we will look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much indeed. Krista, would you like to close the call?
Operator: And this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Sir, you may begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I am here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will as usual take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In todays presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After this call, the presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I will now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and hello everyone. Today, we have as a company reported a solid set of quarterly results. Our businesses are used to working in challenging market conditions. But in some of our markets, we have experienced the most difficult trading environment that I can remember. Given this backdrop, it is a testament to the tenacity and determination of our teams that we have reported increased sales, net earnings and earnings per share. We have continued our work to build on our partnerships in the quarter. We have started some new partnerships and we have begun testing a number of new initiatives. Alex will talk to you about this in a few minutes, but it is important to point out that these partnerships covered the whole spectrum of our business in healthcare, beauty, convenience, retail, logistics and services. I am also particularly excited by our new strategic partnership with Verily in which we will become the first choice of retail pharmacy development and commercial partner for them, given the complete healthcare focus of Verily and the leading edge nature of much of the work that they are doing, this is a fantastic opportunity to bring these products and programs to a wide patient population quickly and efficiently to the benefit of the patients and the payers at the same time. Going forward, the agreement with Verily will see us collaborate closely on the development of new products and concepts, higher linked programs among our employee base, while preparing plans for wide public commercialization. This partnership is not just designed to broaden the range of each of our offering, but also to help us accelerate the transformation of our own businesses and to prepare our company for the future. It is a further step in our plans to accelerate digitalization with much more to follow. Digitalization of the company is a huge challenge for those significant opportunities. We are still developing our plans, but we will connect better with the consumer improved operations of our stores, simplify what we do today and our digital capabilities that will make us fit for the future and of course we are continuing to invest in our core IT system to improve core processes and operations. Alex will tell you more about our partnership with Verily in a few moments. Of course, a key part of preparing for the future is establishing the right cost based structure and infrastructure for the business as we look to the future in an increasingly automated and digitized world. James will tell you about the new program we are putting in place to achieve this. But first, I will ask him to take us through the quarterly results. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano and good morning everyone. Overall, we delivered a solid set of results in the quarter. GAAP EPS increased 45% to $1.18 per share and adjusted EPS increased 14.1% on a reported and constant currency basis. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was $460 million. This reflected seasonal working capital investments and the integration of the acquired Rite Aid stores. And we are confirming our full year guidance with 7% to 12% growth in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. Now, lets look at the results in more detail. Sales increased 9.9% including the currency headwind of 1.5%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 11.4% reflecting the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores and organic sales growth of 4.3%. Adjusted operating income declined 3.3% and there are a couple of factors playing out here. Firstly, you will recall that we guided to $150 million of incremental store and labor investments in 2019. The first quarter investment was $30 million and this reduced adjusted operating income by 165 basis points. Secondly, we had a weak quarter in the Retail Pharmacy International segment and this reduced adjusted operating income growth by 390 basis points. Approximately half of the Retail Pharmacy International variance was due to weak UK market conditions with the balance due to exceptional events that distort year-on-year comparisons. Adjusted EPS increased 14.1% to $1.46 per share driven by 8 percentage points from U.S. tax reform and a 4 percentage point contribution from our share repurchase program. GAAP EPS increased 45% to $1.18 per share. The prior year period included the impairment of our equity method investment in Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals and a loss from the companys equity earnings in AmerisourceBergen. Now, lets look at the performance of our divisions starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales were up 14.4% reflecting the acquired Rite Aid stores and solid organic sales growth of 4.6%. Adjusted gross profit increased 6.1% reflecting mid single-digit growth in both pharmacy and retail, including the contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Adjusted SG&A spend increased 8.1% entirely due to the acquired Rite Aid stores. Excluding Rite Aid, adjusted SG&A spend declined 2.6% driven by continued strong cost discipline which more than offset our previously announced investments in store wages and strategic initiatives. Adjusted SG&A was 18.2% of sales, an improvement of 100 basis points compared to the year ago quarter. On the same basis, adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has now improved for 22 consecutive quarters. Adjusted operating income increased 0.1% in the quarter. As you look at the quarter, please remember that it includes $30 million of store and labor investments, which reduced profit growth by around 220 basis points. Adjusted operating margin was 5.4%, 0.7 percentage points lower than the prior year due to reimbursement pressure and the continued shift to specialty. Now, lets look at more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 17.5% mainly reflecting Rite Aid with organic growth coming in at 7.6%. Our central specialty business grew 50% year-on-year and comp pharmacy sales increased 2.8%. The number of retail prescriptions filled on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations increased 11.4%. We saw continued improvement in comp prescription growth. Compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, comps improved sequentially, up 2% this quarter versus 1.3% last quarter. Prescription growth benefited from the transfer of scripts from our Rite Aid stores and this largely offset the Medicare Part D network changes. In addition, last years comps benefited from a 60 basis point impact from hurricanes. This led to first quarter market share of 22.4%, up approximately 180 basis points compared to last year. Pharmacy gross profit increased mid single-digit versus prior year. The pharmacy gross margin evolution reflected the continued shift to specialty, which accounted for around 180 basis points and reimbursement pressure. These factors were partially offset by procurement savings. Finally, we will begin to lap the margin dilutive FEP specialty contract in January 2019. Turning next to our retail business, retail sales increased 6% reflecting the sales contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Comp retail sales declined 3.2% impacted by two key factors that explain around 290 basis points. Firstly, we continued to deemphasize select products and this impacted performance by 180 basis points with approximately 150 basis points due to tobacco. Secondly, we were facing a tough year ago comp number that was boosted by the impact of hurricanes and a very strong cough-cold flu season. Together, these were approximately 110 basis points. Retail gross profit increased mid single-digit and excluding Rite Aid, retail gross margins expanded 60 basis points. This quarter, we have continued to expand our partnerships in healthcare, beauty and convenience and Alex will talk about these later. Turning now to Retail Pharmacy International which as usual is in constant currency, sales decreased 3.6% in a challenging UK market, excluding the impact of the divestiture of our Boots contract manufacturing business and a change in loyalty accounting, sales decreased 2.3%. UK comp pharmacy sales declined 3.5%, mainly due to temporarily higher prices in the prior year, caused by shortages in certain generic drugs. Boots UK comp retail sales declined 2.6%. Improved market share performance was more than offset by a very weak retail environment. SG&A costs increased slightly compared to last year. Adjusted operating income declined 34.6%. Approximately half of the decline was due to the weak UK market conditions and the balance was due to exceptional items and phasing, including the prior year divestment, the change in loyalty accounting and the timing of pharmacy payments. Clearly, we expect significantly improved performance in the coming quarters. With sales being down in line with the market, we are taking steps to improve our operational performance. Overall, however, we were competitive in the quarter. We estimate that the traditional retail market declined by 5.9% in the categories in which we operate. Excluding the impact of the Toys R Us bankruptcy, we estimate the market decline by 3%, but we did gain market share in the quarter and the trend is improving. We have invested in online growth and Boots UK online sales increased in the low-teens. Several important initiatives are underway to improve our revenue performance. In pharmacy and healthcare, we are developing a true omni-channel experience in stores and online. In beauty, we are continuing to develop our online and in-store offerings. We will be launching new and innovative leading beauty brands. And in the second half, we are looking to modernize the experience in our beauty halls starting with our top 25 stores. We will align our cost base with the new market dynamics and this will be addressed as part of our global cost program. Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which we will also discuss in constant currency. The division delivered another solid quarter with sales up 6.6% led by continued strong growth in emerging markets. Adjusted operating income increased 3.1%, reflecting higher sales and a higher contribution from AmerisourceBergen. Turning next to cash flow, operating cash flow was $460 million. Free cash flow reflects higher seasonal working capital investments and $177 million due to the acquired Rite Aid stores. Good management of both receivables and inventories led to a further reduction in our cash conversion days. Cash capital investment was $470 million, $92 million higher than prior year, including the impact of Rite Aid store conversions. Lets turn now to our guidance for the year. We are confirming our full year guidance and expect constant currency adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 12% in fiscal 2019. As a reminder, this guidance includes select store and labor investments of $150 million and EPS headwind of 2% and share repurchases contribute around 5% to EPS growth. While we are not providing updated guidance, we have included a currency sensitivity analysis in the appendix. As of today, currencies result in an adverse EPS impact of approximately $0.07 compared to $0.04 at the time of our original guidance announcement. Overall, as we look forward, we expect to be back-end weighted as cost saving programs kick in, in the latter part of the year. Additionally, currency is quite volatile right now, especially in the short-term. Last quarter, I mentioned that our guidance for the full year included savings from upcoming strategic cost management programs. And we would now like to update you on our current thinking. We have had a rigorous focus on cost reduction since WBA was setup 4 years ago and we have made strong progress. The first phase delivered significant synergies from the merger, for example, by combining head offices and creating our generic purchasing office. The second phase focused more on operational efficiency, in supply chain and in our store operations. In addition, we boosted our retail margins through aggressive promotional effectiveness and SKU rationalization. And in the third phase, leveraging our investment in systems and processes and recognizing the change in customer behavior, we aim to simplify our operations and reduce the cost of running the business. While we have made solid progress, we are only halfway through the systems investments and there is still a lot more to be done. And finally, we do have a good track record of controlling SG&A. As I have just mentioned, in our Retail Pharmacy USA division, we have now reduced adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales versus the year ago quarter for 22 consecutive quarters. We are now launching a new phase of transformational cost management. This program will allow us to counteract margin pressure, create a lean operating model and fuel the investments to make WBA agile and fit for the future. Encouragingly, we see significant opportunities over a multiyear period. The program is multi-faceted. Firstly, we will continue to optimize performance within each division. Secondly, we are launching new global programs to implement smart spending and smart organization. And finally, we are embarking on a digital transformation across the company. The program starts now and scales up over time. We are moving quickly to optimize divisional performance. We are already restructuring our retail businesses in Chile and Mexico to address low margins in both markets. The pace has been impressive with the programs largely executed in less than 3 months. Although the cost savings here are relatively small, it shows our agility and speed in addressing the cost structure. And in our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, we will improve the effectiveness of our warehouse network and commercial operations to improve profitability in select markets. We expect this part of the program to deliver savings of between $65 million and $75 million per annum. One-time costs are expected to be between $150 million and $170 million, of which the cash component will be around 90%. The returns are attractive. More importantly, we are undertaking a global review of our cost base and have engaged a center to assist in this. We have just started a global smart spending and smart organization program and we will adopt a zero-based approach. We are starting with a 16-week assessment phase to review and validate the size of the price. The program will build on ongoing initiatives and a strong track record especially in the U.S. Initially, we will focus on our largest markets, the U.S. and UK and our global functions followed by our other markets. Finally, and as Stefano covered upfront, we aim to digitize the enterprise to drive enhanced capabilities and lower operating costs. We are targeting an excessive $1 billion in annual cost savings by the end of the third year. And we target attractive returns on the overall project. Expect regular updates as we work through the various initiatives. Thank you. And Ill now hand you over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James, and hello, everyone. Before I look at the individual initiatives, we have underway, Id like to remind you of the overall objective of the work we are doing in our retail businesses most particularly, in Walgreens. Our ambition is to enhance our customer focus to the point where we contribute positively to every aspect of our customers life. We cannot be all things to all people, but we aim to have something in our offering that can contribute to all the areas of our customers data life that are important to them and that we can provide in a convenient way. By true convenience, I mean, a combination of 3 things. The first is clearly our traditional convenience, the physical proximity to our customer. At any time in their daily life it almost certainly going to be within easy reach of Walgreens. This gives us a huge advantage. We are there when our customers need us. The second element of convenience really builds on the first. In the world we are living today, we must create a company that can interact with our customers, however, wherever and whenever is right for them. We cant wait for them to come to our stores. We must be able to interact with them on their phone, online, via an app, which can fit on any technology platform on their watch or through their voice technology to the speakers in the farm room, kitchen, or car, whatever is right for them. Im not talking about just state-of-the-art website or app, it is more than that, is by making sure that we as an organization are geared up to completely integrate the physical world with the particular and personalized interfaces, they have access to and want to use. We have a huge head start in getting this right. Our physical proximity means we are already closed our hand to translate the digital world into real physical action be that in a delivery of goods or services. Of course, the final element of convenience is a true and properly curated convenience retail offering. This means the right products at the right price, but not every product at the absolute lowest price. The basis of our customer proposition must be the right mix of convenience, services, and specialist retail. Getting this right ensures customer loyalty and underpins the strong values that our brand stands for. Youre seeing our approach to this in the partnerships we are developing. We are building on our own experience and expertise in pharmacy, healthcare, and health and beauty retailing by bringing new brands and services to our customers through a series of partnerships with experts in their relevant fields. Working with partners, who have the best-in-class expertise and offerings, we are setting new standards for delivery of goods and services in the retail pharmacy channel and in a marketplace as a whole. Although, we are in early stage in many of these initiatives, customer response so far has been positive. Our work to develop our healthcare offer in-store is accelerating with the deployment of further LabCorp locations at Walgreens patient service centers. It is still very early days for the trial we are doing with Humana in Kansas City of the partners and primary care clinics in-store. We still need to validate the business model and the economics of the clinics, but patient response has been very promising and I believe it has a good chance that this may provide a template for primary care in many of our stores. Our partnerships with Birchbox, Spin Telecom 6 [ph] 1:46, and mostly recently, Kroger, each in different ways show how working with experts has the potential to truly differentiate our customer offering in-store. Working with FedEx is a clear demonstration of how we can grow these partnerships beyond just the retail offering to enhance and expand on our own services. The announcement of our next-day delivery service nationwide was another processing customer service from Walgreens. Turning to international retail, Boots continues to be strongly positioned in the UK both as a brand and as a mass pharmacy-led health and beauty specialist. However, we recognize the need to modernize our customer proposition and the team has started work on this already. And in particular, focus on new products, propositions, and the in-store beauty experience of personalizing, digitalizing further the whole beauty experience. To enable these necessary changes, the team are also looking at shifting where we invest today, align to the companys overall cost transformation plan. Then of course, it is our new relationship with Verily, as our new partner to develop pilot and bring to market products and services to the pharmacy. This partnership starts with offering the already successful Onduo diabetes management service, which comes out of Verilys joint venture with Sanofi to an employee base to help them manage their health, improve their quality of life, and provide better service and support, all at lowest cost. Were also enthusiastic about kicking off a medication adherence pilot project that will explore new data and device technologies. Adherence is arguably one of the most costly real-world barriers to improving patient outcomes. These are just the first of a number of initiatives in the pipeline with Verily in the management of chronic conditions. We also hope to look at opportunities in disease state monitoring. It is exciting to have the opportunity to be a part of the innovative development work that Verily is doing and in future has the potential to be a strong and important partnership for both companies. Im also pleased to say that we have expanded our relationship with Alibaba by beginning to roll out the ability to use Alipay in our stores in the U.S. Weve already enabled the system in 25 stores and plan to offer payment by Alipay in at least 3,500 stores in the USA by the end of February. This has particular significance for our valuable Chinese customer population, who can now not only buy our products via our dedicated store and Alibabas Tmall in Asia, but will now be able to shop in the U.S. using Alipay as it in their home. The Alipay system that only processes payments internationally, but identifies places for customers, where it is accepted and allows targeted promotions via the platform enabling us to market directly to these customers in a highly focused and personalized way. So you can see overall, we are following a theme, all that we are doing fits into an overall plan in developing our offering and the structure to offer materially enhanced, focused and over time more personalized and bespoke service to each and every one of our customers. And of course, as we increasingly use technology to achieve our overarching aims. We are generating a wealth of data and understanding that will allow us to become even better how we deliver all these things to our customers and a more efficient company over time. Use of data is another area where we are working quickly to transform and enhance our company. As Stefano has mentioned in the past, this is another opportunity where we are actively looking a whole partnership can accelerate our work. So that is the latest updates on our retail transformation. I will now hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. So you have heard how we are looking to the future and actively building the capabilities, partnerships and perhaps some most importantly a mindset that we will be displaying both for the future growth of our company. Of course, what we are doing is a continuation of a process of change that we have been fulfilling for some time. But as the pace of change accelerates in our market, it is important for us to increase our own pace of change. We must remain architect of our own destiny rather than have our future define it by others. Our markets are changing around the world. While the drivers that are fueling these are different in retail and pharmacy, the importance of transforming our business to address these changing markets is equally key to both areas. The initiatives that we have spoken about today have already begun to impact the businesses improving efficiency, reducing costs and reshaping our company to better support our future growth. As Alex has said, our future builds on our strength, our physical reach and our healthcare focus. These are the foundations of our relationship with our customers, the patients, the payers and a healthcare provider. Today, you have heard how we plan to bridge the transition to the future, while maintaining our economic growth by reducing our cost and deploying technology mostly actively in our business and doing this in an efficient and effective way. We believe the transformation program we have announced today has the capacity to counter the trading pressure we are facing in a number of our markets. It will support our growth until the work we are doing to change and update our offering and engage a new income streams in healthcare has maturity enough to compensate for the inevitable pressure of cementing pharmacy and the dealer work to differentiate our consumer offering delivers the growth in retail. So all-in-all, this was the quarter of progress within the company and the solid financial performance overall. This I believe sets the tone for the year as a whole if we want to deliver on the initiative we have underway. As ever, we have a lot of work to do and there are many moving parts both in our markets and in our company, but I remain confident that have available to us all we need to deliver for our customers and investors and to do what is needed to ensure the future of this company as a strong, healthy and prosperous business, improving the life and well being of the communities we serve for many years to come. Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from George Hill with RBC. Your line is now open.
George Hill: Yes, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, James, my first question for you would be on the $1 billion cost savings program that you guys have outlined. I guess, can you talk about expected cost to deliver the program, maybe sources of the synergies by region and how much do you think flows to the bottom line versus gets reinvested in the business?
James Kehoe: Hi, its James here. So at this stage, we are announcing the intention on the program and some parts of it are confidential. So what we have given you is the key first step and weve shown you the metrics of some additional downsizing in the Mexico, Chile and in Pharmaceutical Wholesale, so we have a pretty good grasp on this part of it we have quantified the one-time costs relating to that and we took a charge in Q3 of $30 million and weve actually completed the actions in Chile and Mexico I dont want to give the exact number, but we have an internal rate of return on this combined program just as the initial part of it of 40% to 50% so the returns are highly attractive and our decisions are extremely DCF driven the second big part is, what we call smart spending and smart organization we have engaged Accenture to a system, they have a certain tool set which is 0-based budgeting and we have estimates initial estimates from them as to the potential size or price thats possible what we havent estimated yet is the magnitude of the cost to implement what I would say and is rather than you extrapolate the first part of the program, the first part of the program is, includes some warehouse consolidations that includes exiting some stores which are more expensive when you do 0-based budgeting and you reduce travel cost or consulting cost, the cost to implement is 0 and the savings come very, very quickly as you move into organizational aspects, the costs increase and you could plan on somewhere between 6 months and 1-year of severance, but we have no estimate yet, as to how much would come from people cost as opposed to non-people cost, what we have is a large comfort around the $1 billion that weve put in place and our job is actually to beat it so what will happen going forward, we started a 16-week assessment, at the end of that 16 weeks, we will have enormous transparency and granularity, we will know who spends what on what, down to the lowest level on who spends on travel and consulting and we will start rolling out savings programs immediately after the 16 weeks what we will do for the 16, well confirm the size of prize that we intent to target so thats step number two the last step is digitization of a company thats more complex, it involves engaging partners to help in journey one example this morning was Verily thats one piece of the puzzle there are other pieces that will come together reasonably quickly it involves fixing core systems, transporting our technology from todays technology new technologies the estimates on that are tough to call, we have large ambitions related to this that are not included in the $1 billion per se, because theyre tough to quantify so I guess, in summary, were extremely comfortable on $1 billion over 3 years and thats an annual cost saving number and we expect to hit it by the end of the third year we expect to come back to you I call it 4 to 6 months with detailed one-time cost on implementation and then dont extrapolate the first piece of the program in terms of one-time costs, some of the savings and typically Ive done two of these programs before, typically out of a $1 billion at least 70% comes from non-people cost and the cost to implement travel and consulting are 0, but if you start looking at your placement of your offices and moving offices then in becomes more expensive so it all depends on the actions the leadership team intend to take and those actions will determine in the next 4 to 6 months.
George Hill: Okay and if I might have a quick follow up for Alex I guess, Alex, I know the Humana partnership in Kansas City is early but I guess, can you tell us anything youve learned thus far about how its progressing to maybe the economics for Walgreens and kind of what the Blue-Sky case for that partnership looks like?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, no, its really early, I mean, the key thing is the reaction of the customers or the patients to having a primary care center focus on seniors in a pharmacy so the convenience factor is obvious and is coming through we have connected the pharmacist more and more to the healthcare professional through just a physical location so the end-to-end care individual patients are really care are really clear particularly in Medicare Advantage and the atmosphere has become more of a healthcare atmosphere than a convenience atmosphere as well so these are just anecdotal, but were really pleased with how its going and the relationship between the companies is very positive in terms of that location in terms of as we look forward, we think that across the USA, well be able to do a number of these locations as a hub and spoke idea and we have a number of really great properties which are in corners of America which dont have the population the population supports a pharmacy, but not necessarily a strong fund end, the world has changed so we think that one of the obvious things we can do here is to utilize the space better by claiming more this health care hub and destination so far, so good, really, really early days, but encouraging from a point of view of engaging costumers particular seniors in their healthcare, their health care needs.
George Hill: Thank you appreciate the call.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette: Hi thanks good morning everybody so last quarter you talked about at least 3.5% core operating profit growth within the overall EPS growth guidance of plus 7% to plus 12%, I guess, Im just curious given the minus 4% profit decline just posted here in the fiscal first quarter it can be assume you could still hit the low end of that target for the full year? And also, can you just confirm maybe in terms of percentage points or some other variable, just how much you know savings maybe recognized in fiscal 2019 from this new cost cutting program within the guidance? Thanks.
James Kehoe: Okay Ill answer another question as well, which is, how do we think about the strategic cost management or transformational cost management one is, we see it as a multi-year program that consistently will help us to offset our reimbursement pressure in the market, its been a concern out there which is how much more SG&A can you reduce in the business to help offset gross margin changes so we see it as enabling our long-term targets, not incremental to the long-term targets and the program gives us increasing confidence in our ability to deliver consistent EPS growth over multi-year periods so getting back to the first quarter, were not giving guidance, were not changing our guidance on the full year so we remain comfortable with the guidance range we would we gave out at the beginning of the year and after one quarter its far too an early to call but let me try and dissect the first quarter because it is fair, our operating income was down, EPS was up 14% and there were two key drivers one is, tax reform generated a favorability of 8%, so we were boosted by taxes our massive cash generation allowed us to redeploy and repurchase shares and that generated 4% but as you look at the operating income of 3%, theres two big factors in there, one is, we are reinvesting in the U.S. business and I did call out that cost approximately 165 basis points on the total corporation the other one is, we did have a couple of unusual events that we did to start the RPI segment and these are things like we sold a Boots Contract Manufacturing business and with the benefit of hindsight, we should have restated our adjusted results we changed loyalty accounting in d UK in line with U.S. CC guidance and with the benefit of hindsight we should have restated those two items alone that come for almost 200 basis points so we kind of have these 200 basis points plus another 165 basis points so all of the decline on operating income is due to these items now thats not an excuse, right? But were less preferred by the 3% in the quarter because were cycling through or cycling through some tough distortions as you look forward, we think the plan will be as what I said in my comments will be somewhat back-end loaded and all I suggest you do is, go look out the a solution of operating income by quarter in the prior year last year we had a very strong first-half and somewhat weaker second half so we feel more comfortable in the second half because were going to lapping quite low operating income growth in the second half and actually quarter one and quarter two, we delivered average operating income growth last year of 5% so were lapping some fairly high numbers in the prior year period so but as all Im saying is this is how you should maybe think about at first-half, second half and we have an easier comparison when we get into the second half of the year but in terms of guidance were just confirming we didnt do a re-plan on the basis of quarter one we feel comfortable, we understand the quarter one progression and we have some distorting items year-on-year that make the quarter messy to present, but it doesnt push us off track on any of our goals so thanks.
Stefano Pessina: Steve, and the remind you that we have never missed the guidance.
Steven Valiquette: Your drop back is pretty impressive.
Stefano Pessina: When we do a guidance we think very carefully about it.
Steven Valiquette: Okay I appreciate the extra color thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Great thanks very much and good morning Alex, I just want to go back to some of the comments around the partnership? And maybe James as well give some thoughts around the margin of these new relationships versus the traditional business so I know I appreciate your comments is going to take time, I appreciate that, we think about Humana, we think about LabCorp and some of the others but when I think about how the model plays out the several years from now, will the margins from these relationships be equal to what we have in a traditional business better than or will it be a hindrance to the margin we see today?
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, hi good morning I think the way to think about it is that weve been reducing and cutting in the main unprofitable SKUs and reducing less profitable cash, thats what weve been doing for the last two years, there has, as James said in his prepared remarks, sales, so weve been doing already clearing space really to just that he offers so, of course, we have tight IRR and investment guidance and we always have had and will always have so I think this is fair to assume as we start to scale enroll these initiatives they will be critical to the overall profitability of the box, otherwise we wouldnt do it to be honest the second thing I would think about is the whole active port driver, in my prepared remarks I spoke a lot about the proximity to customers and customers more and more are loving small boxes easier to navigate parking lots and driving just more convenience in their lives I am really focusing in on how do we drive more customers not just through mobile technology, but also into a very convenient locations to go about their daily lives probably the best example because its the most mature example is FedEx we have the growth when I was seeing through the whole got Walgreens platform, which is now virtually in every Walgreens including the ready stores which I just purchased including Puerto Rico the growth there is substantial in terms of number of people are coming to pick up their parcels and drop off their parcels thats one example which you know more material so, again, I wouldnt discuss the impact of fruitful and heal on the core health and beauty castries going forward as well so this is real transformation of the drugstore model as early stages, but we can encourage that when you put the right products with the right expertise behind it and good value, our convenience is a natural advantage for us in the marketplace.
Stefano Pessina: And you have seen look at Verily. Verily its a fantastic company as you know because theyre very innovative, theyre investing a lot new solutions and at the certain point they felt the they need of the opportunity to have a better link with people to really dialogue with a real patients, the physical patients and so naturally they have thought of us because we have this attitude to use the fantastic footprint that we have to help other people to develop the idea to sell their products and if we cannot become, if we want to have for healthcare particularly in future this will a point of reference of how they look and this is what we try to do and of course, you can imagine that if we will be able to be even more a point of reference and we are today, of course, our future will be quite good.
Lisa Gill: As you think about this transformation, whats the timeline of the transformation and is this 3 years, is this 5 years, is this 10 years how do we think about it from an investor perspective?
Stefano Pessina: It will take years lets say years, whether this will be 3 or 5, its difficult to say because the main of this fact that they take a lot of time to come to a real fruition and then we have also to understand that and of course the effect thats we are doing an incredible effort to digitize the company if into use the digitalization for not only improving the efficiency of the company, but also to offer many, many more services to our customers that we make all these process simpler and we will accelerate this process.
Lisa Gill: Okay great thanks for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi this is Elizabeth in for Ross. I was just wondering if you could unpack a little bit more of the sources of the same store prescription growth in the U.S.? Thanks.
James Kehoe: I will revise all the I think as we said in previous earnings update, made this season last year starting January 1, 2018 was not as we had hoped for, well be we went from preferred to non-preferred specifically in the end of the business, so always was there, quite a chunk of scripts and market share we have invested at 1/1/19 and obviously we will be through that phase in addition to that, weve been able to continue to see a great partnership with UnitedHealth and Urgent Care again I think thats looking good for 1/1/19 has been a good contributor to 2018 as well and on top of that of course, we are working in a more preferred relationship with Cigna for the first time on 1/1/19 as well so on the fastest growing because maybe I think were going to be in a better shape than we are this year and probably growing at the market which is, of course, what we intend to do if not of the market there is a partnership with Prime goes from strength-to-strength in a commercial business and, of course, thats another important market for us so were still in pretty good about next year relative this year you see the trend has improved with some good operational initiatives in terms of adherence and initiatives along with genetic switching and entity at programs well all of these are what well and, of course, on top of that, weve been very pleased with the attention of prescriptions in the quiet ready books of business as well so overall, we think were going to be a solid year in 2019 and feel good about particularly compared to meet the 2018.
Elizabeth Anderson: Perfect thats helpful and one quick follow-up on more of a housekeeping question what was your overall U.S. same-store sales total not pharmacy or front end for the quarter?
Alex Gourlay: It was I think it was done well all sales.
Elizabeth Anderson: And I noticed you gave an organic number, but then I didnt seem like there was a same-store sales accretive anymore?
James Kehoe: Yes, the 4.6 organic is two components, weve got the overall same store which I believe is around 1% and then you got the specialty business, specialty business is growing at 50% so as you look at the numbers, the organic is to buy specialty you have got really solid pharmacy gains are growing 2% versus which is sequentially much better than the quarter four performance so actually quarter four was up 1.3%, but it was boosted by hurricanes, you take that out 60 basis points, there is quite a significant step up in performance versus Q4.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay thank you thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Larsen with Leerink. Your line is now open.
David Larsen: Hi can you talk about results in the retail international division operating income was behind our expectations, how long will the reimbursement, repressure last over in the UK and what are you doing to offset that? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, its Alex here, yes. So, I mean I think the reimbursement pressure in the UK had been consistent for years, I would say, I have a lot of experience there and this is no exception. I think the thing thats different a little bit is that for the first time we have seen description items actually flat to slightly down in the marketplace. I think governments also be now working to take items off the national formula that used to be on it and asking customers to pay for it and over the counter. So, I think thats probably the one change we have seen in the last period, which again contracts volume. But the thing to remember on the positive side there is a global sum in the UK which is our main business. And on top of that, the global sum is shared amongst those with a registered pharmacy. So therefore, overall, we can manage quite a straightforward formula, which is that we know that we are going to have to become more efficient year after year after year. And its a pretty steady trend going forward. The big issue in the retail international business this time was really the performance directly of our retail business. And as I think James described very well in prepared remarks about half that issue was driven by market conditions. As James said, we actually are getting more comfortable with our performance in terms of market share and we believe in the measured market, we grew market share in the quarter. But obviously the market is very down, the other half of the issues in retail international business in the UK was driven by one-offs and James described them really well, we have payment changes from the NHS payments. Its actually a timing issue. We had a change in loyalty. We [are looking for] loyalty which was an official change that we followed. And thirdly, we had the sale of BCM. So again, I think Boots contract manufacturing all of these were the other say they...
James Kehoe: Just to emphasize that I want to be clear on pharmacy, year-on-year in pharmacy is entirely due to generic drugs shortages in the prior year that artificially boosted the prior year, we are not losing share and actually we have no reimbursement pressure, because the UK government has confirmed year-on-year funding across the broad industry. And then if you go to the retail business in the UK, we gained share in all four categories. Now, the problem is the category declines accelerated in Q4 and thats something we are watching closely. Its been a very weak season in the last few months and you can read it in all the headlines in the UK, but I want to emphasize our share is quite strong in the UK.
Alex Gourlay: And also in terms of actions, James mentioned obviously the cost program, which will be important and secondly, we are really at re-imagining our beauty offer. We have new products and new brands coming in, in the future that we have signed up. And of course, as Stefano has mentioned and James mentioned, the digitalization of it, its a big opportunity as well.
David Larsen: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Just to kind of wrap up a lot of the thematic questions you have been that asked today, particularly around the partnership model. As you think about all the various ones and the various different stages they are in and Stefano, I know you said you think 3 to 5 years is your kind of intermediate timeline for the store transitioning. At what point do we start to see that incremental contribution from the financials of the partnerships? I am not just talking about people coming into the store, but any specific fees, any specific revenues that you are generating specifically from some of these partnerships start to manifest itself and are there any at this point that are big enough in order to really move the needle on your operating profit?
Stefano Pessina: Well, they will start to contribute when we will be able to hold them over in quantities. Of course, if we have 15 stores or 20 stores they will not  the contribution will be there, but its really small. When we will have thousands of stores, we will start to see the contribution. For instance, for FedEx, we have a contribution which is of course is not the billions, but its significant. And this will be the case for all day partnership that we will be able to allow once we will be convinced that these partnerships are profitable. And this is why it takes some time for us to test a partnership, but we are not trashing, we prefer to wait, but to be sure that the partnership is profitable, because we have to invest a certain capital to expand those partnerships to many, many stores and of course we want the usual return on our capital. So at the end those partnerships will have a significant contribution to what we do direct, not just indirect as Alex was saying that of course it will be also important, but direct contribution.
Michael Cherny: And just one quick clarification if you dont mind, regarding the second half weighting, James, was that referring specifically to EBIT performance, EPS performance or both?
James Kehoe: It primarily relates to adjusted operating income, I think thats the best measure of the challenge in lapping the numbers. So first half, second half, you can look at it by quarter, but also Q1 and Q2 EPS on an average basis was higher in the second EPS, but its a more market comparison when you actually look at the adjusted operating income.
Michael Cherny: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Aaron Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Aaron Wright: Okay, thanks so much. Can you give us an update on the MedExpress relationship with United and Urgent Care, is that a relationship progressing according to plan and is that something you expected plan to continue going forward? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, Aaron. Yes, its Alex here. Yes, we are testing in the ground and as Stefano said in the last answer, we are waiting to see exactly how they perform that was always the plan with Optum and UnitedHealth, sorry, was to do that. And they are performing roughly as we had expected in terms of what we are seeing, but we have never  we have not made anymore decisions of expansion or doing things differently at this stage.
Aaron Wright: Okay, great. Can you share your thoughts on commentary out of Washington as well as some of the other commentary from pharmaceutical manufacturers related to branded price and inflation trends in your exposure overall to that metric. How that impacts margins profit dollar? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. I mean, I think the market numbers are quite clear. The level of branded inflation has reduced in over the last periods and thats continued and also we think that will get into  that seems to be continue into future as the political pressure and the consumer pressure to go on plays out. With generics, again, were seeing less deflation, but theres still a deflation at marketplace. So clearly both of these together adds a little bit to reimbursement pressure, but its something that were used to and its something that weve planned for in our guidance.
Stefano Pessina: You have to remember that in the end our job is to distribute to deliver prescription and to distribute drugs. So at the end were remunerated for these kind of job and even price if will go down, we will have in any case a level of remuneration for what we do. So overtime the market whatever the price is the market will level and we will remunerate for the work that we do for our job. I dont say that we are independent on the price of the drugs, but we are less dependent than other players.
Aaron Wright: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-10-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our earnings call. Im here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In todays presentation, we will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. Youll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After this call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Ill now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Hello, everybody. Today, we are announcing another solid financial performance, both in the fourth quarter and for the full-year as a wholeIm particularly pleased with the strong full-year adjusted earnings per share growth, up 18%, meaning that we have delivered mid-teens compound annual growth since WBAs inception. A significant feature of our growth has been our strong cash generation, which continued to develop well this year. These strong and resilient cash flows stem from the important role that our pharmacy businesses play in national health care systems and in the daily lives of our customers. I believe true customer focus will be key to our future. Focusing on our customers and their needs will drive growth. And with that in mind, it is very encouraging to see the continued market share gain here in the USA, as we continue to deploy the benefits of scale in part to offset the inevitable pressures that occur as demand for healthcare continue to grow. The team in the U.S. has continued to make good progress on a number of initiatives, notably with the work to integrate the stores that we acquired from Rite Aid, which the team are delivering on schedule and on budget. James will update you on that in a moment. Of course, we have also made a significant progress in the formation and development of partnerships and alliances, as you have seen from our announcements in the past weeks, including the announcement of our expanded partnerships with LabCorp. This is all part of our strategic initiative to transform our offering, organization and infrastructure to be fit for the future. We believe in true partnerships that share resources, skills and expertise and either accelerate our own work or bring us capabilities that we could not easily or economically develop ourselves. You will hear about these partnerships once James has taken us through the numbers. So with that, I will hand over to James.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we delivered a solid set of results in the fourth quarter and the full-year. GAAP EPS more than doubled in the quarter, with the full-year up 33.6%. Adjusted EPS increased 13% in the fourth quarter, both on a reported and constant currency basis, and for the year, adjusted EPS grew 18%, with 17.1% growth in constant currency. We delivered full-year sales growth of 11.3% on a constant currency basis. And excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, our organic sales growth was 3.2%. Encouragingly, our U.S. comp sales improved sequentially versus the third quarter, both in pharmacy and retail. Reimbursement pressure continued and we partially offset the impacts through good cost management and procurement savings. Cash generation was strong, with free cash flow up 16.9% to $6.9 billion. And as weve said many times, if we dont make any significant investments in the year, we will return excess cash to our shareholders and maintain an efficient balance sheet. In total, our strong cash generation allowed us to return $6.8 billion to shareholders this year, $5.2 billion in share repurchases and $1.6 billion in dividends. Turning now to our full-year results on Slide 5. Full-year sales increased 11.3% and GAAP EPS was up 33.6% to $5.5. This performance reflects high single-digit growth in adjusted net earnings, the absence of the prior year of cost transformation program and a lower share count. On an adjusted constant currency basis, our key metrics increased versus prior year. Sales advanced 10%, including the impact of the acquired Rite Aid stores and organic growth of 3.2%. Adjusted operating income was up 2.9%, reflecting the solid performance in Retail Pharmacy USA. Adjusted net earnings were up 8% and adjusted EPS increased by 17.1% to $6.02 per share. Our ongoing share repurchase program contributed approximately 5.5 percentage points of EPS growth. The full-year adjusted effective tax rate was 18.8%, 4.4 percentage points lower than prior year, primarily due to U.S. tax reform. Turning now to our fourth quarter highlights. Sales increased 10.9% and GAAP EPS more than doubled to $1.55, reflecting a lower effective tax rate and the gain on the sale of our interest in Premise Health in July of this year. On an adjusted constant currency basis, our key metrics increased versus prior year. Sales advanced 11.3%, reflecting the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores and organic growth of 4%. Adjusted operating income was up 0.3% and adjusted EPS increased 13% to $1.48 per share, primarily reflecting a lower tax rate and the benefit from share repurchases. Now lets look at the performance of our divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales were up 14.4% in the fourth quarter. Full-year sales advanced 12.7%, reflecting the acquired Rite Aid stores and organic sales growth of 3.4%. Adjusted gross profit was up 2.8% in the quarter and 5.2% for the year. The favorable impact of higher sales more than offset a lower gross margin. SG&A spend increased 3.7% in the quarter, entirely due to the acquired Rite Aid stores. Excluding Rite Aid, SG&A spend declined 7.6%, primarily due to an amendment to certain employee postretirement benefits and continued cost reductions. Excluding Rite Aid, full-year SG&A declined 1.5% versus prior year, mainly driven by strong cost discipline. The amendment of certain employee postretirement benefits had no impact on the full-year comparisons, as there was a similar amount in the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted SG&A was 17.1% of sales in the quarter, an improvement of 1.8 percentage points compared to the year ago quarter. On the same basis, adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has now improved for 21 consecutive quarters. Adjusted operating income increased 0.1% in the fourth quarter and 3.8% in the year. You will recall that we were lapping a very strong fourth quarter last year with double-digit growth in adjusted operating income. Our full-year adjusted operating margin was 6%, 0.5 percentage points lower than prior year, almost entirely due to the dilutive impact of the acquired Rite Aid stores and the Prime strategic partnership. On an organic basis, lower pharmacy gross margins were offset by strong control of SG&A and higher retail margins. Now lets move to pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales advanced 16.7% in the fourth quarter and 17.2% for the year, mainly reflecting Rite Aid and organic growth of 6.5%. Our central specialty business led the way and delivered full-year growth of 80%. Fourth quarter market share was 22.3%, up 180 basis points compared to last year. The number of retail prescriptions filled on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations increased by 11.8 % in the quarter and 10.6% in the year. Comps were up 1.3% in the quarter and 3.5% in the year, with the second-half growth rate impacted by the Medicare Part D network changes. Comparable pharmacy sales and prescriptions improved sequentially compared to the third quarter and included a benefit from the transfer of prescriptions from our Rite Aid stores. Pharmacy gross profit was slightly lower in the fourth quarter, entirely due to timing, and full-year gross profit increased mid single digits versus prior year. The fourth quarter gross margin reflected the continued shift to specialty, which accounted for around 190 basis points and reimbursement pressure, which was in part due to unfavorable timing. These factors were partially offset by procurement savings. Turning next to retail. Retail sales increased 8.3% in the quarter and 2.4% in the year, with the fourth quarter reflecting an increased sales contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Comp retail sales declined 1.9% in the quarter and 2.4% in the year. The fourth quarter comp improved sequentially compared to the third quarter decline of 3.8%. Full-year retail sales were held back by two factors. Firstly, promotional optimization had a negative impact of approximately 90 basis points. Secondly, we deemphasized cigarettes and seasonal products within our overall offering, and this led to a negative revenue impact of around 110 basis points. So in total, these two programs explain around 200 basis points of the full-year sales decline and both of these have enabled improved retail margins. We grew comp sales in both the health and wellness and beauty categories in the fourth quarter and for the year, benefiting from investments in our top stores. In fact, total retail sales in the beauty differentiation stores continue to outperform and resulted in an improved margin in these stores. Retail gross profit was higher in both the quarter and the year. Excluding Rite Aid, retail gross margin expanded 30 basis points in the quarter and an impressive 170 basis points in the fiscal year. Next, lets look at Retail Pharmacy International, which, as usual, is in constant currency. Sales decrease 2.7% in the quarter and 2.1% in the year. On an organic basis, sales decreased 1.5% in the quarter and 1.2% in the year. Comp pharmacy sales declined 3.4% in the quarter and 1.2% in the year, mainly due to lower UK prescription volume and continuing UK government reimbursement pressure. Comparable retail sales were down 0.9% in the quarter and 1.5% in the full-year, as we saw improvement towards the end of the year. Excluding the UK, comp retail sales were up 0.9% in the year and 1.1% in the quarter, with good growth in the Republic of Ireland and Thailand. Boots UK comp retail sales were down 1.4% in the quarter in a difficult retail market. While our beauty business declined in a changing category, we drove continued growth in our health and wellness and personal care businesses. We are taking actions to address our UK retail performance and well be investing in new store and digital content. More to follow on this in future quarters. Adjusted operating income declined 2.3% in the quarter. This was entirely due to lower revenue. Good cost management allowed us to hold our fourth quarter and full-year margins at the same level as last year. Turning now to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which well also discuss in constant currency. Fourth quarter sales increased 4.7%, with continued strong growth in emerging markets. Adjusted operating income increased 2.7% in the quarter, reflecting relatively lower generic procurement pressure and higher contribution from AmerisourceBergen. Before I move to cash flow, let me give you a quick update on Rite Aid. The integration of the Rite Aid stores is progressing well, and strong execution is leading to favorable results on prescription volume retention. The store optimization program is on track. And as of year-end, we have closed 458 stores in line with our plan. We aim to complete the store optimization program by the end of fiscal year 2019. Integration and rebranding are also progressing, with pilots underway. We are now anticipating a total benefit from store optimization and synergies of more than $650 million per annum, ahead of the $600 million we had originally forecast. And we expect our overall integration and store optimization costs to be in line with our original estimate of approximately $1.2 billion. Turning now to cash flow. Our cash generation was strong. Free cash flow for the year was up 16.9% to $6.9 billion, the highest level in the companys history, reflecting higher operating income and cash tax benefits. Cash taxes were lower in fiscal 2018, partly due to non-recurring benefits of approximately $450 million. We reduced working capital by $1.5 billion for the second year running. Around 25% of the reduction was as a result of the acquisition of the Rite Aid stores and good management of both receivables and inventory led to a reduction of our cash conversion cycle days. Lets turn now to our guidance for next year. We are projecting constant currency adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 12% in fiscal 2019. Our currency assumptions result in an adverse EPS impact of approximately $0.04. This leads to an adjusted EPS range of $6.40 to $6.70 in reported dollars, and we will tighten the range during the course of the year. Now, let me share some of the assumptions embedded in our guidance. We estimate that next years adjusted effective tax rate will be broadly in line with 2018. We project a tax rate of between 18% to 19%, depending on the level of discrete items in the year. We will be making select incremental investments of around $150 million in fiscal 2019, mainly in store wages, but also the fuel our new community healthcare initiatives. And you can view these in light of the favorable tax reforms in the U.S. In total, these investments represent a headwind of approximately $0.12 in the coming year, or 2 percentage points of EPS growth. In 2018, we returned $6.8 billion to shareholders, of which $5.2 billion was share repurchases. In 2019 and absent major M&A, we are planning share repurchases of around $3 billion under our current program. In addition, since WBAs inception, we have had a rigorous and continuous focus on cost reduction. Our guidance assumes significant strategic cost management programs and we will provide further updates over the coming quarters. In summary, we are projecting adjusted constant currency EPS growth of 7% to 12%, and this guidance includes incremental investments of $0.12, or 2 percentage points of growth. Thank you. And Ill now hand you over to Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James, and hello, everyone. As you have heard from both Stefano and James, its been a busy year. Before I come to some of the things we have just announced since the end of financial year, let me first give you a quick update on some of the initiatives within the U.S. business. Youve heard that the growth in the U.S. pharmacy sales has been robust. And given the pricing pressures in the market, it will come as no surprise to you that this growth has been fueled mainly through the healthy growth in prescription numbers. In the last year, we filled the highest number of prescriptions in Walgreens history. The shift in contract volumes do create an element of volatility from time to time, but the underlying trend in terms of prescription volumes and market share in the U.S. has been positive for a number of years now. And the fourth quarter reached 22.3% of the U.S. retail prescription market. We also announced the acquisition of Scripts from DaVita Rx and since the year-end, the pending acquisition of the prescription files from Freds, and both are expected to contribute positively to next years script numbers. James mentioned the higher than forecast retention rate weve been achieving on Rite Aid script transfers, which gives us a high degree of confidence in these acquisitions. We are very aware of these good retention rates are being achieved through the high service levels and customer-centric approach that our teams are demonstrating and bringing these new patients into our system. Turning to specialty. We opened further 12 community-based specialty pharmacies in the quarter and totaled 31 in the year, taking our total to 306 at the year-end, up over 10% on last year. We also announced the implementation of a new cloud-based pharmacy platform, the Inovalon ONE platform for AllianceRx that will improve the efficiency of the business and allow the team to directly enhance oversight and management of the work they do. We have continued to work on developing our online offering at Walgreens and driving the use of our app for patients who value online convenience as part of their daily healthcare regime. Our apps have now been downloaded around 53 million times and around 22.5% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels in the quarter, up 2.4 percentage points on the same quarter last year. As you know, weve been using our stores in Gainesville, Florida to try a number of different ideas and were continuing to cycle programs through these stores to assess customer reaction to the offerings and to validate their commercial viability. Weve always been clear that it will take time for these initiatives underway in Gainesville and elsewhere to be validated and potentially developed across our estate. However, we are beginning to look at implementing the concepts in our wider network. In recent months, weve expanded trials of Express pickup points for pharmacy and store, and well soon be expanding mobile self-checkouts beyond its current trial in Gainesville, allowing customers to scan merchandise and pay using an app in the store. In the quarter, we also saw the first store outside of Gainesville refitted with our new health offering, inspired by some of our concept work. This stores is close to our head office in Deerfield, Illinois, and weve characterized it as a neighborhood health destination store. Although were still developing this concept, Im really excited to see an enhanced healthcare offering beginning to be deployed in our U.S. stores. Also across the network, were working to complete the roll out of the FedEx offering, which is known around 7,700 stores, and weve expanded the trial with Sprint to additional 80 locations planned to be opened by the end of this year in Illinois and Texas. Theres now a real energy and drive-in the business to make a step change in enhancing the customer experience, starting in our leading stores but over time, flowing down to every store in the network. More recently, youve seen us announced an exciting new collaboration with Kroger to test the concept that brings together our pharmacy, health, beauty and personal care expertise with their extensive skills and resources in general retail and merchandising. Kroger scale and expertise, combined with our own, can potentially create a truly unique concept in the marketplace. Clearly, this is a very early-stage trial, but this is a type of initiative that could drive a step change in the transformation of our customer offer and our stores overall. Im very excited by both the concept and the flexible approach and fresh thinking this initiative demonstrates in the Walgreens team. The success of such initiatives does, however, also rely on Walgreens continuing to develop its own expertise and resources in its areas of specific expertise. The announcement of our collaboration with Birchbox to develop a store-in-store offering and provide integrated access to Birchbox online via walgreens.com under Walgreens app, clearly shows a drive to develop our beauty offering in the U.S. and internationally, alongside our pharmacy, healthcare and personal care offer. Finally in the U.S., to complement the work were doing to improve the pharmacy experience for our patients and enhance the healthcare offering in our stores, were expanding our partnership with LabCorp. Were planning to open, at least, 600 LabCorp patient data centers at Walgreens stores over the next four years, building on the 17 locations that opened since June 2017. So far, we have been delighted with the customer response to this partnership. Outside the U.S., Boots in the UK has faced a challenging year. Sebastian James, a seasoned specialist retailer, has joined us to head up Boots from 1st September. And hes already working with his team to take actions to address the opportunities of the UK business given the challenging market. I should also highlight, our agreement with Alibaba to bring our beauty brands to Chinese consumers through our flagship store on Alibaba Tmall Global platform. Weve had a long standing presence in China, and this is an exciting new step in building on that. It demonstrates that the growing digital environment, which is often characterized as a threat to traditional retail, we see as a great opportunity to work with forward-looking market leaders such as Alibaba. In summary, were extremely excited by the opportunities created by the partnership weve announced recently, LabCorp, Birchbox, Kroger and Alibaba, which are all great examples of our partnership strategies. Im going to hand you back to Stefano for some closing comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you. As you can see from our results, our businesses have mostly done a good job of growing or at least holding their own in a tough year in many of our markets. As a company, we have improved year-on-year on our headline financial measures. We have, as usual, built on the respectable operating performance with further scale and financial efficiencies to maximize returns for our shareholder, while investing, as appropriate, for future growth. We have continued to improve the operational performance of our core businesses. And at the same time, we have done a great deal to advance the overall transformation of our company. You have heard that were expanding our initiatives and partnerships, and there are a lot more to come. This work supports our focus on driving our business forward in three key areas. First, were developing our omnichannel capabilities across pharmacy and retail to revolutionaize the customer experience. Weve been producing a leading-edge thinking and infrastructure, as we move much of our business into the digital space. This will bring us closer to our customers in their daily lives beyond the physical presence of our stores. It will allow us to focus on our customers more closely and more individually than we have ever done before. As we look forward, I believe this is easily one of the biggest transformations our business has ever seen. How we do this and the partners we choose to work with will have a major influence on the future shape of our company. It is of such importance that Im leading it personally. Second, its essential that we transform our retail business to create a modern retail offering that builds on our convenient locations and differentiates our stores in a crowded market. Most importantly, we must do this at a value proposition that is attractive to our customer and competitive against other comparable retailer. Third, we intend to transform our pharmacies worldwide, expanding from our pure pharmacy focus to create healthcare destinations. Building on the current trusted role of the pharmacies, we will offer a wide range of health and well-being services supported with a strong and in many cases, unique, health, beauty and personal care retail offering. Were actively working to make our company the first choice in this sector for customers and partners alike. These partnerships bring us additional scale, knowledge, experience and resources beyond anything we could build by ourselves in areas that are very important for our future and they do so quickly. Partnerships also create an agile, open and collaborative mindset that is vital for our growth as we look to the future. They enable us to quickly align our products, services and people to the needs of a rapidly changing and integrated omnichannel marketplace to meet the demands of a more dynamic and demanding customer base. Of course, while we undergo the transformation, we must also continue to deliver good financial performance from our existing businesses, protect the strong market position we have today and meet the needs and expectations of our stakeholders. Our commitment is clear. We will return a capital to our shareholders when we do not have the opportunity to deploy it in the near-term for accretive value creation. Our guidance for fiscal 2019 shows that we expect further robust growth in the year-end. And we will continue to deploy our strong cash flow for the benefit of the business and our shareholders. Im confident in our company. Im excited by the work we are doing to transform our businesses, and Im looking forward with enthusiasm to the year ahead. Thank you. Now, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: Hey, good morning, guys. Just the first question on the guidance. So as we think about, obviously, the EPS growth is being driven largely by the buybacks. But how are you thinking about EBIT growth on an organic basis if we consider Freds and Rite Aid as acquisitions, or I guess, how are you thinking about top line growth as well in terms of your ability to grow same-store and the front end of the store in the pharmacy in the U.S.?
James Kehoe: Yes. Hi, James here. Hi Brian.
Brian Tanquilut: Hi, James.
James Kehoe: I think, as you dissect the guidance, Im inclined to take it from an EPS basis, but the only forward guidance were giving. So 7% is  approximately 5.5% is coming from, Im sure repurchases. So I think, even at the low-end of the guidance, were looking for a core business growth of 1.5%. And we did call out quite significant investments in our stores of $150 million, thats about two points of growth. So were saying the low-end is 3.5 percentage point ex-buybacks and the high-end is 8.5%, and we think thats a strong statement of confidence in the future. I think, as you look forward from next year, I think, Q1 will probably have similar trends to Q4, actually the average of this year. And then as we go further into the year, were going to see a distinct improvement in the gross margin trends as we move into the second-half. So we have actually pretty good visibility on gross margin. We have a strong pipeline, we have investments, but we have strong pipeline of cost as well. And maybe, I will ask Alex to give you some perspective on the visibility on file buys and Rite Aid. The one thing I would say about Rite Aid is, if there are synergies next year, but were actually also incurring a significant increase in interest cost, so factor that into your model. So the contribution year-on-year is relatively marginal from Rite Aid. So maybe Ill ask Alex to give us some perspective on how we think about the revenue line.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, James. Good morning, Brian. Yes, I think
Brian Tanquilut: Good morning.
Alex Gourlay: revenue lines, weve seen first of all, a slight improvement in both underlying items growth and retail sales in the quarter. And we expect that improvement to continue into next year. As James pointed out in his prepared remarks, for example, around about 90 basis points of the sales impact this year was promotional programs, which have now cycled out to the year as one example of the ongoing improvement. And were encouraged by our investments in the larger, more  larger stores and also by  in health and beauty as we continue to see a good return in sales and margin from these investments. On the pharmacy side, well cycle through the Med D networks from January 1. We expect to grow at the market next year. We know these contracts pretty well. And therefore, that is the fastest growing area of pharmacy underlying in the business, maybe the Rite Aid. Were encouraged by the retention, as we said in the prepared remarks of the scripts were now transferring from Rite Aid to Walgreens stores. They are higher than youve seen historically, and the team have done a really good job to drive that up, and we expect that to be sustained and the file buys are important. Its important we continue to add customers into our stores from other pharmacies who are willing to sell their contracts at reasonable price. So all of these factors lead us to believe the underlying growth will be solid and well continue to see progress through the year.
Brian Tanquilut: Just a quick follow-up for me. Alex. As I think about the $15 Amazon minimum wage increase, how are you thinking about that in terms of how it impacts your ability to hire and retain employees?
Alex Gourlay: Well, weve announced already the investment of $150 million as  in James prepared remarks, which is primarily going into store labor. And we remain confident with the offer we have at local level and the way that we treat our people in stores, look after them in different ways that we will remain a very, very competitive employer. And dont also remember the fact that Amazon today primarily recruits people who walk in warehouses, and therefore, that is quite different in terms of market rates. So those who primarily walk in retail shops.
Brian Tanquilut: All right, got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great. Yes, thanks for the question. I guess, just taking your comments, James, on the 3.5% to 8.5% EPS growth, excluding the buyback. It seems like interest expense and tax, kind of offset each other for next year. So I guess, I was hoping maybe you could just give a little bit more context around a contribution youre expecting relative to guidance from continued impressive SG&A control versus kind of core gross profit growth?
James Kehoe: Yes. I think the  I think, its an ongoing challenge, the gross margin we have. Its an industry with reimbursement pressure. And we have three valves for that for offsetting the pressure and its been quite successful over the last three years since the company was formed. Id point that the average EPS growth was 16% over the last three years, last year was 17% constant currency, 18% reported. So the model is there. And some quarters will be messy and other quarters will be much better. So the way we look forward is, we have first of all, volume. Its a scale business. So the more prescriptions we put into our stores, the more we can offset any kind of reimbursement pressure. And honestly, the better the partner we are for all of the payers, which makes us just a more valuable commodity and less pressure. The second one is how we purchase generics and the significant benefits weve gotten over multiple years. These are tailing off a little bit, but to compensate that, we will be significantly scaling up the SG&A efforts. And even on SG&A, theres a track record 21 consecutive quarters of percentage reduction in SG&A. I actually think we can do better than that. I think we can start making better inroads on an absolute basis as well. So we actually look forward quite encouraged that, whereas procurement goes down, we see the lever on back office optimization in general. I come from consumer goods, which is very ZBB oriented. So we will become a very lean and cost-efficient company, and thats whats required when youve got reimbursement pressure. So were extremely cognizant, and Im very focused on the overhead side as Alex has been in the past. And I dont know, Alex, do you want to add anything to that.
Alex Gourlay: I think James said it really well. And I think the one thing Ill just remind you of is, were also investing in technology. So we are replatforming both our retail supply chain, as well as our pharmacy supply chain, and we expect that investment will again give us opportunities for really simplifying the business in the future and give us data points and processes weve never had in the past before. So we remain focused and confident that we can continue to take SG&A cost out of the business and important to improve the customer experience in our pharmacies and online.
James Kehoe: Yes. Just maybe to add one thing. I mentioned in the guidance section, Q1 margins and gross margin will be probably similar to the trend in the latter part of 2018. Well, actually, we do see a significant improvement in the last three quarters and an improving trend, mainly because of the items we said, the procurement valve, the scripts in the store. And where we  our numbers have been very, very messy this year, because weve had this FEP contract in the specialties. So our business is growing 80% in the quarter and just the mix because of lower-margin is driving 170 basis points of gross margin slippage. But actually, if you peel back, take out the FEP and take out some timing differences on reimbursement in the quarter, actually, there wasnt that much change in the gross margin. So its a headline problem and its an explanation problem. But the  once we lap FEP in Q2 of next year, the gross margins start looking more  they could more flatter in terms of trend, and still were going to start pushing up the SG&A engine much, much harder. So I just wanted to recognize that. Yes.
Robert Jones: Great. That was actually my follow-up, James. So Ill stop there. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Good morning. First, let me start with the gag order thats being lifted on the pharmacists speaking to the individuals. Can you talk about the impact that, that will have on your pharmacy? Is that a positive for Walgreens, or is that a potential headwind?
Alex Gourlay: Lisa, overall, it will have no impact. Our pharmacists have been allowed, encouraged to talk, to be honest, to make it  the cost as low as possible for the patients in every occasion. So this will have no impact. And obviously, we welcome that, of course, its a big step forward.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then second, when we think about the LabCorp partnership, Alex, is there any metrics you can give us around what youve seen thus far? I know its only 17 stores. But as we think about that future relationship, whether its incremental buying when people come in, perhaps a correlation between giving a lab requisite and picking up a prescription, is there any data points that we can think about as we think about that relationship over the next several years?
Alex Gourlay: Lisa, again, obviously this year, I cant. But I can give you the big one this morning, which is you can imagine the team in LabCorp would not have agreed to expand by 600 stores not with Walgreens Boots Alliance had we not seen results that were very pleased with. And this is a platform, think of this as a platform for the industry and a platform for patients in terms of convenience. So whether we can expand on helping customers take better care of their own health by getting information quicker in a convenient form from their pharmacy and LabCorp or was this about advancing medicine to the work they do with the manufacturers in clinical trials, et cetera, or whether this is about creating better health outcomes because of the convenience and the data, but just these are all things that we are looking to do with our partners in the future. And thats why we also had a memorandum of understanding in place as well to develop the business further. So were really excited by this partnership. We think its great for the industry. We think its great for patients, and the economics are good enough. So thats where we are with that one.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then just lastly, James, the conversation keeps coming back to the underlying organic growth, and I appreciate all of your previous comments to this. But as we think about the core business of Walgreens in the U.S., how do you think about that core underlying growth? So strip away Freds, strip away all the things that are kind of one-time, what are your thoughts around how you see that business growing just in the face of reimbursement and other issues? Just really want to understand what the baseline is that you think about this over the next several years?
James Kehoe: Yes. Ill just give you my thoughts, and then Ill ask Alex to maybe add onto this. I think if you look at the full-year, our adjusted operating income growth on the corporation was 2.9% and the U.S. business over 3%. And for a business that size in a complicated industry with a lot of pressure on reimbursement, thats pretty solid results. So  and the starting base is pretty strong here. So I think as you look forward, weve got Rite Aid for an additional couple of periods next year. We got some new file buys coming in. We got a lot of operational excellence, and I dont want to discount all of these partnerships and the benefit theyre going to bring generally in terms of a halo and our importance in general in the industry. So thats where we play up. Its more a three-year horizon. And then in the short term, youve got reimbursement pressure, and I dont want to start guiding to the pressures. But effectively last year, we offset about 70% of the pressure through generally procurement and others such as procurement activities. So whats left to offset is about 30% through overhead management. And I think, youve seen enough data points, and Im repeating a little bit what I said at the start. I think, youve seen enough data points to show that neither of these tools is new to the company. I just see coming in with a fresh set of eyes. I look at things a little bit differently, and Ive toured many countries. I actually see that we could be a little bit more aggressive on the SG&A and procurement in general. I think, weve got good skill sets, but I think are they at world-class levels? No, theyre not. So I think the job that management has to do is make all of these world-class quickly. And thats why Im actually feeling quite good about the main business. Its not an easy business, dont get me wrong, because of the reimbursement. But I think the tool box we have is quite well-developed and we can scale it up even more. I dont know, Alex.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, Lisa, I think, the core driver for the underlying base business is prescriptions, as you know. And even this year, where weve had going from preferred to non-preferred for the Aetna book of business in one single year. Weve been able to grow overall 3.5% items worth through the whole year, and youve seen a sequential improvement of 1.3% in this quarter. So even in what was a more difficult year for the underlying business, weve been able to grow at or beyond the market underlying. And on top of that, theres a lot of that dislocation in the market. Theres a lot of businesses who are looking to move away from pharmacy and were able to pick up the file transfers youve seen from different companies. So we think that the core business is strong in the way that James has described. The volume is strong. We think weve done a good job in the front-end in terms of shifting the emphasis to become more of a health, beauty, wellness expert. And theres a lot more to go, and it may be taking us longer than we had first anticipated. But the signs are very clear, where were heading to and the transition is well underway. And in the U.S., thats the core of the business along with SG&A. Thats the core of the business. So I think, we believe the core is strong. The market is challenging, but were very well-equipped to deal with it.
James Kehoe: And Alex mentioned it a little bit earlier, dont underestimate the positive impact on operational excellence from new systems investments, and were spending significant amounts of money in the U.S. business, both on the financial systems, store systems, stock availability. Its just an enormous amount of positive momentum that will be brought online in the next couple of years, and this will all produce effectiveness in store and actually in the back office as well. So its a multi-year cycle unfortunately, and we have to go through it. But two years from now, it will be a very different animal in terms of the ability to execute.
Stefano Pessina: Lisa, Stefano, Lisa. For years, we have been told, "Is your model sustainable? Will you be able to reduce cost for ever? Will you be able to buy better forever? And you see year-after-year, we are very, very delivering. Look at what we have done since the first day that we are here. We have always given guidance. You can judge by yourselves whether our guidance were correct or not and where we ended up. At the end, we see guidance. So Id say that we continue to deliver what we promise. And if we tell you that we believe that theres still a long way to go in our  for our costs for our buying power. Well, at the end we have demonstrated that when we promise something, we do it so.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. To start big picture, this quarter we saw the introduction of a authorized generic strategy at Gilead. And Id be interested to hear your thoughts on how expansion of such a strategy might impact pharmacy and the opportunity with a generic and, of course, a little more limited with an authorized generic? How do you think about that?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Eric, its Alex here. Yes, I think, again, we are very open to anything that reduces the cost for the customer and provides access to care and very important molecules, because we are absolutely focused on the customer and what the customer wants. So we think overall, this is a good move for the industry. Economically, its a small impact on us and one that we can absolutely manage going forward. And I think, it will be interesting to see what happens with other molecules of similar types. So this is the move to these generics has been happening in the U.S., as you know, for years and years and years. The penetration of generics overall is about 90%, and I think overall and its just a further example of our trend. So its good news for the customer. I believe its good news for Walgreens pharmacy overall, and well remain very competitive as it shifts in the marketplace.
Eric Percher: Okay. And then for James, I appreciate the commentary so far. Your comment on the first quarter was helpful. And maybe why I would ask is, with respect to gross margin, as you look at the headwinds you felt over the course of the year and gross margin this quarter was lower than we expected. Whats your take on how those have built? And I know that FEP played a large role and therefore, where that sets up in terms of the quarterly progression for next year?
James Kehoe: Yes. The only one I would  the most significant one and significant one is about 170 basis points as a result of specialty, and it was somewhat higher in Q4 and the earlier part of the year was around 150 basis point. So not a big deal. So talking about 170, it will repeat in Q1 and then it will tail off in the rest of the year. So if you build out your projections, the business will continue to grow really quickly. But the actual margin impact in Q2, Q3, Q4 just tails off, because were lapping the big FEP contract. So thats the primary one in gross margin. I think, you wont go wrong if you just adjust for that one. And if you look at, I mentioned before in the comments, if you look at  you plot reimbursement at whatever your estimate is and you assume the majority of it is offset either through procurement of generics or on the SG&A side. So thats kind of like the model as you might want to work through the quarters. Just in general, our business is not that seasonal. So we have  we estimate well have something like between 49% and 50% of the years in the first-half, and then somewhere around 21%, 22% is in Q1, and its always kind of like that. If you go back over three years, its got  its relatively predictable. So you wont go too far wrong. If you look back on 2018 or 2017 and plot it out, youll get a good indication for the phasing. Now, individual quarters will be lumpy and Q3 was a  Q4 was a lumpy quarter. We had phasing impacts on reimbursement contracts, which are enormously difficult to predict. And that, that gives you a 30 basis point impact in the quarter. It wont repeat. So I think that weve given enough insights, probably a lot more than the past in terms of how to think about next year. So I really dont want to go any further than that.
Eric Percher: Okay. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes. Theres only one commentary. Weve lost a little bit is the 13% in Q4, you should look at it and the AOI growth, which was a little on the weakest side lower than the full-year trend. The Q4 of prior year, we grew adjusted operating income by 22%. So were lapping a really tough quarter. And as you think about what was the quality of the quarter, bear in mind that you do a three-year stack on this. And then you might come to a different impression on the quarter, which we think was stronger than maybe the headline would suggest.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from George Hill from RBC. Your line is open.
George Hill: Yes, good morning, James, and good morning, everybody. And we definitely appreciate all the color. I guess, thinking about the quarter and the go-forward guide, both in talking about the U.S. business at the AGP line and at, I guess, were calling it, the AOI line now. I guess, how do we think about the dollar growth and the margin impact? Because it seems like we saw, at the gross  adjusted gross profit line, like a big step down either in the contribution from Rite Aid or erosion in the core. And I guess what Im trying to figure out is, how much of the negative impact would we think of as one-time versus how much is mix, because you talked about the change to the reimbursement contracts? And then maybe, to the degree to which you can comment on the visibility as we go through the back three quarters of next year, it sounds like were calling for  were not calling for gross margin expansion, but just a much slower rate of erosion. Is that  am I  I want to make sure Im hearing things correctly.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, its Alex here. Yes, I think James explained it really well. So just repeat very briefly what James has said. The FEP contract was 190 basis points more or less of the impact, and that will be going by January 1, which is halfway through our second quarter. Weve also mentioned that we have some timing issues in the quarter. This quarter that was lumpy in their own way, because some of the contracts paid us differently to what would they did the previous year. And I think James you mentioned that was about 30 basis points. And then I always say that reimbursement pressure going forward is a bit normal. I dont think its either was so better than what were seeing on our visual the last three or four years. And I remember, we have got good visibility into Med D at this time of the year, which is the annual contracts and, of course, the commercial contracts are longer by nature. And I think also  I mean as already  so I think that also in terms of the front-end, as James has said, we saw 190 basis points improvement in the front-end margin in the full-year this year, and we continue to invest in our strategy. So, some of that was the 90 basis points of, Ill say, a one-off effect of stabilizing our promotional programs. We were overinvesting we believe in using new tools and techniques to make sure that we got adequate return, but the rest of that is really a shift in mix and focus in the business. So we expect to see ongoing improvement in the front-end margin. So I dont know if that helps in anyway shape or form, but thats just some additional color to what James has said already.
George Hill: No, it does help square it all. And then, James, I guess, a real quick follow-up is the guidance for 18% to 19% tax rate would actually imply that tax is a headwind for fiscal 2019 as opposed a tailwind?
James Kehoe: No, we actually  if I was to guide that, I think I would say flat and this kind of interesting that the tax rate reform benefit of 2.5  its roughly 2.5 percentage points, is offset by the other elements of tax reform that people dont talk about, which is the GILTI tax and there is a repeal of Section 199 relief and that 2.5 is offset by 1.6 points of the negative impacts of tax reform. So tax reform is probably a net 1 percentage point. And then we have discrete items in the base year, thats favorable tax judgments other stuffed in 2018 that right now, we project wont repeat next year. And thats why we made the comment, its a range of 2018 to 2019. In reality, its flat because, discrete and the not-talked about parts of tax reform will offset the rate improvement, because bear in mind, we still have one favorable quarter left of favorable rates and thats roughly 2.5 points. And as I said, I will repeat 1.6 points are GILTI tax on Section 199 relief. So were kind of thinking of it as basically flat right now.
Stefano Pessina: But you see, you have to remember that the tax reform has been mildly favorable for us, because we were very tax-efficient and as many international group of companies. Of course, we had a mixed rate or tax rate. And, of course, so when the reform came in, there were positive effects in the U.S. and negative effect on everything that was outside the U.S. So, of course, overall, it has been positive, but not as much as we could hope and not as much as other companies mainly based in the U.S. have enjoyed.
James Kehoe: And bear in mind, the taxes based on current guidance  sorry, current regulations and our interpretation of them. The treasury department hasnt finalized all of the regulations yet. So in Q1, when it gets clearer, well give a further update on where we see tax evolving to.
George Hill: Okay. I appreciate the call. Thank you.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from Ross Muken from Evercore. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Hi, good morning, guys. So maybe just on sort of the PBM/reimbursement front, obviously, a number of mergers closing in the upcoming weeks. I guess, how are you thinking about sort of your positioning with the very players given, what those entities will look like and sort of how, maybe others may come to you given some of the natural conflicts in those businesses and just ultimately have to think through, whether that is a net positive or negative relative to either rate pressure or incremental kind of channel opportunity?
Stefano Pessina: Lets say that time will tell whether it will be net positive or net negative. We are quite positive on that. We believe that our position should improve. We believe that the network of partnerships that we are creating and we have just announced some of them will help us to improve overall our positions and to improve our profit. But the market is, lets say, quite open and quite excited now. And as you know, we have never excluded any M&A activity. We have just said that we are open to any kind of M&A provided, provided that it is really value creating for our shareholders. So we will see how the market evolves. For the time being, you have to see that what we can perceive today, its more favorable than negative. But we are, lets say, very, very aware of these, lets say, volatility of these effervescence of the market, and we are very willing to take advantage of any opportunities that we could have.
Ross Muken: And maybe just on the SG&A side, I mean, obviously, it was a really strong performance in the quarter. But it sounds like, I think, you called out there was sort of a pension benefit give or take, and then it look like there were some legal reversals or accrual reversals. I guess, just help us think about sort of the sequential cadence there, because I want to make sure, at least, in terms of the Q1 numbers folks kind of have the right base. I guess how should we think of kind of the underlying, Im thinking more in the North American business SG&A base relative to the fourth quarter compared to those call outs? And then how do we think about the phasing in of that sort of $150 million of incremental investment?
James Kehoe: Okay, Ill take shot and Alex can help me out later. So I would say that youre right. I think, the biggest item I would be concerned about or adjust in your model is the 110 in the quarter. So that was this curtailment benefit. I do want to point out on that we had a similar one last year in the third quarter. So on a full year basis, it doesnt really change the achievements, right? So thats really important. So it has  it does impact the run rate. So we were at a 17.1% SG&A number in Q4. I would not plot that one forward, because its a little lower due to the 110 pickup in the quarter. So  but I dont want to start giving guidance on SG&A. So I would add back something and maybe project out, but we will have cost reductions. But I would describe the 17.1% as unusually low, and it wouldnt be correct to project that forward. It would be somewhat higher.
Stefano Pessina: But again, you dont have to look at the business or judge the business on a single quarter. A quarter, by definition, are volatile. So in reality, we should judge a business and look at the business at least on a yearly basis and try to understand what is the trend year-over-year. And in this case, you have heard that on a yearly basis, part of these elements  one-off elements are practically neutral.
Alex Gourlay: And also, as an operator, I can tell you having a good starting position in Q1 from a cost profile is a good place to start from and so we have. So as we manage the business, the team here led by Richard Ashworth and the operational team have done a great job to get to this position. So as we look forward, our starting position on SG&A is a good position to start from 2019 from a trend point of view.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for todays conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Gerald Gradwell for any closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Crystal, and thank you, everybody, for participating in our call. I know there were a number of you that had questions that we didnt get to, but we do have to break the call up now. So the IR team are here on our usual numbers and contacts for any further questions that you have later on during the day. Thank you very much, indeed, and well speak to you again in a quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-06-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc., Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 2018 third quarter earnings call. As usual, I'm here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. And this quarter, for the first time, we would like to welcome James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer, who joined us at the beginning of the month. Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will take you through the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You'll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I'll now hand you over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Hello, everyone. I must start today by welcoming James as our new Global Chief Financial Officer, a role for which he is perfectly qualified, and say how much I am looking forward to working with him. I would also like to thank George Fairweather, who is here with us today. Despite stepping down as CFO, he will remain with us working, albeit fewer hours, on business and corporate development projects. George has made a huge contribution to the Company over now 16 years, and it has been a pleasure to work closely with him through many great adventures and challenges. George has worked tirelessly for the Company and has delivered true value for shareholders. It is characteristic of George that when he wished to stand down as the CFO, he brought his usual diligence to helping find an extremely well-qualified successor and went out of his way to plan an extensive handover. But as I say, George is still very much with us both in body and spirit. And so while I am delighted to welcome James and look forward to his contribution in the coming year, I thank George for his work to date and look forward to his continuing contribution as well after he has been allowed a short vacation. So we are three quarters of the way through the year, and we are here reporting a respectable overall performance. It has been a quarter of continuing hard work toward putting in place the elements of our strategy to grow our presence and maintain our relevance in the valued markets that we serve. We have made solid progress against our strategic goals. It has only been a matter of weeks since we hosted our public webcast Sell-Side Event. So today, I will only cover a few key highlights. We have taken further steps in our work to announce the relevance of our stores here in the U.S. as true community hubs with an attractive range of services and products. As you know, the development of our health care services within our stores is a priority for us, and we are continuing to make good progress, identifying strategic partnership that offer a balance and high-quality range of services to our store. We have announced the ties [ph] with Humana in the Kansas City area to bring full primary care clinics into our stores for the first time to complement the nurse practitioners and urgent care clinics that we have been working with and evaluating to date. Given the profile of Humana's patient population, these new clinics are intended to be heavily focused on supporting those who will benefit most from readily available community-based care and are an excellent fit to our existing services. We are also continuing to look for ways to further enhance our retail offering in store by enhancing and focusing our merchandising and services as well as improving our procurement and customer insights in convenience retailing. Our strategic partnership with FedEx is continuing to grow and strengthen, and we are now rolling it out across the acquired Rite Aid stores. Internationally, in China, we have completed the sale of a percentage of our holding in Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Company and shortly expect to receive the final approval for it. And of course, we are continuing the work to upgrade our systems and processes. This will not only keep us up-to-date, but will also create a platform for further development. We expect these to drive our efficiency and understanding of our business markets as well as the overall customer experience. Indeed, as is our way, we are once again looking at how potential partnership could allow us to build on the work we have been doing internally. We are also looking how working in partnership could give us the potential to engage with leaders in technology to help us review everything, how we deliver a true omni-channel experience for our customers, and how in an ever-changing world, we remain at the core of their daily lives. So we have made solid progress in this quarter, and I am convinced that all the work we are doing today will deliver benefits in the future. Of more immediate relevance is the significant share buyback authority we have announced today, $10 billion coupled with a 10% increase in our dividend. While our top priority for deployment of cash is value enhancing corporate development investments, the open-end duration of the share buyback program provides us with the flexibility to return cash to the shareholders. This is a sign of our confidence in the continued performance of our Company. It reflects that we are confident we will continue to generate strong cash flows and that this cash flow will give us the flexibility to deliver on our strategic investment aims while returning excess cash to shareholders. Before James goes through the key quarterly numbers, Alex will take you through some of the things that we are doing today. Alex?
Alexander Gourlay: Thank you, Stefano. Not just for introduction, but actually for the very good summary of where we are here in the U.S. As we explained at our webcast Sell-Side Analyst Event, we have made a lot of progress behind the scenes with financial efficiency, structural changes, and efficiencies at the central and operational level, and of course in both supply chain and procurement benefits. We have continuous work and theres still a lot we can achieve in all of these areas. It is a non-stop process as every improvement, however small often leads to another one. As you know, we've been improving both the capture and use of data on our businesses and our customers shopping habits and preferences. We're now in a strong position to start thinking about the types of services and retail offerings we want to have in our stores. Our action to reprice pharmacy over the past few years was a key part of this. Our work showed, we were not pricing competitively to the market and did not have enough regular volume going through our pharmacies to optimize our in-store economics. As a result, we did the math, we spoke to your peer partners and we addressed the situation. While we still have more to do, we're making good progress as we have seen our market share continue to grow. Since the formation of Walgreens Boots Alliance, our market share has grown by more than 300 basis points. Similarly, all insight validated what we've had anecdotally that our pricing for convenience retail need to be more competitive, in part because we have not moved with the market and in part because of changing consumer expectations. We have come up with a new environment to test some of our ideas in a geographical area where we can try them out without interfering with other stores in the network and the trials been impacted by other stores. Of course, we now have a test base setup for those areas we need to study in a degree of isolation. But this does not necessarily mean we're going to test all concepts in this area. We're continuing to trial concepts across America and will over time what to validate what products price ratios work, what is right in terms of the ideal number and mix of SKUs and the different blend of elements we can put in our stores. This is important and not only improves our customer offerings in retail, but also identifies how and where we can free up space to deploy the range of services we aim to provide in our stores. In the quarter, LabCorp opened a number of clinics in our Gainesville stores as part of the extension of the trials we have been running with LabCorp in the last months. These clinics have performed well. As this relationship continues to prove advantageous for both partners, we are looking how we can expand the service further and faster throughout our network. Also, coming out of the work in Gainesville is the early success of the trial weve been undertaking with Sprint. This offers their services with their own expert staff alongside our customer service associates. Despite the comparatively limited timing and nature of this trial, it is proving very promising. And we are already discussing the potential to expand the trial beyond Gainesville. As Stefano said, our partnership with FedEx continues to grow from strength to strength. Volume to the stores have continued to increase steadily, and we now have a FedEx offering in the majority of our portfolio. New high-profile customers have signed up to the FedEx holed at Walgreens service as already proving increasingly popular with many customers. Stefano also mentioned the new strategic partnership with Humana to trial full primary care clinics in our stores to complement the drop-in and urgent care clinics already available. These clinics will accept the majority of Medicare Advantage insurance plans. If we and Humana decide to expand this trial and roll out these clinics to a wider state, it would bring us additional benefits of broadening the access of primary care through our stores to a wider population of customers. Humana's customer base is heavily skewed towards Medicare patients, a group we serve extensively. These patients are less likely to access the other types of clinics that we have in our network, which are primarily cash-paying. Elsewhere, it has been business as usual for us, but good business given the markets and stage we are at in the year. While it's hardly new news, we also made further good progress with the integration of the acquired Rite Aid stores. Clearly, our numbers this quarter reflect the contribution from these stores. The work to properly integrate them into the network is progressing well, and we have already begun to trial a number of conversions to the Walgreens format. As at the end of last week, we have closed 131 stores under our store optimization program, successfully retaining customers to plan and transferring their pharmacy files to our stores nearby. We have continued to make progress with the updates in our core systems and processes. In pharmacy, we'll continue to grow overall script numbers, despite the Medicare Part D network changes that you are already aware of. The Medicare Part D selling season for 2019 is just finished. And despite the current dynamic nature of this market, we are feeling positive about our prospects. Additionally, our script numbers with this state by a year-on-year contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Our current work on digital is also continued to be well received. Our app has now been downloaded around 52 million times. And in the third quarter, around 22% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels, up over 2 percentage points versus the comparable quarter last year. We've also recently launched Find Care Now, a digital navigator for health services under Walgreens mobile app and walgreens.com. Find Care Now guides customers to the most convenient, cost-effective and relevant health care options in their local area provided by Walgreens and our health care partners. And as I've said, the work in-stores both identifying new services and initiatives and on updating our retail and furthering the development of our future offerings keeps driving on. Underlying all of this work is a move to update and modernize some of our basic operating models to renew the focus on the customer and promote a customer-centric approach to everything we do. This clarity of focus can bring us many benefits far beyond the improved relationship with our customers and the improvement in economic performance that typically offers. They allow us to streamline the running of our stores and the supply chain and form the structure within which we can integrate all aspects of customer contact to provide a truly omni-channel experience. It also allows us more direct management and agile decision-making and revitalizes our culture that will benefit our customers, employees and suppliers, while creating a strong yet responsive platform for future development. So it has been a quarter of simply continuing the hard work to deliver the efficiency, growth and evolution of our business through initiatives that can all be linked back in some way to one or more of our core strategic principles as we've heard Stefano described so often before: to drive growth and consolidate volumes through organic growth, partnerships or acquisition; to control costs, optimizing financial efficiency and leveraging our financial strength; to differentiate ourselves where we can through value, quality of service, exclusivity or innovation are all in the brands form another strong points of differentiation; to build a portfolio of complementary businesses across a broad geography; to provide protection from the unique cycles in any one area and to reinvest on both organic and external growth and foster portfolio opportunities to give us multiple levers for growth. And now I'd like to welcome James to our Company, and he will update you on the numbers.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano and Alex. And I'm delighted to be here today. We are pleased with our overall progress this quarter. The results were broadly in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect to have a solid year. Today, we raised the lower end of our fiscal 2018 guidance, and we now expect adjusted diluted net EPS growth of 16% to 19%. Turning now to the quarterly results. On a reported basis, our key profit metrics were up in the quarter. Sales advanced 14%, including the impact of the acquired Rite Aid stores. Adjusted operating income was up 1.7%, and adjusted diluted net earnings increased 5.6%. Importantly, adjusted diluted net earnings per share increased 15% to $1.53 per share. This strong growth benefited from last year's share repurchase program, a lower tax rate and growth in adjusted operating income. GAAP diluted net earnings per share increased 26.2%. The key differences between GAAP and adjusted EPS are the cost-transformation program in the comparable quarter last year and a downward revision in our transition tax accrual. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.7%. This was 2.4 percentage points lower than the same quarter last year due to the impact of U.S. tax law changes. Turning now to our results for the first nine months of fiscal 2018. Here, again, our key profit metrics were up, sales advanced to 11.4%, adjusted operating net income growth was 4.6%, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share increased by a strong 19.8% to $4.54 per share. Let me now turn to Retail Pharmacy USA. Total sales and adjusted gross profit increased versus the comparable quarter last year with sales and adjusted gross profit growth in both pharmacy and retail. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $25.9 billion, up 15% over the year ago quarter, mainly due to the acquired Rite Aid stores and central specialty, comparable store sales decreased by 1.2%, entirely due to retail. Adjusted gross profit was $6.1 billion, up 7.7% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting growth in both pharmacy and retail and benefiting from the contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Adjusted SG&A was 17.8% of sales, an improvement of 0.9 percentage points compared to the year-ago quarter. On the same basis, adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has improved for 20 consecutive quarters. This resulted in adjusted operating income increasing by 2% to $1.5 billion. As you review the numbers, please bear in mind the following factors: First, these results include the acquired Rite Aid stores for almost two months, and these stores have a higher cost mix. Second, we are incurring an additional cost due to the Rite Aid transition services agreement. This means that we do not expect our fiscal 2018 adjusted EPS to be significantly impacted by Rite Aid. And finally, our adjusted operating income growth was held back by a $109 million curtailment gain in the prior year relating to an amendment to postretirement benefits. Now lets look in more detail at pharmacy, where we have continued to make good progress. Total pharmacy sales were up significantly, increasing 19.3%. This was primarily due to higher prescription volume from the acquired Rite Aid stores and central specialty. Excluding Rite Aid and Prime contributions, the business is growing nicely at mid-single digits, led by specialty. On a comparable basis, pharmacy sales were in line with the year-ago quarter, with brand inflation offset by reimbursement pressure and the impact of generics. The number of retail prescriptions filled on a 30-day adjusted basis including immunizations, increased by 11.8%, and our third quarter market share increased to 22.4%, up 190 basis points compared to last year. On a comparable basis, prescriptions filled were in line with the year-ago quarter. The positive impact of our strategic pharmacy partnerships was offset by the Medicare Part D network changes. As in the first two quarters, we delivered higher pharmacy gross profit. This was achieved despite ongoing reimbursement pressure and a higher proportion of specialty, which this quarter adversely impacted pharmacy gross margin by about 180 basis points. As Alex mentioned, we are feeling positive about the Medicare Part D selling season for 2019 and we also expect to see an increased year-on-year contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. We would expect these factors to be reflected in our prescription numbers. Turning next to retail, retail sales increased 5.2%, reflecting the sales contribution from the acquired Rite Aid stores. Comparable retail sales declined 3.8% as we continue to focus on delivering improved margins. The sales decline was greater than we experienced in the first half of the year, mainly due to a slowdown in the health and wellness category in the third quarter, as we face weaker cough, cold, flu and allergy sales. The year-on-year sales evolution reflects our continued focus on improving retail profitability through both promotional optimization and procurement efficiencies. As a result, retail gross profit and percentage gross margin are both higher than in the comparable quarter last year. Remember that this was the last quarter before we start lapping the promotional optimization program. We were also pleased that sales in the beauty category increased this quarter, reflecting strong performance in the beauty differentiation stores, which continue to outperform our non-beauty differentiation stores. Next, let's look at Retail Pharmacy International. Retail Pharmacy International sales declined 2.1% on a constant currency basis as market conditions continued to be tough. Comparable pharmacy sales decreased 1.7% with Boots UK down 2%, mainly due to lower prescription volume and government funding. Comparable retail sales declined 1.3% with Boots UK 2.1% lower in a challenging marketplace. Adjusted operating income was down 9.3% on a constant currency basis. Over 80% of the decline was due to phasing of certain SG&A expenditures. The remaining decline reflects lower gross profit, largely offset by cost containment measures. Turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales increased by 4% on a constant currency basis. This was behind our estimate of market growth due to market conditions in certain continental European countries, partially offset by strong performance from emerging markets and in the UK. Adjusted operating income was up 0.4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting higher adjusted earnings from AmerisourceBergen. Excluding AmerisourceBergen, generic procurement margin and cost inflationary pressure more than offset the favorable impact of higher sales. Moving now to cash flow. We continue to deliver strong cash flow. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $2.2 billion, up $354 million on the comparable quarter last year, reflecting lower cash taxes paid and higher operating income. During the quarter, our working capital inflow was $344 million, reflecting continued improvement in inventory management. Cash capital expenditures were $317 million. We continue to invest to develop and differentiate our core customer proposition and upgrade our IT systems. This resulted in free cash flow of $1.9 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the comparable quarter last year, and this brings our year-to-date free cash flow to $4.4 billion. Today, as Stefano mentioned earlier, we announced a new $10 billion share repurchase program. The program does not have an expiry date. But absent large M&A, we would expect to complete the program during the course of the next three years. After due consideration, we have also announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.44. The increase reflects our refined dividend policy, which quite simply is to increase our dividend each year. In fact, today's dividend increase marks the 43 consecutive years of dividend increases. On a related topic, we have agreed to sell our minority interest in Premise Health, and we expect the deal to close in July. This has been a good investment for us, and we expect to book an after-tax gain of approximately $270 million. We do look forward to maintaining our commercial relationship with Premise Health both as their exclusive pharmacy partner and as a corporate customer. Turning next to guidance. We have revised our EPS guidance for fiscal year 2018, and now expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $5.90 to $6.05 compared to our previous guidance of $5.85 to $6.05. This guidance equates to adjusted EPS growth of approximately 16% to 19% versus fiscal year 2017. So in summary, we had a solid quarter with adjusted EPS up 15% year-on-year, bringing our year-to-date adjusted EPS growth to 19.8%. We are also making progress on our strategic initiatives. And our dividend increase and new share repurchase program demonstrate our commitment to shareholder returns. Thank you. And I'll now hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. So as you have heard a solid quarter and a good outlook. For us, change is about opportunity, growth and creating value. It is an essential part of our daily life, and a constant need to change or invent our Company is an indication of how core it is to the lives of the people we serve. Our task is to stay relevant and as people's lives change, we must make sure we change with them. That is why we are developing our omni-channel offering and working on our plan for our U.S. stores to create hub in the communities that we serve with an attractive range of services and products. We remain convinced about the value of our presence in the community and of the strong relationship our extraordinary local teams have built in their communities. We remain convinced about the opportunity the Company has and our ability to deliver on those opportunities. We remain convinced that being the most efficient, convenient and differentiated provider of the highest-quality services in the communities that we serve will position us to meet and beat the competition and continue to grow both operationally and financially. We remain confident in our immediate prospects, as you can tell from our guidance for the year. We remain committed to create value for our investors and using that for future growth or realizing it, as you can see from our $10 billion share buyback program and dividend policy. Most of all, however, we remain absolutely convinced about the strength of our Company and its potential to deliver real value growth, not just this year, but for many years to come. Thank you. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much and good morning. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions around the gross margin in the quarter. Can you talk about what the headwind was from, one, Rite Aid; I know that they carry a lower gross margin; two, the Specialty business, just trying to parse out how we think about your core business gross margins. And then secondly, as we think about script growth being flat in the quarter on a same-store sales basis, how do we think about that going forward? I remember, in January, you kind of talked about your core business expectation that that might maybe be more like 3% to 4%. So I just want to try to square those two things.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Lisa. Its Alex here. I'll start with the script business first of all. With 4% so far this year, as you know, underlying on the 7% last year, so  and we continue to really grow share in pharmacy, 300 basis points since WBA was actually formed, so we feel pretty good record market share to a 2.4, albeit in this quarter, driven by non-organic through an organic growth. And in terms of in the quarter, we saw the gains we had with strategic partnerships with Prime and with United, balanced out by the loss we had at Aetna specifically in terms of that moving from  structured from preferred to non-preferred. And I think, as James said in his prepared remarks, we are feeling okay about the selling season for 2019 in Med D, and we have the extra volume coming in from Rite Aid next year as well. So one of our key strategies is to consolidate volume and grow volume and we feel good about that over the long-term. So I think script volume is more affected by the Aetna business than we had expected, but underlying, we feel pretty confident going forward and continue to drive good value to the marketplace and partnerships continue to grow rather than decline outside of that particular partnership. In terms of margin, I think we said before about 190 basis points due to specialty business, more or less. 180, due to specialty business, and thats through the major bulk of the situation in the margin along with the cost, the SG&A cost and mix within the Rite Aid business. Remember, we had two months of Rite Aid acquired in the quarter, which was obviously an impact to that margin.
James Kehoe: This is James. So just to confirm that, the margins in the U.S., gross margin were down 140 basis points in the quarter. And that's entirely 190 basis points due to the specialty business, and as you look at the growth profile in the U.S. business, if you take out the Rite Aid growth plus the Prime business, the actual organic sales were up 6% in the quarter, which is quite impressive actually. However, the majority of the growth this quarter came out of the actual specialty business, and this created the adverse mix on the margin, but the margins on the specific businesses are fine. The issue is we have a mix impact in the quarter.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great.
Stefano Pessina: And this is the problem, if you allow me, In reality, it's very difficult to compare the business this year with last year, because the structure of our business has changed and that's the reality. So we try, of course, to guide toward the work, but it's a different structure. And so when we compare, its difficult to understand at first sight what is happening.
Lisa Gill: And Stefano, it was announced this morning that Amazon is buying a small company called PillPack. I know you said in the past you don't expect them to be a big player or have a lot of impact on your business. I am just curious as to your initial thoughts around this small acquisition by them?
Stefano Pessina: Well, we knew of course, the company was for sale. It had been for sale for a while. We have followed this companies, following everything that happens in our market. And to be honest as we are also working in that direction, of course one of the things that we are doing is to prepare mainly different services for our customers. We were not particularly worried, and we are not particularly worried, of course we are not complacent. We know that we have to change the level of our services to the customers, and we are working quite hard on that direction, but we are not worried because at the end of the day, it's a small company  it is a declaration of intent from Amazon, let's say so, but you see, the pharmacy work is much more complex than just delivering certain pills or certain packages. And I believe, I strongly believe, as I have said even because in my closing remarks that the role of the pharmacies, the physical pharmacies, we continue to be very, very important in future. And yes, there is a lot of emotion in these kind of things today, but we have to compare the emotions with the fact, and the fact is that we have grown since the merger. We have delivered 15% and more of growth in earnings per share. We have delivered a strong cash flow. We have increased our cash flow substantially. And we are in good health and ready to continue to grow in future. Alex, can you say something?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, obviously weve followed this company, and we offer the service locally to our fiscal pharmacies. We have that service plus many others that we support all communities with  and as technology changes, we have continued to invest in technologies to support patients in these circumstances and special care. So I think, we are confident that we can compete more than confident to be honest Lisa, and of course we're building out our services around additional local community basis as Stefano said.
Lisa Gill: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi, good morning. A couple of follow-up questions here and firstly, on the PillPack, Amazon acquisition. And Stefano, obviously when we think about the environment, when we think about the convergence of those, the digital aspects first and the traditional brick-and-mortar, so from your perspective, does Amazon move  as and move as you know also focused on the patient population that is a high user of drug is more kind of a chronic population. Does that accelerate your timeline in unveiling the strategic initiative and does it kind of like change your thoughts about deploying capital into M&A or at least the pace you should deploy that capital?
Stefano Pessina: I have always said that we have to separate the emotions from the facts. We don't see any reason to be worried. We are not complacent. I repeat this. We have a clear plan and I believe that we will continue with the execution of our plan. If we did M&A just under the pressure of emotion, so without respecting our financial discipline, at the end we will destroy value. And sooner or later I would pay  we would pay for it. So I believe that, as you know, as we have always said, that we are open for M&A at the right price. If we can buy something and see the return for what we buy, we will do it. We will not do something just because we feel that we have to do something. We know that our plans are quite solid. We know exactly what is our strategy. We have the means and the abilities in the company to execute our strategy and this is what we do. You will never see us panicking or acting under the pressure of the emotion.
Ricky Goldwasser: Do you think that today's announcement though might mean that some of the other players in the marketplace and potential partners of you might be more willing to come to the table now?
Stefano Pessina: What can I say? Let's see. We are always open. Our door is always open, provided the people who come through that door are sensible. We are always ready to welcome them.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then lastly, just to follow-up on specialty. You talked about specialty as one of the biggest contributors to the year-over-year growth, can you just give us a little bit more color on where you are in the progression with the purchasing, with Express Scripts, with Prime, and what do you estimate your specialty market share is now?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi Ricky. Its Alex here. The relationship with Express is a very good. One, the buying group has just been setup. And obviously, we remain confident that working together with another major brand in the marketplace will bring better value for us and to our customers and to our peers. So it's early days and so far so good. We continue to develop our specialty strategy, and I can't give you market share, of course, because it's not something we report specifically, but we have two models. We have a model of central specialty, we do with AllianceRx and then we have the community model where we continue to invest in small community specialty pharmacies close to where patients live and to where doctors practice. And it has proven to be very successful, and we continue to grow that brick-and-mortar out there as part of our strategy. And we think these two things together with the right relationships and the right partnership philosophy will allow us to continue to grow in a very important marketplace for us. And last but not least, there is the relationships that we have with the global manufacturers. Ornella Barra, my Co-COO, has built this with Stefano over many years, and we continue to work very closely. And for example, we have increased the number of LDDs as a result of our global and local relationship.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross. I was wondering if you could comment on  if youre  there have been number of questions about gross margin pressure so far, but so far you have been able to really offset it with a very good degree of OpEx management. Was there anything you can comment on the sustainability of that and how you sort of view the OpEx management opportunities going forward?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. We remain very confident that we can remain very efficient. We have always have opportunities, as I said, in the prepared comments. The investments we're making in information technology will improve our processes, and we continue to really focus in it. And I think we said this really since the beginning of Walgreens Boots Alliance, we come from European market as most of us, where we are used to reimbursement pressure. And therefore, we plan for efficiencies, and we plan for investment and efficiencies importantly in advance to make sure that we can remain competitive. And we continue to scale. I mean, scale is really important to us. In addition of the Rite Aid stores early on this year gained us more opportunity both on synergies, but also on scale. So again, we remain confident, Elizabeth. And that's part of our job. That's what we do.
Elizabeth Anderson: Perfect. And then just speaking of your European experience, could you kind of give us a little bit more color on your thoughts on the UK and EU businesses both on the retail and wholesale side just in terms of what you're seeing in terms of market challenges and then reimbursement pressures and consumer spend?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. Thanks. I'll pick up the UK. Particularly, Boots in the UK, a business I know very well. Again, it's no secret that Brexit  is known to be Brexit, and the government are reacting really to increasing health care costs in the UK. And Pharmacy was impacted directly about 1.5 years ago. We see this two things happening. We see an unusual period of reimbursement pressure, which has come through, and also a reduction in volume of prescriptions as the government is encouraging through the doctors to not prescribe so many things available outside of a normal pharmacy for some conditions. So these things are impacting both the margin and the volume in this phase. Clearly, we are also looking in terms of how do we work more closely with our wholesale business. We have a very, very strong position in wholesale in the UK, and we continue to work on efficiency and supply chain and work very closely, as I said, already with Ornella and her team to make sure that we really bring services that manufacturers want to the marketplace. So we work as usual in these conditions. Were used to it. And this is a phase, for sure, were coming through, which has been more challenged than usual, but will remain our strong business, and we have a lot of opportunity in the future.
Stefano Pessina: On the selling business, I would add that, of course, the pressure that the pharmacies have on the government, of course, we said, is reflected on the wholesale by definition, of course. And the wholesaling business is difficult  relatively difficult, more difficult that in the past, let's say, in Continental Europe, particularly in Germany and in France. It's very good in the emerging markets, very good in Turkey, very good in Egypt, very good in other market like Romania. And overall, the fact that we have a portfolio of businesses gives us certain stability, and that this business is quite predictable. Youll see that theyre quite stable over the year, a little more, a little less. And of course, but we have to take into account that the contribution of the business is not just the cash, the substantial cash that the wholesaling business is generating because it's a cash-generating business, of course, but also the fact that we see our relationship with the suppliers, we see our relationship  and their volumes are contributing quite substantially to our purchasing power. And you see that the importance of certain part of the business like WBAD that substantially is part  is managed by the people of wholesaling. The importance of this business for the group is very, very important. And also, the wholesaling business has another important function for us, and this is Alphega. Alphega is a virtual pharmacy chain. As in most of Continental Europe, the pharmacy chains are not allowed. We have a virtual chain, a kind of very low franchise, if we can define it like that, of 6,500 pharmacies across many countries, many European countries. And of course, this is improving our overall business, strengthen our overall business because where we don't have our own pharmacies, we have Alphega, and also where we have our own pharmacies there in the UK. We still have almost 1,000 Alphega partners. So overall, the importance of the business is not just on the cash that it delivers, which is quite significant, not just on the profit it delivers, which is stable, but on the different additional services and opportunities that it creates for the business overall  for the group.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, thank you.
Stefano Pessina: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Nathan Rich: Thanks. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. Stefano, maybe to start, how are you thinking about the longer-term strategic positioning of the Company, given how the industry appears to be changing around you with the deal that was announced today and some of the vertical deals that were in process? And how does that change the way you're thinking about that type of assets that you might need to add-on to the current business as you think about the future?
Stefano Pessina: Well, we know very well that the space is changing. We have said this very clearly. We have said this since we are here. We know that the space is changing, and we try to steer these businesses toward those changes. And as we said many, many times, we have to create the platform on which we could build these changes because we have to reorganize the business after the merger three years ago. And I believe we have done it. We have reorganized everything practically in this business. You have seen that we have increased our profit substantially, our cash flow substantially. So we have created a strong business. And I can assure you that we are working towards adopting this business to their future needs of the market is what we have said, we have just said this in our remarks. And so I believe that we don't have to change our strategy because our strategy is exactly what you were  not exactly where you were saying, and this is what we are working towards. Alex, maybe you can add something?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Nathan, yes, all that we're doing right now, as Stefano said, we are really spending the last few years taking care reorganizing the business, looking forward and all our efforts and energies on a lot of the monies now being spent on test and trials, as I've said in the prepared remarks. Were really, really doing some really interesting, what was customers show all of our effort is really looking forward and making sure that we are still relevant to more or less we are today in the U.S. as the customer and the markets change. So it's really enjoyable what were going on with it.
Nathan Rich: Okay, thanks. And maybe just a follow-up, looking at SG&A in the U.S. business this quarter, costs were down, I think almost $60 million sequentially, despite having the full impact of Rite Aid stores for most of the quarter. And I think you said that those were higher-cost mix. So can you maybe just give us a little bit more detail about what drove the decline in SG&A and more importantly, how we  when we look forward, how should we think about the run rate, thinking about having the full Rite Aid stores on for full quarter, and also the wage increases that youve previously announced?
Alexander Gourlay: Nathan, as I've said to Elizabeth, I mean we have programs that span, two, three years, we have working on efficiencies. And we have many opportunities across stores, central offices, is now for resale and the list goes on. And I think the costs are consistently coming down because we're consistently working on it.
James Kehoe: Yes, this is James here. I just want to add one point. The result is actually quite more impressive because we're cycling through this one-time curtailment benefit in the prior year period. So not only were the results, as we've said, quite impressive, but we are cycling through these one-time items. I think, as we look forward, as Alex said before, we also have the opportunity to make the Rite Aid stores more efficient and generally the management overall. As I come on board, I would reflect that they've done extremely strong work over the past, I would say, eight or nine quarters. But there's always opportunity in any business. And I'm actually quite impressed by the folks in the business making sure the G&A is tightly managed. There is continuing programs. So part of my job is to make sure that continues as well.
Nathan Rich: Thanks for the correction.
Operator: Our next question is from George Hill with RBC. Your line is open.
George Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. And I guess I wanted to talk a little bit about the share repo announcement, and I guess I wanted to ask how do you feel about the share repo as it relates to timing. Is this something where you guys would step up the timing on the $10 billion to an ASR? And do you feel like the  does the repo announcement kind of limit your deal optionality? And I guess, maybe just thinking about capital deployment priorities going forward and, I guess, given it looks like the stock is going to open up weak today. Stefano, you highlighted not being emotional about how you work that would affect the capital deployment, but you must also recognize when an opportunity present itself?
James Kehoe: Yes. Its James here. Maybe I'll pass it on Stefano. I think Im relatively new, coming on board, the capital deployment options are quite clear. One is internal investment, two is partnerships and/or M&A and then it is the dividend and the share repurchase. Don't let it be lost on you that we're communicating the dividend and the share repurchase at the same time and as we look at the program, Ill respond directly to your question is, I think if I was to make an assumption, we will pursue the program absent major M&A over the course of the next three years. And I think you can work that out for yourself. It doesn't have an expiry date because we do want the flexibility if the right transaction comes along. We are pretty convinced though with the strong cash generation and just look at what happened in the quarter up from $1.6 billion last year to $1.9 billion this year. It's pretty impressive. We expect that to continue. So I think we need to walk and chew gum. We should be able to do deals and returning cash to shareholders and that's the essential communication that Stefano has given in his prepared remarks.
George Hill: Okay. And if I can have a quick follow-up for Alex. I'd say, Alex, can you  I guess talking anecdotally about what's going on with script trends with some of the larger payers? I imagine this was the quarter where we saw the final tail on the AllianceRx. I don't know if you can talk about like, are you still seeing a boost from the optimal relationship, like how quick has the fall off been from SilverScript growing preferred? We know that kind of the Aetna business is going away, like I guess any color that you can give us on sources of scripts and where scripts are walking out the door would be helpful?
Alexander Gourlay: Sure. George, I think, as I said before to Ricky and to Lisa, we just closed the Med D season for 2019 in terms of the contracting, we feel good about  James said on his prepared remarks. We continue to grow with Optimum and United in our bigger business. And we also continue to do well with Prime, so all these things have proven to be successful. The issue we've had is really Aetna on moving from preferred to non-preferred.
George Hill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks. Could you just speak to your relationship with AmerisourceBergen and just give us an update there? And what are some of the limitations as well as opportunities under the current ownership structure? I guess what more can you do with Amerisource here? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: With Amerisource we have a good relationship. We work together well. We are happy overall and I believe that they are as well. At the time being we don't see an absolute need to change the situation. Of course, things could change over time, but for the time being we are happy as we are.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thanks. And can you give us an update or speak to what your initial thoughts are on the potential implications from the drug pricing blueprint and some of the commentary from the new HSS Secretary, just on general drug pricing and potential changes to rebate structure? Thanks.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. I mean, I think we support price transparency. We've been very consistent with that from day one. And really, that's what the HSS is saying. So supportive, we had pharmacies on Capitol Hill to understand the recommendations and its too early to tell the impact, to be honest some things that rebates, but we remain supportive of giving the customers more visibility and giving them a simpler and easier pharmacy and healthcare system.
Stefano Pessina: I am convinced that if we add a more transparent system, overall, the pharmacy could be better off because we are an element in the chain of distribution drugs an element that is making the  giving their service at a reasonable rate. And so I believe that whatever the system could be even a system where we would be paid by a fee-for-service could improve our situation because on one side probably we would have similar margin or just a smaller margin, but it would tell us to streamline in a more transparent world, to streamline our cost quite substantially. So we are very in favor of a full transparency.
Erin Wright: Great. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Gerald Gradwell for any further remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much indeed. Thank you everyone for participating in the call. We, the IR team are around to take any further questions you may have and anything we didn't get to on the call today, but thank you all and we will speak to you again in the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-03-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP, IR Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman & CEO Alexander Gourlay - Co-Chief Operating Officer George Fairweather - EVP & Global CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs George Hill - RBC Capital Markets Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Steve Valiquette - Barclays Michael Cherny - Bank of America Eric Percher - Nephron Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct and question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 2018 second quarter earnings call. As usual, I'm here today with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens; and George Fairweather, our Global Chief Financial Officer. We're presenting in a slightly different format today to try and give you a better overall picture of our thinking, where we are with the business and where we want to be. We would welcome any feedback you may have on the updated format to ensure we're addressing your needs. I will shortly hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments and host the call. Before I do so, however, there are some things that never change; so I'd ask your indulgence and attention please while I take you through the legal Safe Harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. In today's presentation we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures, we refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You'll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. I'll now hand you over to Stefano who I should say is slightly under the weather today with a bad cold; so if sounds a little cocky, that's why. Stefano?
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. If you would have seen from these mornings announcement, it has been a rather good financial quarter for the Company. We've re-run the progress in our key numbers. It is despite the what has widely been seen in the retail markets as rather mixed stuff to the year. George will run you through the numbers, but before then, I would like to say a few words about our markets and strategy and ask Alex to give you some insights about how we are interpreting and implementing that strategy in our daily operations. So I would like to start by reminding you why we believe that we are at the heart of an extraordinary dynamic sector despite it apparently being a little out of favor at the moment, and why we have such conviction about our future. Fundamentally, we see ourselves as being in very attractive markets, the pressure of pharmacy adjusted elements of the overall pressure in the healthcare system. In the U.S., this is mainly the reimbursement pressure from the payers, the PBMs and the health plans. Although as I have always predicted, these are now pretty much one and the same and the sign of the pressure, the payers are under from their customers. It is a sign that everyone recognizes the need to control the inevitable growth in demand. Population continue to age; with increased life expectancy comes increased expectation for quality of life and increased demand for healthcare. In the U.S. alone over half of all prescription drugs are taken by the over 65 and this percentage is even higher in many of the entirely state funded healthcare systems in other countries. The cost of care continues to rise. The relative attractiveness or medication based treatments to keep people leading productive life in the community continues to increase as the cost of medication remains materially lower than the total cost of healthcare. The innovation in healthcare means demand is infinite and most markets manage cost by managing supply. Against these backdrop, we see different approaches to managing healthcare spend. In most countries around the world, these have been achieved through government intervention either to limit reimbursement, limit availability of treatment or more usually, some combination of the two. The most sophisticated system combined these with some element of free market economics. The United States is one of the markets with the greatest element of such free market economics built into the system. But with some 18% of U.S. GDP already spent on healthcare, significantly more than any other country in the world, everyone recognizes that the U.S. system can be more efficient. The greater the element of free market economics in the healthcare system, the greater the scope for us and the greater the number of ways in which we can add value through reducing overall cost of care and working with that to evolve the way in which healthcare is both delivered and funded. We have outstanding experience and a strong track record of success in managing our business to play an active role in the management of our area of healthcare costs. We have shown that we can tie commercially while doing so, sharing the benefits and at times the growing pains of the market without partners in the relevant healthcare system. These has made us a trusted partner for patients, payers, governments and providers; most notably, the drug companies, and of course has been the foundation on which our team has delivered many, many years of excellent financial performance. In the market we are applying the strategies that have systematically delivered us a combination of cost control and commercial growth in other market. I can summarize our approach really quite simply. The main points of our strategy are to drive growth and consolidate volume through organic growth partnership of acquisition and use these volume to buy best-in-class, and most importantly, significantly better than our competitors. Control cost optimizing financial efficiency and leveraging our financial strength. We rigorously apply financial discipline in everything we do from day to day operation to business development. Differentiate ourselves where we can through value, quality of service, exclusivity, or innovation; and our own trends form a strong point of differentiation. Build a portfolio of complementary business across a broad geography to provide protection from the unique cycles in any one area. Reinvest for both organic and external growth and foster a portfolio of opportunity to give us multiple levers for growth. Naturally, we must adapt these approach specifically to the condition in each of our markets. And the U.S. it's not different, in fact, if anything -- these approaches are more relevant to the U.S. than to many other markets. I can honestly say that there is nothing that we have done in the U.S. indeed anywhere across the Company that cannot be traced directly back to one or more of these teams. And of course, underlying these are two basic principles; the need for dynamism ensuring that we move with indeed lead the market and the strength of leadership and management ensuring we have the right team with the right skills and experience. Our announcement of James Kehoe's appointment to join us as Chief Financial Officer from June 1 reinsures to add with [ph] business development after a carefully managed transition, demonstrate our ability to attract exceptional skills and experience. It also demonstrates the commitment of our current team to remain engaged in our future and prevail the team as much as the Company to keep it relevantly strong. Don't take these as an indication that I am going anywhere, there is still a lot for me to do but it is an indication that we are committed as a team at every level in our organization. George has done outstanding work as CFO over many years which we all thank him for, and he has a lot more to contribute to the Company. Thinking of other members of the team who have done great work but still have a lot more to do, this is probably an appropriate time for me to hand you over to Alex who will tell you about how we are implementing our strategic approach in the U.S.
Alexander Gourlay: Thank you, Stefano. I'm going to focus today on the U.S. as this represents so much of our activity. Stefano has defined a strategy succinctly, and the evidence of the strategy in action is clear from a recent earnings performance and in stores although of course a lot more goes on behind the scenes. As I said, everything we do eventually comes back to the service we give to the patients and customers and how we deliver for our partners. Before I talk about the future, when we just review how we apply our strategy in the U.S. market today besides what we've had to do a lot of work to quite the data we needed and apply it in the way we needed. As you know, we are investing considerably in our systems and are spending a lot of time getting pointed in the right direction and working even better. Overall, we spent over $500 million to-date on building, testing and implementing new systems; we're on-track and in addition, in the next 3 years we anticipate investing more than $500 million on this area of transformation of our business which will in turn lead to further cost savings and efficiencies. We're starting to get good data from our stores and we're making progress towards what we need. We're now running the balanced awards program as a data and customer insight tool as much as the marketing program as it was just designed and we have now 88.6 million active users who are so working to simplify the program but we now have available tool as nearly 3 years of excellent customer data. We're part way through updating other core retail systems which will give us a full suite of data enabling us to better mine the business and provide a platform for future growth, those are working in a number of other key systems. We've been very open about the files that our pharmacy management system although state-of-the-art when we implemented some 25 years ago and still performing very well given this age has some constraints in it's ability to handle the future needs of the business and our markets. This is a big priority for us, the work is progressing on-track and we've been significantly helping this by recent experience of developing for assistance elsewhere in the Company. In addition, some of the work George and his team are doing within Walgreens to update the financial assistance and with the processes is already giving additional visibility on our financial performance on a much more timely basis which is helping us track and respond to changes much more quickly. As ever there is more to do but the combination of management data and customer insight has really begun to kick-in and they form a great deal of change in our business. Turning now to pharmacy; as you know, one of our top priorities has been to grow volume and keeping with Stefano's forced strategic gain. It is pretty clear to us 3 years ago that our cost base was designed for a volume of prescriptions that have been lost but not fully replaced. We did some work to validate the information we have in the markets and compare that with our own internal information; it was clear with updates in our thinking and approach. The implication was a pretty big shift in our approach which we had to work hard to manage significantly cutting out places to bring us back into line with the market, but also focusing on improving our service standards, particularly availability of prescriptions and speed of service. In this we had to meet the judgment call on network, our position in the communities we serve and service levels would make us attractive at market prices. We made this judgment based on extensive consultation everywhere with peers on both a leg work and the consultation paid off. Once again this quarter you've seen prescription volumes grow and our market share increase to the highest level we ever reported, 21.4%. Over the past few years, we have grown our market share by over 200 basis points. While volumes and market share come and go as contract shift, I'm confident that we are now back to a position where we are competing strongly. Despite any short-term shifts in the market, we are well positioned to see volume and market share growth overtime. This gives us a strong basis on which to review our pharmacy operations and improves them in areas where we can generate more value for both ourselves and our partners, and look at ways to improve costs and efficiency overtime to augment the growth we will see in volumes. Of course, as you know, this team in Switzerland are using these volumes alongside those of our procurement partners to do a truly fantastic job in terms of getting us great buying terms but we do not and cannot rely solely on buying. The procurement work is there to support the pharmacies and volume counts in procurement. Especially growth can also be seen clearly in this quarter's performance as we continue to develop our Alliance RX partnership with Prime Therapeutics and extend the number of successful community specialty pharmacies. And the products here that we have recently added [indiscernible] in specialty pharmacy, a 23 Walgreens community based specialty pharmacy sites. Overall, I believe we are well positioned to grow specialty market share in the future. In the retail side of the business, despite having been area of much discussion we are at an early stage. Over the last 3 years we have been focused on driving profitable growth, looking at the comparative quarter 3 years ago on our usual adjusted basis, we delivered higher retail gross profit through improving gross margin by over 300 basis points. This progress has been made through a combination of good solid retail management and focusing promotions and a plan with rigorous financial discipline which Stefano has already mentioned. Through changes in merchandising and product mix, we have followed our strategy of differentiation and increased penetration of own brands while significantly improving margins. This has been achieved in competitive markets by driving improvements in our health and good [ph] offerings, we made good progress but not perhaps as quickly as I would have hoped but the new store formats we're working on will provide a platform for us to accelerate this growth. Of course there have been many areas we've been able to make progress within the comp store formats such as optimization of ranges and promotional activity, all of which have delivered improvements in performance. This can be clearly seen in our beauty differentiation roll outs within partnership with our suppliers, we have extended the rollout to our own 2,800 stores having more brands including our own brands. It's not just about improving the look and feel but making sure we have the skills and training and our own team to support this work. Since we concluded all out, beauty sales and beauty differentiation stores have outperformed our non-beauty differentiation stores in the quarter, as accounted for retail margin differential of around 2 percentage points. We intend to continue this and just to add more stores on more cashes on beauty. In the new store format, we'll bring together such as optical, hearing care and lap [ph] along with further testing of value, royalty and supply chain initiatives. We plan to bring together all of this learning in the pilot stores which we will begin launching in the coming months as we mentioned in our first quarter updates. I was stressed that the new formats as much of bringing Walgreens upto date as themselves living the future but they will provide a platform from which we can deliver future services, retail offerings and accessible healthcare. The past stores would also provide a platform for the existing initiatives we've already introduced. Such strategic partnership with FedEx is already available in almost all of our Walgreens stores, all performing very well. Equally, there are areas unique to us that don't have the scale or expertise to optimize in our grid. We've gone for some quick wins but known our position for more fundamental change. The development of the new store formats and [indiscernible] as we learned more from their performance in the market also provides us with the opportunity to develop a wider range of services at different value proposition. The acquisition of the ready stores which is now being completed at accelerated -- the development of our network during this transitional phase accepting as we have said there will be no material attrition from right at the fiscal year. Another key initiative that's developing a digital presence which is not just a buzzword but increasingly of true relevance in the healthcare area, as well as obviously in retail and again, whilst as it is, we have not been sitting still in this area. Our app has been downloaded 50.6 million times, has a 5-star customer rating on the U.S. App Store. During the second quarter, around 21% of Walgreens retail resale scripts were initiated through digital channels, up almost 3 percentage points versus the comparable quarter last year. So with all these initiatives while there is a long way to go, we must not lose sight of the ships in the market while we are transforming the business. We have many great opportunities at stake and many paths that we can choose to follow as we drive our business forward to create a more differentiated customer proposition in the USA. My job is to make sure that we are the right team, with the right tools, and the right focus; to make sure we have the dynamism that Stefano talked about reaching all parts of our operations. That's why in the U.S. we have paid to investor into $100 million per annum and increased wages beginning later this calendar year. Putting the systems in place as I said in my opening comments is an example of providing the right tools and the forthcoming appointment of Sebastian and James to head our booths is a good example of how we can broaden and renew the skill base of our team, how we execute our planned succession within our operations. I'm delighted I'm doing this, we've also been able to keep the experience of less [ph] within the business. Now, over to George.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Alex. We are pleased with our overall progress, both in the quarter, and through the first half of the fiscal year and we continue to expect to have a solid year. And today we have raised our guidance for fiscal 2018. In the quarter, our key profit metrics were all up on the comparable quarter last year both on a reported and constant currency basis. As we announced this morning, on a reported basis, sales were up 12.1%, adjusted operating income was up 7.3%, and adjusted diluted net earnings were up 16.6%. Most importantly, adjusted diluted net earnings per share increased by 27.2%. This very strong growth was in part due to the U.S. tax law changes, our share buyback program and of course good growth in adjusted operating income. On a GAAP basis, diluted net earnings per share increased by 38.8%, the key difference between GAAP and adjusted growth being the cost transformation program in the same quarter last year, partially offset by the provisional net discrete tax expense. For completeness, here are the first half financial highlights showing adjusted diluted net earnings per share growth of 22.4%. So, turning now to the performance of our divisions in the quarter, starting with retail pharmacy USA. Retail pharmacy USA total sales, comparable store sales and adjusted gross profit all increased versus the comparable quarter last year with adjusted gross profit being higher in both pharmacy and retail. At the same time adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has improved versus comparable quarters for 19 consecutive quarters; these together resulted in adjusted operating income increasing by 6.3%. So let's look in more detail at pharmacy where we've continued to make good progress. U.S. pharmacy sales were up significantly, increasing by 18.7%. This was primarily due to higher prescription volume including central specialty and mail following the formation of Alliance RX Walgreens prime and from the acquired Rite Aid stores. On a comparable basis, pharmacy sales increased by 5.1%, partially due to higher volume. Reimbursement pressure on generics had a negative impact, partially offset by brand inflation. The number of retail prescriptions failed on a 30-day adjusted basis including immunizations increased by 9.1% leading to an increase in reported market share in the quarter to 21.4%, up 100 basis points. On a comparable basis, prescriptions filled increased 4%, this was primarily due to the positive impact of our strategic pharmacy partnerships and to Medicare Part D. As in the first quarter, we delivered higher pharmacy gross profit despite ongoing reimbursement pressure and a higher proportion of specialty which adversely impacted gross margin by around 190 basis points. So turning next to retail. Total retail sales were 0.7% lower. Comparable retail sales were down 2.7% as we continue to focus on delivering improved margins. This action resulted in higher retail gross profit than in the comparable quarter last year. As Alex has said, looking at the comparable quarter 3 years ago, we have improved adjusted retail gross margin by over 300 basis points. Next, let's look at retail pharmacy international. Retail pharmacy international total and comparable store sales on a constant currency basis were lower this quarter, market conditions continuing to be tough, particularly in retail. Comparable pharmacy sales increased by 0.6% with UK being up 1%, mainly due to mix. Comparable retail sales decreased 2.8% with UK being 3.3% lower. As I indicated on our January earnings call, our trading has been challenging, we are managing our businesses well to address this. In particular, we are managing our cost base very tightly. As a result, we've been able to increase adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis by 6.6%. So now let's look at our pharmaceutical wholesale division. Sales increased by 3.4% on a constant currency basis; this was behind our estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales due to challenging market conditions in certain continental European countries, partially offset by strong performance in emerging markets. Adjusted operating income was down 1.3% on a constant currency basis, generic procurement margin pressures being largely offset by higher adjusted earnings from AmerisourceBergen, primarily due to the U.S. tax law changes. So turning next to cash flow. We continue to deliver strong cash generation. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $2.2 billion. During the quarter, our working capital inflow was $502 million reflecting our seasonal reduction in inventories. Cash capital expenditure was $288 million. We continue to invest in key areas to develop and differentiate our core customer proposition, as well as the upgrades to our IT systems which Alex has referred to. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow of $1.9 billion. This brings our free cash flow for the first half to $2.5 billion which is another strong performance. So turning next to tax. Now that we have better clarity on the tax benefit for this year and beyond, I thought it would be useful to explain the impact. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter which we calculated excluding ABC was 16.5%; this was lower than in the same quarter last year, primarily due to the recent U.S. tax law changes. For the first half the tax rate on the same basis was 20.3%. The core tax rate in our half year income statement is a blended rate. As we have in August fiscal year end, this reflects 4/12th of the old U.S. tax rate and 8/12th of the new rate. Our GAAP effective tax rate in the second quarter was 27.4% compared with 19% for the comparable period last year. This was significantly impacted by a provisional net discrete tax expense of $184 million associated with the new U.S. tax law. This net figure consist of current estimates of $794 million of transition taxes payable over the next 8 years, partially offset by $610 million reduction in deferred tax. In terms of the fiscal year 2018 cash tax benefit, we now expect this to be more than $350 million; this compares with our previously announced estimate of over $200 million. All these figures are current estimates which we will continue to refine. Finally, turning to guidance for the full financial year. We now expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $5.85 to $6.05. Our guidance now incorporates the U.S. tax law changes. The expected benefits are now marginally higher than the $0.35 per share upper end of our previously indicated range. As we said before, we do not expect Rite Aid to significantly impact this years adjusted diluted net earnings per share, and as usual, this guidance is based on current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. I'll now hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So from what you have heard, I hope that you can see we remain very confident of the robustness of our business and our ability to drive growth in it. The results that we have delivered today demonstrate the real value we are creating, as we continue the transformation of our business and our updated guidance reflects the confidence we have in our ability to continue to deliver solid financial return. The strength of the Company like Walgreens Boots Alliance does not lie entirely with the momentary placed any single business in the Company is in it's specific business cycle. It lies in our ability to bring multiple businesses and multiple opportunities to bear, to manage our portfolio business against our market position and our partnership to create opportunities, to deliver a consistent performance as a company, overall. We have a great deal of experience of doing this and despite the ever changing markets that we see much to give us confidence that we can continue to do that going forward. So to conclude, as we look ahead, we are optimistic as we have always been. Thank you. We will now take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ross Muken from Evercore. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Elizabeth [ph] in for Ross. Given the reasons be in industry consolidation, how has that changed your view if at all on any of your capital allocation priorities?
Stefano Pessina: Well, it doesn't change it at all. We have our strategy and we follow our strategy trying to be consistent in what we believe. I have just announced which are our principle, and of course, we are always willing to do a deal if the deal is consistent with what we expect from a deal, if we have the right return, if we can see a way to have back indication that we used for the deal. So we are always open to the deal, we are open to joint ventures, to collaborate with other partners in order to extract synergies, to extract benefit that we can share, possibly investing capital but not enormous amount of capital. But if all these would not be possible inspite of our cost and attention to the market. We will return somehow the money today to shareholders, we are a good cash generative companies, of course we have to use the money that we create. We will try to do reserve M&A if possible, otherwise we will give back the money to the shareholders.
Unidentified Analyst: And in addition, your Alliance RX partnership seems to be going off great; what is it do you think is it about your offering that's really resonating with clients?
Alexander Gourlay: I mean it's really early stages, so we are pleased with where we are. I think there is a couple of things; I think that we're able to really work in a different way in terms of the visibility of the partnership and what the payers are seeing within that partnership. Clearly, there is more to do here but that's one part of it. Second part of it is, that we're able to connect some of the customers to our local specialty pharmacies, they are also handling the additional LDD drugs that we've been able to acquire as a result of that both in partnership with Alliance RX and expansion of our local community pharmacies within all these network. So we feel good about where we are, we think we have a more local model as more relevant along with the great partnership with Prime Therapeutics.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: I guess just looking back scripts growth, up 4% on a same-store basis was maybe a little lighter than what we were expecting, given the residual benefit we thought you'd still have from the prime arrangement and obviously, a very strong flu season. Could you maybe just comment on what you saw as far as volumes on scripts in the quarter? And then I know earlier this year you had talked about the back half, seeing script growth in the 2% to 3% range; I wanted to see if that was still a valid target?
Alexander Gourlay: I think that remember as investors in Q2, they meet the wins of last year and it happened obviously January 1; so Q2 does contain an element of that. Secondly, the flu season was unusual in the sense, it was very strong in December and January but relatively we can feel [ph] overall, it was a pretty -- from our point of view, a pretty normal flu season. And remember, Q2 for us is these 3 months; so we saw the flu season pretty much to our level off to normal. So I wouldn't say there was much impact, I don't know volumes there. Going forward, as we said before, we still expect to grow in the back half of the year and also we expect to grow going forward. We have seen some additional marketing activities from some of our competition which again is impacting some of the volume, this is pretty much as we said and we're very confident -- we are in a really strong comparative position, not just for this year but the future as well. And of course, last but not the least, very importantly, the smooth transfer of the rating businesses that we have purchased to ourselves, of course again is growing on volumes in the second part of this fiscal and calendar year.
Robert Jones: I guess just one quick follow-up or clarification on the plan to increase wages, I think you mentioned by $100 million; that won't affect this fiscal year, is that correct? I think you said it would start in fiscal '19. And then I guess more importantly, any sense you can give us on where you think this puts you relative to others in the market where you're competing for our hourly wage earners?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, we haven't given a date yet but we did say based on this calendar year; so you can assume that it will have little or no effect on this calendar -- this fiscal year. In terms of the marketplace, we review this all the time, there is quite a lot of announcements we've made from people in the marketplace and we're confident what we're doing later in this year will keep us in a very competitive situation and we continue to invest in our people in over the long-term. While this really has nothing to do with the tax benefits that George outlined in his prepared remarks, this was already something that we plan to do but obviously was helped by the fact that we had some release date as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Hill from RBC. Your line is open.
George Hill: First, I start with George; if I look at the guidance change, kind of where you guys came into the quarter versus the updated guidance -- it looks like most of the benefit is coming from the tax change, I guess I would just ask are there any changes to any of your internal operating assumptions as it relates for the guidance where we should just think of most of the changes? And then I have a quick follow-up for Alex.
George Fairweather: Yes, you've summarized it pretty well. Our updated guidance really reflects no change to our core growth assumptions which you can if you do the math from the midpoint to midpoint; you will see that it's really primarily from the expected tax reform benefit, so really no change. And just to add to that, I think as we said in the last two earnings call; we said that we expect fiscal '18 to be more balanced between the two halves and that was the case in fiscal '17.
George Hill: And then -- I guess Alex, as we think about the payer environment, we've seen the Cigna-Express deal and the CVS-Aetna deal; I guess are you seeing anything from your end that makes you concerned about future reimbursement pressure on the commercial side of the buck from payer consolidation or does this -- do the alignment of these payer organizations not seem like they're going to impact future reimbursement?
George Fairweather: No, too early in any case to work or to see it. But remember that for sure there will be some negative effect in these consolidation but there will be many positive effect because we are in a free market and so the people who have not taken part to the consolidation will be more willing to work a bit -- the people were independent on the market. It's too early to see the effect but overall, we would expect a slightly positive effect for us.
Alexander Gourlay: Thanks, George. I have nothing to add, just to those remarks, I see the same way.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: My first question is on the new store format; just if you can kind of like help us quantify what type of capital investment do you envision as required per store and how should we think about the cadence of the rollout?
Alexander Gourlay: These really are tests, there are tests based on a lot of stuff we've learned in the last 3 years, both on the front and product mix, and also importantly, some tests that we've got in the markets separately with healthcare services along of course with our new platform with that X on a digital platform that we already have in place. So really putting all of that together to understand that this is the test, so we really haven't got any more information on rollouts. In terms of affordability I think we've been very clear that we are fiscally very disciplined, and we will work this within the normal rules that we have in the business about returns that we would expect to get from any initiative including one, rolling out a format. And our experience in the past has been that you can achieve with a reasonable spending capital in a small box like Walgreens, a good return as you would start to shift the mix and induce more services, and also improve the value proposition overall and that's exactly what we intend to in these formats, it's proved that case and then when we're ready, we'll come back and let you know how that looks in terms of plan.
Stefano Pessina: This is what we're typically doing. We make a trial, spending a limited amount of money and after we refine the trail because before holding it over we work on the trial and if we know that these takes a little more time at the end of today but we believe that is worthwhile to spend sometimes and to be sure of what we want to do in order that when we hold over the clients to many stores, we have a model which is not perfect but it's quite robust. And of course, these times -- but at the end we save a lot of money because we don't under-risk to all over a trial format or any activity that after we have to adjust or probably to substitute, so we try not to waste money.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then my follow-up; one is on -- United and Aetna are moving to point of service rebates where there are fully insured members. Does this have any impact on the pharmacy economics as it relates to the co-pay? That's one. And second of all, when we looked at your front end comps, of the door down 0.27 in the quarter, but how should we think about the impacts from your decision to rationalize SKUs? So how should we think about comms on the same SKU basis?
George Fairweather: We actually believe that point of service is a good thing for the customer, so we actually think this is a good move forward, creates more visibility. And we don't expect that to be any more than normal reimbursement pressure that we've seen consistently over the years as a result of this. But we expect that pharmacy experiences to get better which should help us from an efficiency point of view and a customer care point of view, but clearly, we'll see what happens when our colleagues in the industry rollout these initiatives. On the front end comps, we have been consistent in saying and I think the number we gave today about the 300 basis points is the one important data point that we are driving for profitable growth. Part of that was a significant SKU reduction in the bottom quarter over stores last year and I don't have any specific data to give you today but we are pleased with the performance of these stores and are moving that thinking on as an important part of simplifying our offer, both for people who serve as customers. But also importantly, for customers who wanted to actually have a really good experience some more gains as well. So one of the things we have seen is good improvements in MPS as a result of that work. So there is more management to do, more work to do but remain confident in this approach and that's why we're accelerating it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: George, I understand your comments around guidance and primarily being taxed but what did the quarter look like versus your internal expectations? Would it be nicely, I think first is a straight execution; so I'm just trying to understand the way that we had it modeled versus your internal expectations?
George Fairweather: Overall the year-to-date is very much turning out as we had anticipated, hence really what we said today about the guidance for the full year.
Lisa Gill: And then just secondly, Stefano, I know you consistently get this question, the first question today was about capital allocation but if I go back to our discussion in January where we talked about vertical integration and you anticipated there would be even more opposed the CVS-Aetna deal. I want to better understand and I understand what you're talking about, whether you're talking about a deal that's consistent with returns when you think about things financially but is there something that you believe you need to strategically from where you sit today or is it just more of -- if something comes along that fits our financial criteria, that's the direction we're looking at. I just want to better understand how you're thinking about from a strategic standpoint?
Stefano Pessina: From a strategic standpoint, I rarely believe that our market -- our pharmacies, our stores tomorrow would have to be very, very different and so for sure from a strategic standpoint we have to change a lot but I don't believe that the change is only possible if you merge with a health plan, this is one-way to rationalize the market. Of course, if you can extract a value from it, if the value that you can extract from it is justified price to pay but this is one model, but there are many other model because we will have to change today. The stores are quite substantially in the future and the way we will serve the consumers in a very radical way; so there is much to do with our without a merger with a health plan, with or without merger with other players in these market. And I see that the main transformation in future would not be just a merger with one of the main part we mentioned would be to adapt the stores, to what the future customer will require. And if we go to Asia and you will see what is happening there, if you look at what the people like Feint [ph], Alibaba and others are doing or are talking of doing, you will see that at that end even we -- given us have to think in a different direction for the future and this is something that of course it's ineluctable. While a merger with an insurance company or with PBM or with whole sellers, if not ineluctable; the fight in future would not be on this basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: Just curious here now that you completed the purchase of the 1,900 plus Rite Aid stores; just curious if there is anything that has surprised you on the upside or downside and now that you have all these assets under your ownership?
George Fairweather: No, we're really pleased to have got to this point as you can imagine and the process has been good, nothing surprised us on the upside or downside and we remain confident that we will be able to execute what is still quite a big plan. I mean adopting an over 1,900 stores into your network is not actually forward; so we still have a lot to do but we remain confident it's on plan and will give us returns that we had expected.
Steve Valiquette: And then just quickly, just to throw it out there since nobody else brought it up; are you able to comment at all on these broad news articles, a month or two ago suggesting there were talks going on between ABC and Walgreens on the potential buyout of the rest of ABC that you don't currently own? Just curious again, just to throw it out there. Thanks.
Alexander Gourlay: We don't comment on any market speculation.
Stefano Pessina: Maybe people are curious about that.
Steve Valiquette: Yes, now you're right about that.
Stefano Pessina: People are so curious that we too -- we have become curious reading the press.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Cherny from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: So I want to go back to Lisa's question little bit regarding the store of the future; I think Stefano you talked about some of the changes you're seeing globally. As you think about the positioning of where the stores are right now along some of the partnerships you're doing whether it's with Lab Corp [ph] but you know, is my expressed business. How do you think about the transition of that moving target in terms of staying ahead of whatever you think the consumer might demand in the future versus the investments that you're making now to make sure that you can react to those demands?
Stefano Pessina: With an additional service you can offer apart from that these additional services represent an additional source of revenue and profit which of course is not irrelevant but apart from that, it's clear that most services we'd be able to offer, the easier would be to catch the customers, to keep the customers review. Just probably in future you will have to offer your services in much more sophisticated way and knowing more about your service or your customers being able to anticipate what the customers will need. All things that everybody says today but of course it is necessary to repay the company for this preparation or it's quite a complicated one. This doesn't mean that we don't have to expand and to lead in the world of today and we have to do whatever we can to improve the efficiency, to improve the profitability of our company. The two things are not excluding; I was asking -- the way I was asked before, I would see that pharmacy in 5-10 years in future, I have seen pharmacy under stores and store -- quite different from now. But of course if now we could do a good deal with someone at reasonable terms, where we could see a substantial return, not just in earnings per share but also in IRR-- also in ADA [ph], cash return, we would be delighted to do it.
Michael Cherny: And then George, one just quick clarification question on the tax savings; I'm not a CPA, so I won't admit that I'm an expert here. But if you think about the difference between the original $200 million cash tax benefit, it's led to about $0.30 to $0.35 based on your previous guidance. The guidance for the midpoint in terms of the official change was $0.37, you increased that tax benefit by $150 million, how do we think about the bridge in terms of those two numbers?
George Fairweather: I mean they are essentially two quite different numbers because of the way the tax law is structured. The way I would try and think about, if you think about the rate then -- and what the rate is, I think the best way of looking at it is that the half year adjusted effective tax rate and that came in at 20.3%. And within that we had a discrete charge of about 0.5%, so that in effect says that for this year we anticipate -- because the half year is based on a forecast, for full year you should be thinking around the 20% mark, plus or minus for whatever discreet end up at being. In terms of the cash tax this year, when we first set the estimates, it was very quick after the law was enacted and some of the details on timing and other things have really only come out since that time, and we certainly were always very careful before we published numbers that we're absolutely sure that we're clear the numbers are really good estimates that we always feel comfortable before publishing, and so that's really what's driven the increases. And then I also talked a little bit about the deferred tax and repatriation tax and again that's just taken us a little bit of time to work through to publish the estimates that we've put in our numbers today. I'm afraid it's really quite complex and of course, as I said in the prepared remarks, because of our fiscal year starting 4 months before the tax reform came into place, then when you're thinking about next year, you have to remember that we'll obviously have a full year of the numbers. But everything, all the numbers I'd stressed are provisional under the accounting we have 12 months to finalize this and of course we're overtime, increasingly seeing more clarification from authorities on exactly how to interpret the various changes that have come in at a very, very short period of time.
Michael Cherny: So the 20% -- I just apologize for this -- should be a good tax rate for the second half of the year or the annualized full rate? I just want to make sure we get this quick.
George Fairweather: I mean, as a proxy, the way the accounting works; for the first half of the year you have to -- businesses have to forecast your full year rate before discreet and not based on your forecast and that is what you use for the half year. So the half year rate is a good indication but it can vary obviously depending on the mix. In the second half it's different versus what we forecasted internally this time and it can also change depending on the discreet which of course, vary quarter by quarter; some quarters they could be positive, some quarters it could be charged.
Operator: And our final question comes from Eric Percher from Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: So as the discussion on consolidation brought to bear, it sounds like you would expect that there will be some pressure overtime on volume and reimbursement but that's a reasonable expectation, you would do the same. I wanted to get your thoughts on relative to the commentary on both, past 3 years what you've seen in share gain and reimbursement. How do you view the steady state of growth? What do you think the opportunities are for growth over the next 3 -- do they look similar given those headwinds on consolidation? And then on reimbursement pressure, are we at a point where your relationships have evolved to a place where there may not be as much pressure as we've seen in the last couple of years?
Alexander Gourlay: I think it's always hard to have a crystal ball over 3 years but yes, we are assuming that we have the same opportunity to grow as we have done the last 3 years. So I think in terms of volume, that would be a reasonable assumption to take. In terms of margin pressure, it's harder to anticipate at the moment but we see the same trends right now, so as we build and think forward and think about how we are preparing the business for the future as Stefano mentioned earlier within the pharmacy, we're looking for similar reimbursement pressure as the past, will ebb and flow a bit year to year, but there is no indication there is going to be any materially different. What is going to be different we think is the ability to take care of customers better and link them better to a total offer. Going forward, we mentioned quite a lot about our investments in data and technology and we're doing that for a reason which is to try include a more joined up experience for our customers and we see pharmacy as the area where we have got in the next 3 years probably more opportunity going forward. So I would be happy to see the future in pharmacy in the next 3 years.
Eric Percher: On that investment I heard you speak to data and efficiency; I would think that your peers are also going to be looking at clinical capabilities to make these transactions impact cost. What is your view on investment today and the ability to impact the pharmacists enabled in this part of the care team?
Alexander Gourlay: We see it the same way. I'll go back to what Stefano said many times and I agree with this, which is you don't have to be vertically integrated to be able to provide the same services to the payers, as well as to the patients. So you can assume with the investments we're making that we are going down the same route and of course we're getting there as I said already in my prepared remarks, and we're in a pretty decent shape at the moment.
Eric Percher: And I just wanted to squeeze in the $90 million legal benefit this quarter, could you just define that for us?
Alexander Gourlay: We really have nothing else to add to that Eric. I mean I know obviously we can't speak about it, it is what it is, so we have nothing else to add.
George Fairweather: At some places as you can see, it's just -- it's an accrual related to ongoing U.S. regulatory models.
Stefano Pessina: We have our ways to review carefully the potential risks that we have and we are account for consistently what we see.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gerald Gradwell for any closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, thank you all for your questions. As I mentioned in the beginning, this was a new format in the presentation for us, so while we're talking to -- anyone who wishes to talk to us, afterwards the IR team are all here, Ashish, Debra, Jay, Patrick and myself to take your questions over the next few days and any feedback you have on the presentation format will be much appreciated as well. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP of IR George Fairweather - Executive VP & Global CFO Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman & CEO Alexander Gourlay - Co-Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JPMorgan George Hill - RBC Capital Markets Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Alvin Concepcion - Citi Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all percipients are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct and question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Gerald Gradwell, President, Investor Relations and Special Projects. Sir, you may begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Hello, and welcome to our earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our results as usual. Alex Gourlay, Co Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance is also here and will join us for questions. You'll find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in our assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for the risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures and related information. I'll now hand over to George to take you through the numbers.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Gerald. Overall in the quarter, we have delivered strong business performance both in terms of adjusted profit and cash flow, which gives us a good foundation for what we expect to be a solid year. We are particularly pleased with the continued growth in U.S. pharmacy volume and market share. We recognize, of course, that our GAAP numbers have been significantly impacted by some notable special items, which I'll talk about in a moment. During the quarter, we completed the $5 billion share buyback program announced in June plus the additional $1 billion expansion announced on our last earnings call. Of course, our other development was Rite Aid regulatory clearance in September. In October, we started to acquire our first stores. This has gone well, and by the end of December, we have bought a total of 357 stores. Since the quarter end, we have announced our agreement to acquire a 40% minority stake in GuoDa, a leading Chinese retail pharmacy chain with over 3,500 pharmacies across 70 cities. While this transaction in the context of the group is relatively small, we believe it has significant potential for the future. We have also announced an agreement to reduce our investment in our wholesale partner, Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation, giving us a cash-on-cash return of 3.6 times. This will leave us with a 20% interest in this successful partnership. Both transactions are, of course, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. Moving on to guidance. Today, we have raised the lower end of our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2018 by $0.05. So now, I'll take you through our results for the quarter. Sales for the quarter were $30.7 billion, up 7.9% versus the comparable quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 7.2%. Currency was moderately favorable, the U.S. dollar being around 5% weaker versus sterling than in the comparable quarter last year. GAAP operating income was $1.3 billion, down 8.6% versus the comparable quarter. Adjusted operating income was $1.8 billion, up 4.8% and up 4.4% in constant currency. This quarter, GAAP operating income was adversely impacted by our share of AmerisourceBergen's litigation accrual as reported in their last quarter results and by the hurricane-related storm damage and store closures, which I highlighted back in October. We estimate the trading impact of the hurricanes to be around $90 million of sales and a few cents of adjusted EPS. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $821 million, down 22.1%. This quarter's number was also adversely impacted by an impairment of our equity method investment in Guangzhou to reflect the fair value of our entire holding. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.3 billion, up 7.8%; and in constant currency up 7.2%. Diluted net earnings per share benefited from the lower number of shares in issue. As a result, GAAP diluted net earnings per share were $0.81, down 16.5%. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.28, up 16.4%; and in constant currency, up 15.5%. The adjusted effective tax rate, which we calculate excluding the equity income from AmerisourceBergen, was 24.9%. Our core tax rate, which excludes discrete tax impact, was marginally higher than in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. So turning now to the performance of our segments, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $22.5 billion, up 8.9% over the year-ago quarter, comparable store sales increasing by 4.7%. Adjusted gross profit was $5.7 billion, up 3.7% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting an increase in both pharmacy and retail. Adjusted SG&A was 19.2% of sales, an improvement of 1.2 percentage points compared to the year ago quarter. SG&A expense was higher than in the fourth quarter in part due to the normal seasonal activity. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has improved versus comparable quarters for 18 consecutive quarters. Adjusted operating margin was 6.1%, down 0.1 percentage points, resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.4 billion up 6.8%. So now let's look in more detail at pharmacy. U.S. pharmacy total sales were up 14.1%. We filled 260 million prescriptions on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations, an increase of 9.5%. We have now reached a significant milestone, exceeding 1 billion scripts for the first time on a 30-day adjusted and rolling annual basis. In the quarter, over 20% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels, demonstrating the impact of the work that we are doing to improve our digital capabilities. This includes the progressive enhancement of the Walgreens' mobile app, which has been downloaded over 50 million times since its launch and has a 5-star customer rating on the U.S. Apple app store. This growth in script volumes led to our reported market share of retail prescriptions in the quarter on the usual 30-day adjusted basis being 20.6%, up approximately 110 basis points over the year-ago quarter. So turning back to sales. On a comparable basis for stores, which excludes central specialty and mail, pharmacy sales increased by 7.4%, with scripts filled up 8.9%. This was primarily due to strong volume growth from Medicare Part D and the positive impact of our strategic pharmacy partnerships. Within sales, volume growth, mix and brand inflation were partially offset by reimbursement pressure and the impact of generics. A higher proportion of specialty adversely impacted pharmacy gross margin by around 140 basis points. These factors combined resulted in higher pharmacy gross profit.  Total retail sales were 2.8% lower than in the same quarter last year. Comparable retail sales were down 0.9% in the quarter partly due to changes to our promotional plans, which I spoke about last quarter, as we continued to focus on delivering improved margins. This was a lower rate of sales decline than we saw in the fourth quarter last year. Declines in consumables and general merchandise and the personal care categories were partially offset by comp sales growth in the health and wellness and beauty categories. This is the sixth consecutive quarter that we've delivered comparable sales growth in both the health and wellness and beauty categories. Gross margin and gross profit this quarter were positively impacted by the changes to promotions I just mentioned and by improved mix as we increasingly focus on higher-margin categories. The beauty category today represents around 9% of total retail sales. As discussed in prior quarters, we continue to invest in our beauty differentiation program and are encouraged by the results. As well as developing our offering of own brands, we have now completed the introduction of our enhanced beauty offering to over 1,000 additional stores, bringing the total number of stores with this offering to around 2,900. I'm pleased to report that during the first quarter, the beauty differentiation stores performed stronger than in prior quarters. Beauty category sales in these stores continued to be markedly better than in other stores, resulting in higher retail gross margin and higher comparable retail sales. As I mentioned on the last earnings call, in the last quarter, we launched our brand-new skin care range, Your Good Skin. This is now being rolled out to all our beauty differentiation stores. Following the success of the program, we have now extended No7 and Soap & Glory to over 4,400 Walgreens stores. Given how well our beauty offering has been received, we are working to widen the range of products offered in our beauty differentiation initiative. Before turning to Rite Aid, I just wanted to make a comment on December. Since the quarter end, in pharmacy, we continued to deliver strong growth in prescription volume as we began to annualize pharmacy contracts that contributed to fiscal 2017 volume growth. In retail, while our December comparable sales were lower than in December last year, we delivered a strong performance in our important health and wellness category. Turning now to Rite Aid. During the latter part of the quarter, we acquired 97 Rite Aid stores and [are part of] the 260 stores in December. As we've said before, we are acquiring stores in phases, with completion anticipated in the spring. This will be followed by the transfer of the 3 distribution centers at a later date. And as we've also said, in terms of our store optimization program, we plan to close approximately 600 stores and related assets over an 18-month period, beginning in spring 2018. Our assumptions on synergies, store optimization, timing, costs and expected savings are as previously announced. So now let's look at the results of the Retail Pharmacy International division. Sales for the division were $3.1 billion, up 4.1%; and in constant currency, down 0.8%. Comparable store sales decreased 0.7% in constant currency. Comparable pharmacy sales were down 0.1% and comparable retail sales decreased 1%, both on a constant-currency basis. In Boots U.K., comparable pharmacy sales were up 0.1% mainly due to temporary price rises caused by shortages in certain generic drugs. Boots U.K.'s comparable retail sales were 1.4% lower in a challenging marketplace. Adjusted gross profit for the division was down 0.8% in constant currency to $1.2 billion due to both lower pharmacy and retail gross profit. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales on a constant-currency basis was 0.3 percentage points higher at 32.9%. On an absolute basis, adjusted SG&A dollars were broadly flat. Adjusted operating margin was 6.8%, down 0.4 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $210 million, a decrease of 5.6% in constant currency and down 1.4% on a reported basis. Since the quarter end, as we expected, trading has continued to be challenging. However, we are managing our businesses to address this trading environment both in terms of promotional efficiency and costs. As a result, we remain optimistic about our future prospects. Now let's look at our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5.7 billion, up 4.5% versus the same quarter last year on a constant-currency basis. This was behind our estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales due to challenging market conditions in certain Continental European countries, partially offset by strong performance in emerging markets. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes ABC, was 2.6%, down 0.5 percentage points on a constant-currency basis but in line with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. This was mainly due to a combination of cost inflationary pressures and lower gross margin, including some generic procurement pressures. Our share of adjusted earnings in ABC was $77 million, up $19 million versus the same quarter last year, mainly due to our increased level of ownership. Adjusted operating income for the division was $224 million, up 0.4% versus the same quarter last year in constant currency. So turning next to capital allocation. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $961 million. Our working capital outflow was $745 million. This reflected our seasonal build in inventories, which was substantially lower than in the comparable quarter due to actions we have taken to reduce inventory days in the U.S. Cash capital expenditure in the quarter was $378 million. We continue to invest in key areas to develop our core customer proposition, including our stores and U.S. beauty program as well as the upgrades to our IT systems, which we've previously talked about. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow for the quarter of $583 million, an increase of $436 million versus the same quarter last year. So turning now to guidance for fiscal 2018. We have raised the lower-end level of our guidance and now expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $5.45 to $5.70. As usual, this guidance is based on current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. And as we've said before, we do not expect Rite Aid to significantly impact this year's adjusted diluted net earnings per share. In addition, our guidance does not take into account the recent changes to U.S. tax law that have just occurred. Once the detailed tax guidance for the new law has been published, companies such as ours will be able to quantify the full impact, and we will, of course, update our guidance accordingly. Based on our initial assessment, we believe that these changes will have a positive effect on cash taxes. As in the past, if changes in tax legislation result in material changes to balance sheet provisions, we will adjust for these. Our tax team are working through all this ahead of 2Q results. And finally, thinking about the phasing. As I've said on our last earnings call, we expect the year to be more balanced between the two halves than in fiscal 2017. I will now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. As you can see, it has been a strong start to the year. Our strategy of geographic and commercial diversification continues to serve us well, giving us both scale and presence while managing our relationship with the pharmaceutical manufacturers and diversity to help us manage the downturns of the business cycle in any individual geographical market. That said, we do not just sit passively. We actively seek opportunities that the changes in our markets offer. Most recently, we have announced our change of emphasis in China. We have been involved in China for some time, as they all say there, with strong local partner. But following regulatory changes, we have taken some time to assess the market and review our position. As a result, as George has said earlier, we are taking a significant stake in GuoDa, a leading Chinese retail pharmacy chain, in a strategic partnership arrangement indirectly with the Chinese state itself. This will help us to participate more actively in the retail pharmacy sector. I am pleased to say that we have been able to do this transaction on terms that recognize the significant benefit that this strategic partnership will bring to GuoDa. Around the same time, we announced an agreement to reduce our stake in our main wholesale partner in China, providing them with greater freedom to pursue other routes to develop their business. Although, as you have seen, we have taken an impairment charge on this investment, our holding overall has generated a very good return. We remain committed to our wholesale partners in China and maintain a significant interest in them both, but we believe that we are now best served by focusing on the opportunity that the partnership in retail offers. We are very excited about the potential of the Chinese market. As with every country we operate in, health care and personal care are very culturally-specific sectors, and we are convinced that our strategy of entering markets through strong local partners with excellent local management teams is the best approach. But of course, I know, quite understandably, that your focus is on more Western markets and the U.S.A in particular. The U.S. continues to be a very dynamic market with a lot going on and many changes underway. We have been contemplating some of these changes for a while. As most of you will know, I have been convinced of the benefit of vertical integration in the U.S. health care system for many years. I do not, however, believe that vertical integration can necessarily then be achieved only through ownership or within a single entity. Much can be achieved through close partnerships and collaboration. Looking at the U.S., it is very important to remember that we are partway through a process of transformation. I believe this will set our business in the U.S. on a path of growth for the future. I know many of you have heard this before, but it is still relevant, and I think, sometimes, the significance of the work we are doing gets overlooked. As you know, the process of transformation began with a review and denouncing of the Walgreen business. Cost cutting was an important first step. A lot has already been done in this regard, and this work, together with an ongoing strict discipline on costs, has given us the runway to begin the process of reinventing Walgreens while, at the same time, delivering good results. We are now well underway with our work to upgrade the existing Walgreens business model in pharmacy and in retail. We have been going through a process of fine-tuning throughout the U.S. business. In pharmacy, we have adjusted pricing on our commercial contracts to bring them more aligned with the rest of the market and, in doing so, have generated significant net growth in prescription volume to our dispensaries. In retail, we have continued with the detailed and selective refinement of our merchandising, products and service offerings. I believe we are about halfway through this process, and the benefit it is bringing are, again, helping us continue our track record of growth while we develop, trial, assess and then roll out our vision for the future of Walgreens in the U.S. market. So the third phase in our transformation is to rethink our business model to adapt to changing market and changing customer behavior and look ahead to the future of the U.S. business. We are already extensively working on this at the same time as continuing to optimize the business that we have today. We have made a lot of progress in defining what our stores should look like in the future. You will hear a lot more about this during 2018. We are researching and analyzing our customers that are shopping in our stores to understand the true profitability of each category and area of business and what our patients, payers and customers want from us. We have been working hard to put in place the relationship we need to offer a range of health care services seamlessly across the group alongside a far more focused and differentiated retail offering. There is no doubt that the complete transformation will take time to achieve, but I believe we have the potential to do a great deal more with our core assets, particularly given our physical presence and the strong position this gives us in the community, our scale and the purchasing power this gives us and our unique global brands. As you know, over the past few years, we have been conducting pilot studies in certain U.S. stores to test our merchandising, format, supply chains and beauty propositions and a number of new initiatives and partnerships. In 2018, you will see us deploy the first pilot stores incorporating all the work we have done to date in a single store format. We will study the results in depth and fine-tune the format before rolling this new concept out under the ongoing store rejuvenation initiative and within our current capital plan. However, this is about much more than just our retail offering. It is about rethinking and redefining our presence in and relevance to the communities we serve, and that requires us to rethink our supply chains, the services we offer to our customers and how we deliver those services. This is why strategic partnerships, like the one we have done with FedEx, are so important. It gives us an additional role in the community. It provides flexibility in how we physically move things in and out of our stores, and that creates a completely new way of thinking about how we interact with our patients and our customers. As I say, you will be hearing more from us over time about all of these areas, but behind all of these is a recognition that our best opportunity to grow our business is also our best defense against new competition or changes in our marketplace. Quite simply, we need to offer the best pharmacy service. Being a differentiated retailer and providing services and convenience are the value propositions that keep us relevant to the communities we serve. In doing this, we must make sure that we provide the goods and services that payers and customers want. We must do this across all channels in an integrated manner and to uniformly high standards. We must be agnostic about how they wish to interact with us. That is key. A payer should know that whatever they want or need in terms of services to their patients, we can provide it, provide it well and at a competitive price. A patient or customer should know that however they choose to interact with Walgreens, in person, online or even through a third party, they will get quality products and services at competitive prices, delivered to them directly or via a partner in the way they want, when they want and where they want. To do that, we must actively manage our business, our cost base, our product size, our services and our partnership. We must ensure our people and our company, they all can match or beat our competition in all areas, and we must do this without faltering in our delivery to our owners in this venture. That is all big picture, very relevant and in total future, but in the more immediate term, we have a lot to do in the year ahead. However, we are facing tough market condition. And as ever, there are many challenges to be addressed in our business and in our markets, but we are more than up to the challenge and I am excited for the year ahead and for the years to come. With a strong first quarter, which, as George says, give us a good foundation for a solid performance. For the year as a whole, I remain as confident as ever in this business looking forward. Thank you. I will now hand you back to Gerald for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. And good morning. I was wondering if maybe you could just comment on 2018 around preferred relationships. I know, on the last quarter call, you anticipated that scripts would be up in calendar '18. But now that we know where things have shaken out as far as Part D participants go for 2018 as well as the commercial market, can you just give us updated thoughts around that?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Lisa, it's Alex here. Yes. I don't think we have much to add. We still see the same position as we saw in the last update. We are confident we will grow in 2018, and we're also very confident about the customer care we're providing to our partners. That's actually helping to make customers more sticky and grow and stay with us as well. So nothing really more to add to that. The numbers we gave seem consistent with what we've seen since. And of course, we'll give a further update when we have the total market available, probably sometime in April, May or June, as it becomes much clearer.
Lisa Gill: And how do we think about the margin then on that business? I mean, any changes to 1/1/18 around any of your payer or PBM relationships?
Alexander Gourlay: Again, we don't disclose, as you know, the commercial contracts. We speak all the time about pharmacy reimbursement pressures, so that continues to be a feature of the Med D market. We manage our price to the marketplace, and we do that very carefully. And we're confident that we can sustain the appropriate margin with the volume we've got. Some of the contracts that we became less excited in, of course, we have improved the payment. And of course, some of the contracts stepping down is normal this time of year. So overall, we feel okay about the margin. It's pretty much on trend.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then if I - I'm sorry, go ahead.
Stefano Pessina: You see, when we approve a new contract, of course, we make sure that we can afford the contracts. And so if we give some additional discounts, if we could use our margin from one side, we analyze during the contract where we can recover all or most of the margins that we are giving away. And this is why our results are quite consistent overall, and this is why we are not losing dramatically or at all in our bottom line, in our operating -- overall operating margin, adjusted operating margin, because every contract is studied and approved if we understand or know how to compensate for what we have to give.
Lisa Gill: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then just lastly, George, you talked about the U.S. tax rate obviously being a positive. Is there any way to think about how to quantify this early on? I mean, by our math, it could be nicely positive for you, somewhere in the range of maybe $0.40 or $0.50. Is that a number that would be close to how you're thinking about it?
George Fairweather: Look, where we are, as I said in the prepared comments, is that we're still -- the tax team is still working through this. Obviously, all -- the full details are still in the process of being published, so it would be premature to make any sort of financial comments from our perspective at this point. I mean, for me, the key issue that I'm always focused is -- on is the cash taxes. And as I -- again, as I said in the prepared comments, we'd expect a positive effect on cash taxes. But it's worth remembering, of course, that we are a multinational. It's much simpler for some of the domestic companies to give a fairly quick and dirty estimate. But for us, it takes a little bit of time to work through, and that's what we're doing. But we'll update you in the second quarter, as, again, I said on the prepared comments.
Lisa Gill: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Hill with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
George Hill: Good morning, guys. And thanks for taking the question. Alex, I want to drill on this something that you made a comment about. It sounded like you talked about a more challenging procurement environment as it related to generic drugs. I guess, could you throw a little more color on that, tell us what's driving and talk about whether that was specific to the ex-U.S. business? Or is that something that's kind of having a global impact?
Alexander Gourlay: George, no, I didn't say - I apologize. Sometimes my accent is a bit hard to pick up. I didn't say that at all. But on the comment on generics, we're really seeing a very similar trend in the marketplace. So we're seeing deflation. Obviously, the market's a bit consolidated, and we feel good about the work of our colleagues in Walgreens Boots Alliance development and we feel confident. We work with manufacturers in a very consistent way and over time, so no change. I apologize if my remarks were picked up wrongly. We're seeing the same trend, and we feel good about the capability we have to manage this well in this marketplace.
George Hill: No. And then - I apologize for mishearing you. And then maybe, I guess, a follow-up for you and for Stefano would be - I know that we're not even through the Rite Aid acquisition yet, but you talked about some of the growth initiatives and the new store format. I guess, with 90-ish percent plus beneficiary coverage in the United States, macro script growth is slowing down. Aside from engaging in a battle for market share with your largest pharmacy competitor, what do you guys see as the best opportunities to continue to monetize the box or generate earnings in the box? Or where is the whitespace for growth kind of as we think about the next leg for the company beyond the roll-on of the CVS stores in first half of '18? And I'm thinking about this more from a top line perspective as opposed to a margin or synergy perspective?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. So again, we are working - as Stefano said in his concluding remarks, we are working really hard to rethink and redesign the box. And we've been doing this really for a number of years with a number of tests and trials. And some of them would be -- just to give you an example, beauty differentiation's the best example, but many others like the mobile app who we have - again, George in his remarks announced 50 million downloads and a 5-star app. So we're putting all of this together in a single-format trial. Some time later on this year, we'll give more details as we step into it. And we feel very confident that, that box, that single format, we will be able to generate more value from that in the immediate and long-term. The data we're seeing, as we develop our ability to use [indiscernible] data in a different way, particularly in the front end, we are very confident about as we re-merchandise and simplify and make sure that we have a differentiated offer. We've been doing all of that, of course, not just to Walgreens but into the Rite Aid stores that we have acquired. And last but not least, we feel good about our access strategy. Again, the numbers are very clear, 1 billion prescriptions for the first time ever in Walgreens. And we think we can continue to grow volume by giving good value and great care.
George Hill: Okay. And maybe just the last tack-on would be, as I think about the new format, it probably includes the clinic model, it includes beauty, it might include the LabCorp demos. Is there any other, what I would call, customer magnet or customer-facing components to the new format we should be thinking about?
Stefano Pessina: Listen, we have a clear model, and we are doing certain trials. And we are, let's say, finalizing agreements with certain partners. But you will understand that we cannot present a full model today. As we said, you will hear more from us during this year, during 2018, at the end of the year, but some of the things that we are doing are commercially sensitive, as you can imagine. So you can be assured that, in our box, you will find all the things that we have been talking about until now and, I hope, something more.
George Hill: Great. I look forward. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Glen Santangelo: Hi, thanks. And good morning. I just want to follow up on a couple of things. First, on the margin question, when you look at sort of your gross margins in your U.S. retail business, obviously, they continue to come down. And as you anniversary some of those commercial wins here as we look forward to 2018, I understand you don't want to give any sort of specific margin guidance going forward, but just how do you generally think about the reimbursement environment? Do you think we're in an environment where margins will continue to come down, given the competitive nature of the business and the pressure from the PBM and so the goal is ultimately to grow revenues and try to cut SG&A to be able to grow? Or do you think we get to an environment where margins eventually stabilize in this business?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Glen, it's Alex here. Again, I think, specifically, in this period, remember the prepared remarks George made about the specialty mix, which was 140 basis points. And as you also recall, we announced with our partners, Prime, through AllianceRx, the successful FEP contract which kicks off in this quarter we're in - or in the last quarter. So that mix is quite important as you look at the margin. But more in a long-term trend, we expect to see the long-term trends remain the same, and we said that consistently. That hasn't -- our point of view hasn't changed. We expect to lever the same levers which we've successfully used and will continue to use, costs, cost of goods, developing this front-end margin in a way that we described in the previous question and, importantly, volume. Again, we do believe that we are able to drive volume through our pharmacies in the way we've done in the last 2 years as well. These are all levers we will use to ensure that we drive gross profit dollars and adjusted operating margin -- adjusted operating income, sorry, in the business. 
Glen Santangelo: And then maybe, if I could just expand that. Any comments on the reimbursement outlook over in Europe? Given some of the challenges we faced this year, as we head into calendar '18, comps should ease. I mean, do you expect that to be meaningful?
Alexander Gourlay: Again, I can comment specifically on the U.K., which is our main pharmacy business. Of course, in Europe -- we have many other businesses in Europe, but this is the main pharmacy business. The government have taken a large amount of money out. We've been very clear on that and went to the second phase of VAT. And this is something that is a cycle, as mentioned by Stefano before. Almost every decade this happens in the U.K. And we're managing our business appropriately. The pharmacy business is very important to our brand and to our customers in the U.K. and we have the scale and we have the presence to manage this appropriately. So again, it's a tough environment in this period because the government action has been beyond normal. That will come back to normal action in the future years again, and we remain confident we can manage it in that cycle.
Stefano Pessina: But you see, in Europe, we are used to it because in all the European countries, I would say, for the last 20 years maybe, we have seen the government pushing down the margins of the pharmacies, the margin of the distribution. So it's a part of the business, and we know how to react and we react. And of course, in Europe there had been a great consolidation, there had been a great improvement of the efficiency of all the operators. Now generally, this is quite -- it goes through, I would say, quite smoothly. We see some shock today -- in this year mainly, I would say, for the Brexit because this has created a lot of instability not just in U.K. but also in the rest of Europe. And also, the strong FX, we were not used to see the pound depreciate 20% in 1 day or 2 days. We had very big depreciation in the past. We created the euro and the depreciation were much more under control. And to see again this big fluctuation and big depreciation has created an environment which was a little difficult to control. Now these things are coming back slowly into normality, and all the business will come back to normality. But this might be considered quite an exceptional situation overall in Europe. And you see that after all, we and the other operators, in spite of these big changes, have been able to -- in constant currency, have been able to stay more or less where they were before. They are all about there.
Glen Santangelo: I appreciate that. Maybe lastly, just on the capital allocation. You decided to pull some of the repo forward here in the current quarter. I understand you still have some authorization outstanding, but do you expect to sort of back that off as we look out to the balance of the fiscal year or do you expect to continue to be active in that regard? And then I'll stop. Thanks very much.
George Fairweather: We completed the $6 billion program. And so other than sort of our normal anti-dilutive program that, obviously, is something that continues on an ongoing basis, we have no authorizations out at the moment for additional share repurchase programs. Obviously, we continue to review our overall position to have an efficient balance sheet, as you will have seen from our track record.
Stefano Pessina: You understand -- Stefano here. You understand that we produce a lot of cash every year. And you have seen this in the last year, we have increased substantially the cash we're able to create. And of course, we have to use this cash, either we have to do some external acquisition or we have to buy back shares or we have to increase the dividend. But we have, in any case, to use this cash. We have found ourselves in an awkward situation because we have done -- or we intended to do an acquisition and we have to put the money aside for the acquisition. And after, the acquisition was smaller than anticipated and later, so we had some cash to deploy and we have decided to buy back shares. We hope that we will not find ourselves in a similar situation in future. And we will be able to deploy our cash in a more orderly fashion in future. But for sure, we believe that we don't see any reason why we should not produce the same or more cash in future. Well, of course, this cash has to be utilized or given back to the shareholders.
Glen Santangelo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alvin Concepcion with Citi. Your line is open.
Alvin Concepcion: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask about tax reform again. I know you don't want to quantify at this time, but what do you plan to do with the benefit? You just talked about external acquisition. Does this accelerate your time line or plans for an acquisition? Or do you assume most of this just gets considered away?
George Fairweather: Well, I think, as we all know, the tax reform has got the potential to help companies such as ours invest, whether that's jobs, equipment, facilities, to grow the economy and open up new opportunities really for Americans across the country. And from our perspective, again, as I said in our prepared comments, we're continuing to invest in the U.S., here in our Walgreens business and our core customer proposition. And very importantly, as you also know, we're planning to invest substantially in the Rite Aid assets post acquisition completion and the big conversion program that we've got to convert the stores to Walgreens. So we welcome the tax reform and see this as reinforcing our opportunities to invest here in the United States.
Alvin Concepcion: And just a question on M&A. I mean, you mentioned vertical integration has many benefits. Does this include managed care as part of your thinking? And what part of the supply chain do you think could benefit the most through integration? And also, what are your priorities, U.S., international? Is it more on the retail side or various parts of the supply chain?
George Fairweather: We continue to look at M&A opportunities in a very disciplined way. As always, when we are looking at the opportunity for new partnerships, we start with a partnership mentality and look at what the opportunity is and look at the best way to extract value for our shareholders. Sometimes that is just a good commercial arrangement. Sometimes, it's taking an equity-method investment or having a minority partner. And sometimes, it's 100% M&A. But we always start with the mindset of partnership and then, in a sense, what is the logical structure from a shareholder value point of view just really based on the opportunity and how best to deliver it. And we always approach M&A in a very financially disciplined way, and we're very clear on what our returns criteria are. And we continue to look for quantifiable synergies, real hard synergies underlying our key financial models. And then what we always do on top of that is look at the soft synergies, which are the ones one can not quantify but often create a lot of the long-term sustained shareholder value. We'll continue to look at opportunities here in the U.S. and internationally, but -- as you've seen and what we talked about earlier in China, but always in a very financially disciplined way. Clearly, the tax reform and some of the changes in the U.S. make the U.S., in some ways, a more attractive opportunity than it was prior to tax reform.
Alvin Concepcion: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. You noted another strong quarter on the same-store script growth, and I'd imagine that next quarter would be similar. But as you look out to the back half of the fiscal year when you begin to lap some of the market share gains, what kind of script growth or even declines should we be looking for given some of the competitive changes you've seen in the preferred Part D networks?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. As we said in the last quarter, we are very comfortable growth at the market or near the market next year. That's why don't see that as a problem given the changes that we have seen so far. And then on top of that, we do have the additional stores from Rite Aid coming in. It's non-organic, it's non organic growth as well, to help to drive our platform, our buying power and of course, our efficiency. So again, we have different ways of delivering growth. And as you've seen over the last few years, this growth is what we intend to do and I think that's a great example of how, as we move from one phase or maybe into another phase of growth with the same focus and the same intention. The last thing I would say is that we remain extremely committed to partnership in this sector as well. I believe that we provide great value, and I believe that our partners will see consistently us delivering for them what they need from this marketplace as it changes and becomes more competitive. So really, no change. We remain confident, and evident that we are growing in pharmacy this year compared to -- growing above the market this year compared to the previous year.
Robert Jones: Okay. I appreciate that. And then George, you made some comments on the performance in December, but I was hoping maybe you could just go back and break down what you were seeing relative to the performance in 1Q. I thought you had mentioned, I think it was you that might be - had mentioned something around generic procurement pressure, but I was just hoping you could elaborate on the December comments that you provided?
George Fairweather: The generic procurement pressure point, if I can just - was in relation to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, and we emphasize, when we're looking at our generics operation in terms of shareholder value and generic sourcing that we do out of Switzerland, we look at this very much and around as a whole. And whilst we were impacted in this quarter, as we were in the fourth quarter last year in wholesale, we're very pleased with the over performance of our generic sourcing operation. It's just sometimes where it falls and it can be  but I say it's the overall that we're really focused on. In terms of the U.S. obviously, we've just finished December, so we're just closing -- [Technical Difficulty] But what I was trying to do was give you the, a fairly -- [Technical Difficulty] level overview of the performance. And as I said, in the U.S., in pharmacy, you saw strong growth in prescription volume in Q1. As I said in the prepared remarks, we continue to deliver strong growth in prescription volume in December and it's worth reminding ourselves, that we're beginning to annualize the pharmacy contracts that contributed to the fiscal 2017, what's really building on what Alex has just been saying. And then in retail in Walgreens, again as I said, where our comparable December sales were lower than December last year, and it's worth remembering obviously, what I said in Q1. Again, what's really important for us was we delivered a strong performance in our important health and wellness categories. So that's really the sort of the December story. And then in looking back looking into Europe, the, as again, as what I indicated, it was relatively tough trading in December, particularly Boots in the U.K. And that's no different. I believe we're starting to see in the preliminary figures that are [Technical Difficulty] from some of the other large High Street-based retailers in the U.K.
Robert Jones: Got it. Thanks for all that clarification. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question. Our last question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask if you could give us some color or comments on any improvement you're seeing in the stores that have rolled out sort of higher-acuity health care services, whether it's MedExpress in your partnership with United, or the clinics that you've sold to some of the health systems such as Vanderbilt here in Nashville. And then how far do you think you can push that MedExpress opportunity in terms of rolling that out?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi John -- hi Brian, sorry, it's Alex here. I think that -- we're really pleased with the tests we have. It's a strong model, it's a good brand. It's really link, to be honest, to know the success of this. So far, so good, then we'll update you when we have more information and more confidence in the overall model. It would make sense, from a customer point of view, that you can pop into a convenient location, that we have the, a, corners across America, everybody knows that, the best corners in America. So it makes sense from a customer and patient point of view that you can go in and get yourselves sorted, when you have an accident or when you need a medical or something of that type, which is what MedExpress does. So, so far, so good, but very early on and related to give any information that would really make a bit of a narrative, to be honest. I think in terms of the clinics, I mean, we're really pleased with the partnerships we've got there. They are local, which is important to the health systems. We are providing different services depending on what we want to do and what the local needs are, and it fit really well into Walgreens' brand. And of course, as we said, when we did these partnerships, we have the opportunity of providing more pharmacy services to the health care systems alongside that, which is the bit that you don't always see. So again, these are more mature. We are performing exactly as we wanted to. They are different from location to location, bringing added value to customers and driving - [Technical Difficulty] of a relationship in our pharmacy business with important health care partners.
Brian Tanquilut: Just a quick follow-up to that, as I think about the FedEx rollout. I mean, you already rolled out, across a big base of stores. So how should I think about how you view that as a defensive strategy perhaps, or as a way to drive margin and volume into the stores?
Alexander Gourlay: This is absolutely not a defensive strategy. We have got a fantastic supply chain. We are situated closer to America's rooftops [ph] than any other retail brand, and we've got a -[Technical Difficulty] and pharmacists inside that retail brand. So this is about us definitely -[Technical Difficulty] As redefining the promptness of -[Technical Difficulty] Locations across America. This is not a defensive, and FedEx have been fantastic partners, and we're really pleased, the progress we've made, particularly in the holiday season.
Brian Tanquilut: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Gerald Gradwell for any closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much, indeed. And thank you, everyone, for participating in the call. We look forward to speaking to you all again on our second quarter results in three months' time. And we hope to see you all over the next few weeks and months as we go out and about, and look to speak to our shareholders and the financial community. Thank you again. If you do have any further questions, please feel free to contact any of the IR here. We're around for the next few days. Thank you very much, indeed.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
Analysts: George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Bryan Ross - Jefferies LLC Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alvin Caezar Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kevin Caliendo - Needham & Co. LLC Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC Michael Otway - Wolfe Research LLC John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Gerald Gradwell - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hello, and welcome to our earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our results as usual. Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, is also here and will join us for questions. You'll find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to the appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. Before I hand you over to George to review our results, I would just like to draw your attention to the announcement made by CVS last night, in case anyone may not have seen it. CVS announced a new PBM, performance-based pharmacy network focused on reducing costs and improving clinical outcomes. Formed through a partnership between CVS pharmacy and Walgreens and including a number of community-based independently owned pharmacies across the United States, this initiative creates a 30,000 store network to service CVS's Caremark PBM clients and their members. As this new network has been announced since the year-end, we did not comment on it in the presentation of our results today, but we will be happy to take any questions you may have on it following our presentation. Given how much we have to cover today, our presentation will run slightly longer than usual, I am pleased to say only slightly. But we will still allow the full hour for questions at the end of the presentation. I will now hand you over to George to take you through the numbers.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thank you, Gerald. We have delivered a strong business performance in the year, both in terms of adjusted profit and cash flow despite currency headwinds and some challenging market conditions. In the fourth quarter, we recognized, of course, that our GAAP numbers have been significantly impacted by the Rite Aid-related costs, including the merger termination fees. However, overall, on an adjusted basis, the final quarter was better mainly due to U.S. pharmacy volumes and market share continuing to grow in line with our strategy. As you know, on 29th June, we announced a $5 billion share repurchase program. During the quarter, we purchased $3.8 billion of shares, and since the fiscal year-end, have completed the repurchases. In keeping with our commitment to operate as efficient a balance sheet as possible, we've decided to add an additional $1 billion to the program. This is in addition to our routine anti-dilutive share repurchases. Of course, our other recent news was Rite Aid regulatory clearance in September, which I'll come onto shortly. First, I will take you through our fourth quarter results. As we indicated throughout the year, we expected the fourth quarter to be particularly strong. As you can see, this is the case. Currency had a negative impact, the U.S. dollar being around 4.4% stronger versus sterling than in the comparable quarter last year. This impact was less significant than in the first three quarters. Sales for the quarter were $30.1 billion, up 5.3% versus the comparable quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 6.4%. GAAP operating income was $1.1 billion, a decrease of 2.3%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $802 million, down 22.1% and diluted EPS was $0.76. This was 20% lower than the comparable quarter last year due to Rite Aid-related costs, mainly merger termination fees. Adjusted operating income was $1.9 billion, up 21.2%, and in constant currency, up 22.3%. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.4 billion, up 18.8%, and in constant currency, up 19.1%. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.31, up 22.4%. The adjusted effective tax rate, which we calculate excluding the equity income from AmerisourceBergen, was 24.6%. This was 6.3 percentage points higher than in the same quarter last year. When you'll recall, we particularly benefited from positive discrete items. Our core tax rate, which excludes discrete tax impacts, was in line with our rate in the third quarter. So turning now to the performance of our segments, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $22.3 billion, up 7.5% over the year-ago quarter, comparable store sales increasing by 3.1%. Adjusted gross profit was $5.6 billion, up 4.3% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting an increase in both pharmacy and retail. Adjusted SG&A was 18.9% of sales, an improvement of 1.8 percentage points compared to the year-ago quarter. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales has improved versus comparable quarters for 17 consecutive quarters. Adjusted operating margin was 6.3%, up 1 percentage point, resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.4 billion, up 27.5%. So next, let's look in more detail at pharmacy. U.S. pharmacy total sales were up 12.6%. We filled 250.2 million prescriptions on a 30-day adjusted basis including immunizations, an increase of 9%. On a comparable basis for stores, which excludes central specialty, our pharmacy sales increased by 5.6% with scripts filled up 8.7%. This was primarily due to strong volume growth from Medicare Part D and the positive impact of our strategic pharmacy partnerships. Within sales, volume growth and brand inflation were partially offset by reimbursement pressure and the impact of generics. Our reported market share of retail prescriptions in the quarter on the usual 30-day adjusted basis was 20.5%, up approximately 120 basis points over the year-ago quarter. Total retail sales were down 3.9% on the same quarter last year. This includes the impact of the previously announced closure of certain e-commerce operations. Comparable retail sales were down 2.1% in the quarter, with declines in consumables and general merchandise and the personal care categories partially offset by growth in the beauty and health and wellness categories. Compared to prior quarters, comparable sales were lower, partially through changes to our promotional plans as we focused on delivering improved margins. Gross profit and margin were higher than in the same quarter last year, mainly due to actions we took in the fourth quarter last year to put in place foundations for long-term growth. In addition, margin was higher due to the changes to promotions, as I just mentioned, and improved mix as we increasingly focus on higher-margin categories. On the last call I told you that we were implementing a program in approximately 1,500 stores to simplify our offering and improve our retail operational performance. This program has now been completed and we're starting to see the early benefits, including ongoing efficiencies and reduced working capital. Our beauty differentiation program has driven profit and margin improvement as our own brands continued to perform well. Beauty category sales in beauty differentiation stores continued to be markedly better than in other stores, supported by strong sales growth of No7 and Soap & Glory. In line with our strategy of introducing new owned brands to our U.S. stores, we launched two terrific cosmetics brands during the quarter. CYO is our new and exciting makeup collection developed by Boots in Nottingham, which is designed to encourage our younger customers to be colorful and creative. We have, in addition, launched Sleek MakeUP in Walgreens stores and online after a successful launch in Boots two years ago. Sleek is one of our fastest-growing brands in the UK, with a young, ethnically diverse customer base. Since the year-end, we have launched a brand-new skincare range, YourGoodSkin, which is exclusive to Walgreens and Boots. Developed by our scientists, the product is designed to promote visibly healthier skin. As well as developing our offer of own brands, as I said on the last earnings call, we are introducing our enhanced beauty offering to over 1,000 additional stores. This program is expected to be completed in the next few weeks, bringing the total number of stores with the enhanced beauty offering to around 2,900. So now let's look at the results of the Retail Pharmacy International division. Sales for the division were $2.9 billion, down 0.4% in constant currency. Comparable store sales decreased 0.2% in constant currency. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 0.5% on a constant currency basis due to higher prescription volumes in the UK, with Boots UK comparable pharmacy sales up 1.2%. Comparable retail sales for the division decreased 0.5%, with Boots UK's comparable retail sales decreasing 1.3%. This was due to a decline across a number of product categories, with beauty being impacted by the timing of new product launches. We've continued our work on cost control in the quarter, while putting in place the foundations for future growth. Adjusted gross profit for the division was down 0.8% in constant currency to $1.2 billion, mainly due to lower retail gross profit. This was more than compensated by lower adjusted SG&A, which was down versus the year-ago quarter on a constant currency basis. As a percentage of sales, adjusted SG&A on a constant currency basis was 0.9 percentage points lower at 32.8%, reflecting work we have done to reduce costs, particularly in the UK. Adjusted operating margin was 8.9%, up 0.8 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $261 million, an increase of 8.9%, again, in constant currency. This was a much better performance than in the first three quarters due to the measures we've taken to reduce costs. So now let's look at our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5.4 billion, up 5.4% versus the same quarter last year on a constant currency basis. This was ahead of the company's estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of country wholesale sales, with growth in emerging markets and the UK being partially offset by challenging market conditions in Continental Europe. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes ABC, was 2.5%, down 0.3 percentage points on a constant currency basis. This was mainly due to lower gross margin, including some generic procurement pressures in the quarter. The division benefited from $84 million in adjusted earnings from ABC, up $34 million versus the same quarter last year, mainly due to our increased level of ownership. Adjusted operating income was $221 million, up 11.5% in constant currency. So now let me turn to the full year numbers for fiscal 2017. As I've said, this has been a strong financial year, with results coming in just above the top end of our guidance. In summary, GAAP diluted net earnings per share of $3.78 was down 1%. This decrease primarily reflects a number of special items, including, as I said previously, the Rite Aid merger termination fees. Importantly, our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 11.1% to $5.10, up 12.9% in constant currency. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23.2%. During the year, we particularly benefited from favorable discrete items. As ever, the tax rate also reflects the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings and the U.S. taxation of our non-U.S. entities. Operating cash flow was $2 billion in the quarter and $7.3 billion in the full fiscal year. Over the course of the year, our working capital inflow was $1.5 billion, reflecting improved payables and lower days inventory. As a result of our focus on driving working capital efficiency, over the last two years, we've generated $2.9 billion of positive cash flow. Cash capital expenditure in the quarter was $439 million. For the fiscal year, expenditure totaled $1.4 billion, which was broadly in line with last year. We continued to invest in key areas to develop our core customer proposition, including our stores and U.S. beauty program as well as the upgrades to our IT systems, which we've previously talked about. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow for the quarter of $1.6 billion and an impressive $5.9 billion in the full fiscal year. In addition to the share repurchase program, which I mentioned earlier, in the fourth quarter, we made early repayments of $2.6 billion of debt to further optimize our balance sheet. So turning next to Rite Aid. As you know, in September, we secured regulatory clearance for the purchase of 1,932 Rite Aid stores and related assets. We're delighted to be completing this transaction, which will extend our network, particularly in the Northeast and Southern states. In the past week, we've acquired the first stores to confirm the operational readiness of the key Rite Aid transitional IT systems. We will then begin acquiring stores in phases with completion anticipated in spring 2018. To deliver the full benefit of the acquisition, we must, of course, fully integrate and rebrand the retained stores into the Walgreens network. This is a relatively complex, time-consuming and costly process. Initially, Rite Aid is providing transitional services for all acquired stores. Over time, we will transfer these stores onto Walgreens' existing IT systems prior to rebranding as Walgreens with our full retail offer. We expect to complete the integration of the acquired stores and related assets within the next three years. The acquisition-related costs of this are estimated to be approximately $750 million. In addition, we plan to invest around $500 million in incremental capital expenditure on store conversions and related activities. As previously announced, we expect to realize synergies of over $300 million per annum, which we anticipate realizing within the next four years. Following regulatory clearance, we have been able to complete a comprehensive review of the combined store portfolio to determine the scope for optimizing locations. This has resulted in our decision to close approximately 600 stores and related assets over an 18-month period, beginning in spring 2018. We estimate the cost of this program to be approximately $450 million, substantially all cash spend. The resulting cost savings are expected to be approximately $300 million per annum by the end of the fiscal year 2020. We will, of course, when reporting our adjusted operating results, adjust out both the acquisition-related and optimization program costs. So turning now to guidance for fiscal 2018. We're expecting adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $5.40 to $5.70. As usual, this guidance is based on current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. As we've said before, we do not expect the Rite Aid transaction to significantly impact adjusted diluted net earnings per share in this period. As I'm sure you'll appreciate, the recent hurricanes have been very challenging and continue to be so in Puerto Rico, where Walgreens is the largest pharmacy chain. We are very proud of all our people who have worked tirelessly to give our customers access to the medicines they need. Based on our work to-date, our initial estimates indicate that the cost of the storm damage and store closures could be around $90 million. The majority of this is in Puerto Rico. We plan to adjust for this when reporting our first quarter results. The damage to Puerto Rico's infrastructure continues to impact everyday life, including trading in our stores. We estimate that in the first quarter, this could adversely impact adjusted earnings per share by a few cents. Moving on to Med Part D. Although it's not our usual practice to comment on future sales expectations, given recent market speculation, I feel that it's worthwhile to point out that in 2018, we're expecting Walgreens to grow its Med Part D business year-over-year. While not material, you should also note that our partnership agreement with Fareva, which includes the sale of our contract manufacturing business, this will commence at the end of October. As a result, in the future, we won't have these low margin sales within Retail Pharmacy International. Thinking about phasing, we expect this year to be more balanced between the two halves. I will now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thank you, George. So as you have heard, another strong quarter, and for us, a busy quarter to round off a very busy financial year. It has been another year of good financial growth, delivered in a variety of ways, but all coming back to the hard work, determination and commitment of our team. It's amazing to think how much we have achieved in such a comparatively short period of time when you bear in mind that it is less than three years since we completed the transaction to create the Walgreens Boots Alliance. Over the past three years, we have delivered growth of over 50% in adjusted diluted net earnings per share, averaging over 15% compound annual growth year-on-year during the period. I appreciate that looking from the outside, it may be easy to underestimate how much progress has been made. Economic progress is clear. And however people may choose to view it, the earning growth that we have delivered has been impressive. Since we started this project to create Walgreens Boots Alliance, we have delivered on our promises and more. It has been a real delivered value to our shareholders. We have always been clear that we deliver growth in many different ways. Part of the benefit of a large and complex organization like Walgreens Boots Alliance is that its size and scope gives us many different opportunities in many different areas, both commercially and geographically. And so our task of managers becomes more about deciding where best to use our resources in order to create the most value. Naturally, in part, these decision are influenced by where we know we have proven strength and experience. I would characterize those strengths as being primarily around operational expertise, financial expertise and strategic expertise. Alex and Ornella are continuing their work to deliver the transformation we need in our businesses to keep them relevant and deliver healthy mixture of operational and financial growth from our core operation. The work and skills needed differ business by business and country by country, which is why during the stage in our company development, the structure we have with Co-COOs is appropriate given the huge amount of hands-on work that is needed. For all of our businesses, we are constantly balancing the benefits of investing for growth, developing new services and products and controlling costs. We are still some way from where we need to be overall across the company, but we are making good progress and I measure the work we need to do to continue this progress as pure opportunity. From time to time, I hear some concerns raised about the amount of growth we will be able to deliver from financial or economic restructuring of our business. I do not see this as an issue at all. I see it as essential for any company to be as focused on its economic health, every bit as much as it is on its operational health. Also, as I have said, I believe our focus on the financial efficiency of our organization is a key strength. The work that we are doing to structure a robust and efficient company and transform the value businesses within it, is at the same time, providing us with an extraordinary range of opportunities to announce the economic efficiency of our business. Make no mistake, these are true cash benefits. It is real and tangible value creation. Then there is a need to use the benefits of all these operational and financial work to invest in the continued growth of the business and further value enhancement for our shareholders. In September, we saw in the U.S. our acquisition of assets from Rite Aid move from review to execution, a process that I will not deny to cost far longer and was far more complicated than I had expected. We were always optimistic that the deal could be structured in a way that could be acceptable to all parties. While the deal we have ended up doing was very different from what we originally announced, it was not so very different from what I had originally envisaged. And now, I am pleased we are finally able to get on with the process of bringing these stores into our group and undertaking the next phase of review and transformation work within our U.S. network. This is the latest and perhaps most public transaction in a range of deals and partnership we have announced over the year, including our innovative strategic partnership with (29:26), FedEx and Fareva and our minority investment in the pending acquisition of America. These range of deals is aimed at both developing our core businesses today and putting in place the foundation for developing new products and services for the future. Of course, all of these is very much a work-in-progress. We are an organization in transformation and that will always be the case. We are an organization that works in market that are constantly changing and we must change and adapt to them and with them. Change is good. Change is a sign of life. Change brings opportunities. Our challenge is to make sure our businesses are ready for change, embrace change, at times, even drive change, both within our organization and in our markets overall. We achieved that by continuing our work to help ensure that we are delivering the right products and services at the right price and in the right way to differentiate us to our customers, whoever and wherever they may be. To do so, we must continue our work to ensure that our structure, system and skills are right. We must continue to study our market and ourselves, truly understand our strengths and play to them, truly understand our weaknesses and address them. Sometimes, internally through hard work and effort, sometimes with partner, sometimes by bringing new skills and experience into the organization. You may not recognize it, but I see us doing these across our businesses every day. The changes are often individually small, but they all adapt to deliver a far more dynamic organization with a far more dynamic approach and mindset. Our markets contain a compelling mixture of personal well-being, huge economic scale and political attention. These factors attract a lot of comment and commentary, which in turn, leads to a lot of speculation and noise, all with an agenda, reflecting their point of view. As a management team, we must see through this noise to recognize the true underlying trends and dynamic of our markets and manage our businesses in a way that addresses the market, not the commentary. So as I hope you can see, I remain very optimistic about our company. We have achieved a great deal, delivered a great deal in the past year, indeed, in the past few years, and I still see truly massive opportunities ahead of us. We have come a long way in creating an organization that is well placed to embrace these opportunities and in many ways, lead the market in approach and vision. In a company with many businesses in many areas, we have many moving parts, which give us a great flexibility in how we respond to our markets and fully embrace the opportunities I have spoken about. We have many levers in our organization to deliver growth and value. We have set our guidance at the level that we know can bring all these together. And as you have heard, we are, again, giving adjusted earning per share guidance that reflects the double-digit growth we seek to achieve. In coming to this guidance we have, as ever, take into account our assessment of the many headwinds that our businesses face as well as the driver inherent in our markets, to offer what we believe is a realistic view of our prospects for the year ahead. We never give guidance lightly and I am proud of our track record of delivering against the targets that we set for ourselves. In the year ahead, you can be assured that I and my entire team will be continuing our work operationally, economically and strategically to make sure we have the right structure, people, skills and strategy to continue to deliver real growth and value, not just for the year ahead, but well, well beyond that. Thank you. Now I will hand you back to Gerald.
Gerald Gradwell - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thank you, Stefano. We'll now open the lines for your questions.
Operator: The first question is from George Hill of RBC. Your line is open.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey good morning guys and thanks for taking the questions. And I guess, Alex, I have two questions for you. In the U.S. business, I guess, can you break out the difference between pricing pressure and client mix as it relates to gross margin? And then I guess, where do you think this stabilizes? And then on the retail side of the business, how do you separate the impact of promotional changes from what might be other channels or players taking share? Thanks.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, George. Thanks so much. I think on the first question, I think we've been really clear that reimbursement pressure is part of our life and we have very clear levers that we use to address this. On the pricing side, we have a fantastic organization in WBAD and a real partnership philosophy. And you saw recently that we've also now joined that up with Express Scripts to help us to deal with that pricing pressure on that side. Also in terms of the mix of the businesses, you can see that we are very open to different networks for different types of business, government and commercial. And also we are partnering with everyone in the market including, as Gerald said this morning, our partnership with of course CVS, and of course with our partnership this year, the pricing has been driven a lot by our AllianceRx partnership, so fundamentally changed our position in specialty. We don't see any of that changing going forward. The one bigger opportunity we have, of course, on that side of it is, of course, the work on print optimization, which give us another lever in which to manage the cost of reimbursement and pricing on the pharmacy side. So we see that  that's how we see it today. On the retail side, we made a deliberate change when we do this consistently, but maybe more aggressively in Q4 in the promotional side. And that was the additional impact that you primarily saw in terms of the trend change in our front-end sales. And as George said in his prepared remarks, we improved both the margin and the gross margin in the front end. And again, we are seeing good growth in beauty. In fact, if you look over the last two years against front-end sales, we've seen a 60 bps improvement in the beauty category in that period of time. So we see our strategies working in both the retail side and the pharmacy side and we continue to work hard, as Stefano said in his prepared remarks, to drive these opportunities as they come with different partners in different ways.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Maybe as a quick follow-up then. I don't know if George would update us. As the business has evolved, the profit contribution front of store versus back of the store, any direction or color?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Really nothing to  I really don't have much to add to what we said in the prepared statements and just what Alex has said. Just I think the one thing I would add to Alex, if you remember in the third quarter when we were looking at gross profit percentage and RPI, I drew attention to the fact that we'd obviously post the establishment of the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime joint venture, which we consolidate. If you recall, I said that impacted the mix by about 100 basis points, and of course we didn't have a full three months in at that time. So it's just worth bearing that in mind. But I mean, we're very pleased, as you can see, with the progress that we're making in both the retail and the pharmacy part of our business in the States.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. First, I just wanted to start with Stefano's comment around new products and services for the future and trying to bring that change to healthcare. You talked about the relationship with Caremark on the network side. What we consistently hear is about this idea around member engagement. What are the things that are changing in the pharmacy? And is it changing the way you're being reimbursed? Are you seeing new elements of risk that you've got to see a certain amount of outcome in order to be able to drive the reimbursement that you're getting? I just want to understand how do we think about some of these new relationships as well as some of the new products and services that you'll bring in this new world of engagement.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, Lisa. It's Alex here. I think, as you clearly see from the CVS announcement yesterday and previous ones that we have also been involved in, health outcomes are becoming more important in all of the networks and for all of the peers. And I think that you can see that in the Med D networks and you can also see that in some commercial networks as well. Again, we can't be explicit in terms of what we get and don't get paid for and how that affects the overall payment to pharmacies, but more of a payment slowly but surely over time we see as being driven by the role of the pharmacist and the service they provide to the patient in the pharmacy that drives different behaviors and different outcomes. I think that's very clear. And that's slow, but it's certainly happening and we saw something very similar in Europe, particularly in the UK. So, we have a lot of experience in our group as the model changes to more peer services for outcomes rather than just dispensing tablets into a bottle. That is for sure. I think the networks are also changing, as you can clearly see. They are becoming more nodal, not just on the Med D and the Medicaid sides, but also in the commercial sides. That's very much driven by the strategies of the PBMs and the insurance companies. And we are very open and very happy to speak to anyone about our network. The deal with Rite Aid, as we said on many occasions, was to improve our network. And then through that improvement in reach was to improve the quality of that network for the peers and the customers that we serve.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then just my second question would just be for George around the key assumption as we think about fiscal 2018. I know we see the EPS, we see your assumptions around FX, but anything else that you can help us understand? I know there were comments that your Medicare Part D business will actually grow, when I think some people in the market thought perhaps it wouldn't going into 2018. You've shown that you can have the leverage that you talked about is to bring in these new scripts. But is there any other key metrics that we should think about as we go into 2018? And should we be thinking that you can grow U.S. operating profit growth as we go into 2018?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: I very much tried in my prepared remarks to really point you in the direction of our thinking. Obviously, we don't give specific guidance on adjusted operating growth in total or in our divisions, but I think from what you've said, you'll gather that we're very confident that we can continue to grow our business through that combination of driving the top line, managing the margins and obviously, keeping a very, very tight control of the costs because saving costs is very much our way of life. The one thing I would sort of just, I think, remind everyone is, of course, that in this new fiscal year, we'll have a full year of contribution from the Prime acquisition which resulted in the forming of our AllianceRx business.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. I'm sorry, did you have something else, George?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yeah, so I'll just add one thing. Remember that our strategy in the front end is a very important lever as well here. So there's costs, as George has mentioned, where we're actively preparing and managing costs ahead of the game and I think we have a very strong track record, I think it was 17 consecutive quarters where we've reduced our cost as a percent of sales. We're making strong progress in key elements of our front end strategy and, again, that will play through the year. And of course, as George has said, our partnerships with Prime and also with UnitedHealth in Med D is an important partnership. So again, I would just point to the many different ways that we have developed our front end  sorry, our overall U.S.A. business as evidence that we can continue to grow operating profit going forward.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: It's Stefano. But if you look, we have said this every time, but if you look at the adjusted operating income, and particularly at the overall group at adjusted operating income, the overall group, you will see that we are very constant  this number is very constant, is very flat over the years. So you have to expect in future that this will probably, probably be a little weaker because, as you have understood, we will have the full integration of AllianceRx and of course, as you know, the specialty products have a very lower margin. So they will have an effect to the full year. But you can see that even this year, we have been able to compensate for the partial effect that we have hit just on part of the year and that there we are coming with an overall margin which is quite constant. So we have shown that we are able to took action at many, many different levers.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. So just so I have that straight, when we think about specialty, it's going to be a higher dollar amount, obviously, but a lower margin percentage. So your EBIT dollars will grow, but when we think about the margin of the business, could have a headwind just like you talked about in this quarter as we think about 2018. Am I correct in that?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yes, I think as George said in the previous answer, absolutely. The specialty business, as you know well, we will grow much faster than the past but the margin is much smaller. But it's still a very good business and a very important business, as half the market will be specialty by 2020.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for the questions. Just wanted to go back to the aggressive shift we've seen to preferred and narrow networks over the last few years. And it seems like it's certainly posed some challenges for retail pharmacies to grow gross profit dollars during this transition. Just curious how we should be thinking about this shift and the impact to the business as we look out into 2018 on the gross profit dollar growth expectations within the U.S. pharmacy business.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, Robert. Again, it's going to be a similar answer, I'm sorry, but it's really a similar answer. As Stefano said in his prepared remarks, we will look carefully at what we are achieving and we'll look carefully to what we can achieve and we use all the levers available to us, as you'd expect. So we are confident that we can grow our share, as George said in prepared remarks, in Med D and in the other books of business. So volume will continue to grow. We continue to work hard with partners to gain access in the networks that are available to us, both commercial and government. And again, the announcement last night was another example of that. And of course, we continue to really work hard to make sure that we give real incentives, effectively, to our peers, as they want to be paid not just in the cost to fill the products, but to develop services with them that will change the model over time. So we are in the market, we work with the market, we adapt to the market. And I think our evidence is very good. So we remain really positive that the 120 basis points growth that we have achieved in the dispensing market will continue to be held and we remain very positive that over time, particularly with the acquisition of the assets of Rite Aid, that we'll continue to grow market share in pharmacy volume and retain and grow gross profit dollars.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: At the end of the day  Stefano here. At the end of the day, we give guidance, look at what we have done in the past, how we have given our guidance, the results that we have delivered at the end. Everything is in our guidance. And though you have to look at it  and our guidance, it's really the synthesis of all the elements of our businesses. We couldn't be clearer than that.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: No, I appreciate that. I think it's just the building blocks to get to the EPS that I think we were just looking for a little bit more on. But I had just one follow-up for George on cash flow. As I look at the costs associated with the cost transformation initiative, continues to trend a little bit above where we were looking for. Can you just give us a sense as you think about the cash cost expenses associated with the cost savings programs as we look out into 2018? Just trying to get a better handle on modeling cash flow for the coming year.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Well, the main cost transformation program, obviously, we completed that last year and we were delighted with the results and the costs, as you've seen, have come in exactly where we anticipated them to be. In terms of the store optimization program that we've announced today, clearly the majority of that is cash and then we're going to have the investment in the capital in the Rite Aid stores and the conversion and the rebranding. And so we've tried to give that factor into guidance. But I'm very confident about our ability to continue to deliver a really strong cash flow. I think as I explained in my remarks, we had another very strong year for cash flow in the year just ended, the same the prior year. We were really able to really continue, in particular, to improve our working capital efficiency. We talk a lot about driving cost efficiency, which is a way of life, but similarly continuing to improve working capital is a way of life as well. And so I'm very confident that we're going to continue to really be a very strong cash generative business going forward. And obviously, when it comes to the returns on all the projects that we do, similarly as I think we've said on many times, we're very disciplined in the way we evaluate all our capital expenditure and investment programs. And I'm very confident that we'll get the returns on those.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Just one example, over summer, we decided (50:06) to the simplified stores in Walgreens and we did 1,500 stores in a matter of weeks. And that was really designed to not just face into some cost challenges in these lower stores in terms of lower-volume stores for front end, but also get working capital out and I can tell you successfully achieve both of these in a very short period of time and give us lessons for the rest of this period as well.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bryan Ross - Jefferies LLC: This is Bryan Ross on for Brian Tanquilut. I had a question on the store rationalization program. I guess how are you  you talked about 600 stores and how are you thinking about the optimal set of these Rite Aid stores that you'll ultimately retain? I mean, is it more focused on retaining the stores with end markets where you already have a sizable presence? Is it bolstering outside of that? And how are you thinking about it in terms of  you talked about before about the preferred networks and that Rite Aid would be a nice asset to add to your assets for those networks. But I guess, how are you thinking about the trade-off between the access and maybe some of the more productive Rite Aid stores?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, Bryan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, it really was quite simple. Post the transaction, the team's really looked at it location by location. And really, the vast majority of these closures will be Rite Aid and the vast majority are actually  being closed are within one mile of another drugstore that we own going forward. So it really is a micro level and real detail and also we have a very strong record of file transfers. We understand how to do it. We understand the economics of it very clearly. And I think as the numbers that George described in terms of the value of this $300 million by spending approximately $450 million, you can see this is economically a very good thing to do. But also because mainly within one mile of each other, it means that the network, the ones remaining, really, is buying on our strategy. It really is about improving access to Walgreens in the future and in Northeast and the South of the country.
Bryan Ross - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on  I guess, from our math, about half the stores that you're getting from Rite Aid have, I guess, already gone through a remodeling type of phase and what are your thoughts on  can you talk about the additional investment in some CapEx? Are you  and then even related to the stores that you'd be closing, the majority of the stores that you're keeping, have those, I guess, what's the view on that in terms of how many have been remodeled or kind of going forward, what you'll be doing to improve those stores?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Again, as you know, the sizable amount of these stores, not the majority in this occasion, have been remodeled. So therefore, they are in good shape. However, there are some which are very important just from a network point of view that would require some additional capital. And also as we develop the front-end proposition in Walgreens further, we'll have the opportunity to move some of that investment with a good return also into these stores. So again George has mentioned a figure for, not just for integration, but a figure also of $0.5 billion. I think it was more or less for capital improvement into the stores that we're buying and remaining open going forward.
Bryan Ross - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Eric Coldwell of Walgreens (sic) [Robert W. Baird] (53:59). Your line is open.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Maybe I should work at Walgreens. So it might be a better career than what we have here, with MiFID coming.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: You're welcome.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, look, I'm open. Got to call the regulators though. So honestly, so much of this investment story is about the gross margin right now, especially in U.S. retail. You guys came historically the last few years, a management team that came from Europe where you gross margin was very good in Retail Pharmacy. U.S. is in the mid-20s, you're 40%-plus ex-U.S. My question is, when you look at the stores where you've done beauty, you've done mix enhancement, you've done simplification, could you give us some proxy for how much gross margin improvement you've actually seen in those stores? And that's it. Thanks.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Eric, if you worked for Walgreens, you know that you'd know the answer, but unfortunately, we can't give you the answer. We don't give that level of details, and I'm really sorry we can't give that. But we keep on reassuring you that we understand the model really well. We are working diligently to apply that model appropriately in the U.S.A. and we believe we're making strong progress and you can see that coming through at an economic value that Stefano described. So again, we're into almost 3,000, 2,900 stores with the differentiation. We have farther to go much more opportunity there. You can see that we have also materially improved the cost of goods, both in the retail side and also on the generic side, again, (55:45) that constant working with suppliers and long-term ways to make that happen. And you can see how we are carefully investing our cash as well as our operating costs to drive improvements in volume and also improvements in customer experience. Our internal Net Promoter Score's and many of our brand measures are improving going forward towards more of a pharmacy-led health, wellness and beauty retailer. So we continue to work diligently on this model. We continue to believe strongly that we absolutely know more about the American market has achieved it. We understand the customer is changing, we understand the market is changing and we will adapt appropriately. So again, I don't know what more we can say. We can't give you any more detail. But I promise you that we are satisfied with the progress we are making.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: And you see you said that coming from UK, we are used to better margin and higher margins. But if you look at the pharmacy, the pharmacy in UK is quite under pressure and it has been under pressure for decades, I would say. And the way that we have  the reason why we have developed both with this increasing margin on the front of the stores  the shop or creating a completely new model is just because over time, we had to cope with a margin in the pharmacy, which initially being very, very good, as it shrunk over time and we have to compensate. So we go out to adapt. In the U.S., the margin of the pharmacy is still decent. It's under pressure, yes, but we have so many levers to compensate for it that we are not particularly worried. But in the meantime, we are trying to create a new model that will help us to keep overall the profit of the company at the level which we believe satisfactory.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: And also, Eric, I mean, I would encourage you to take a trip to the UK, see how we continue to improve the model in the UK. For example, our holiday season started really strong in the UK because the gifting in that marketplace is really strong this year. So again, I think we often have a conversation in this call about the U.S.A. only. We have a model in Europe which we continue to improve and continue to drive, and I think it's worth sometimes understanding that model even more in terms of looking at the whole group and what we can bring to the knowhow to the American market.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's great. Thanks very much. And I'm going to go ahead and hit submit on that resume, so let me know.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thank you.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, hi, good morning. So obviously, you talk about the fact that the market is changing and the customers are changing and partnerships are key to your strategy. But as the landscape continues to evolve and CVS is tracking (59:12) their partners, there have been (59:14) some are very similar to yours, and we hear about Amazon evaluating a potential entry, how are these changes impacting your strategic thinking of partnerships versus M&A going forward?
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: No, I have to tell you that the market is changing, but it's not changing in a direction which was (59:37) from us. So our strategy substantially doesn't have to change. Our idea of partnership, our idea of trying to adapt our stores to a future different reality is practically still the same. Of course, we are adapting, of course, we are learning and we make some changes from the experience that we have, due to the experience that we have, but the basic strategy is still the same. And we are just, as we have said many, many times, we are just building the strategy piece by piece. We have to create, I have said this many, many times, the right platform to build the future company. And we have worked on that and you can see that now, things are changing. You can see that we are constantly delivering. You'll see that we are not only constantly controlling our costs, but are also now expanding our sales. And of course, all the different trials and tests that we have done in these years are coming to fruition. I would think of something we have already spoken about, our collaboration with FedEx, the fact that now FedEx is practically, it's everywhere in our store, except Puerto Rico, I believe, that FedEx is everywhere in our stores. Whilst we have really tested the case, I feel the execution has been quite fast. In seven, eight months, we have a hold over the FedEx pickup and delivery point in all of our stores. And this is just the first phase as we said because now, we will use this to create a fantastic network to deliver to the customers directly from our pharmacies. And so you'll see that we are consistent with what we were saying in the past.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, Ricky. Again, just on the FedEx point, I just want to say what a fantastic partnership we have here. And also when you think about the idea of the last mile and having the ability to really deliver in the last mile, we believe this FedEx partnership, which we've rolled out in a matter of months to every single drugstore apart from those affected by the hurricane, as Stefano said, is not available to our customers and to FedEx's business partners as well. So I think that's just one quick example of how we are rapidly changing with the market as it rapidly changes. And I think that this idea of the last mile, which many people are struggling with, many  particularly the online business are struggling with. I think the stat in the marketplace is that 30% of e-commerce get returned, for example, parcels get returned, reversal in the supply chain is a big customer problem. Piracy is a big customer problem. We believe that with the best last mile, working with people at FedEx and many others, we can solve some of these problems for businesses and for customers and that's what we intend to do.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So just a thought on the FedEx partnership, so do we think about it both as addressing the omni-channel, but also competing more effectively with mail?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: So, Ricky, I didn't quite catch your question. Could you repeat your question? I apologize. I couldn't quite hear the end of your question.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just on the FedEx partnership, should we think about the opportunity not just as response to kind of like that omni-channel, but also as more effectively competing with mail?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: In pharmacy, yeah, I mean, obviously, that's an opportunity going forward. We look at  we work hard on costs and still reducing that cost in the pharmacy. We are very convenient, close to many, many customers, both patients and people who buy retail products, I said before. So that's an opportunity for sure that we are looking at and I'm going to let you know if we do anything about it. But that is certainly one of the opportunities with this partnership.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then one just last question regarding guidance. Obviously, the SG&A improvement has been the most substantial we've seen in the last eight quarters. So should we think about that as the new run rate given the savings you've talked about? And then can you just share with us what are you assuming for tax rate for 2018?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: I'll take up on that. But on the guidance, obviously, on our prepared comments, you've seen we just gave guidance at the adjusted EPS level, so we haven't given the composition. But notwithstanding that, I would really stress that we are continuing to look to drive SG&A efficiencies. It's very much a way of life. Clearly, we'll have additional costs coming in as we go through the Rite Aid transition. So we won't be quite comparing apples with apples as we go through that period. But the focus on improving SG&A will continue to be absolutely relentless. It's just the way of life. We will, of course, also then have the mix effect from the Prime because we'll have Prime acquisition because we'll have a full year in the coming year and I think as Alex has already explained, there's a mix effect in terms of, it's a lower percentage gross margin by nature. In terms of the tax rate, we've not given specific guidance for tax, but as I said in my prepared comments, our effective tax rate excluding ABC equity income was 23.2%. Within that, there was a couple of percent of discrete items. So, excluding discretes, we were 25.2%. And of course, the level of discretes can tend to vary year-by-year. The final point, really, would be post, in terms of you thinking tax post Rite Aid, and of course, we will have a higher proportion of income as we start to see the accretion come through from Rite Aid over time and we will start to have a higher proportion, other things being equal, in the U.S., which of course continues to be one of the highest tax rates really in the world at the moment.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Alvin Concepcion of Citi. Your line is open.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. I know you mentioned that Rite Aid shouldn't be materially accretive in 2018, but I'm wondering if you could talk about accretion level in the first full year, I guess, the run rate for fiscal 2019. And then I have a follow-up after that. Thank you.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: We've not given the specific guidance beyond what we've said in numerical terms, but to help you with your thinking, in terms of the Rite Aid stores, we'll be acquiring them on a phased basis. And as we've said, we've just acquired the first few in the last week or so to start testing the IT systems. So we'll be acquiring those on a phased basis over the next six, seven months until the spring of next year. We then have the store optimization program which I talked about, which Alex has elaborated on a little more detail, which is when we acquire the stores over time, we then have to really treat them like internal file buys and do the conversion. And that is going to take roughly  we've got an 18-month program from the spring of 2018 through to the end of 2019. And then we have got to convert  as we convert the existing stores, we've got to do the remerchandising, the rebranding, putting in our IT systems, getting everyone trained up, particularly the pharmacists on our pharmacy management program, which is very important part and obviously moved the logistics over. So really, as we've said originally, it will take a number of years to complete that till we absolutely see the full benefit from the Rite Aid transaction, which we're very confident about.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Hi, Alvin, it's Alex here. Again, from an operational point of view, we feel really good about this execution. The team have been working really closely, this has actually gone on (01:09:21) for almost two years, and we got going really quickly and the first stores that was mentioned in the prepared remarks by George have transferred really well. So I think we're feeling good. We're well prepared and we'll get this job done and execute it really well and get this network inside of Walgreens network.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And in the U. S., do you need the front end comps to turn positive in order to hit your 2018 guidance? I know you're undergoing a transition, so I'm wondering at what point it becomes positive and if it's necessary in 2018.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: As I said before, we only give guidance on one number. A lot of our focus is on improving our offer, as Alex has said, and driving overall shareholder value creation of profit. And mix, it's not just all about driving the top line, what's important is growing in a profitable way. And we're very disciplined in the way we evaluate our promotions so that we don't unnecessarily promote when it doesn't make economic sense to do so, and we're very focused on improving the mix. And I think as Alex had said again a few minutes ago, the lessons that we learned from Boots in particularly developing our own differentiated offering, particularly in the beauty area is a key component of being able to do that. And of course, it offers our customers fantastic products at fantastic value.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. If I could squeeze in one more. Just wanted to ask about your mail order business. What kind of trends are you seeing there? How sizable is it in terms of your sales, how the margin profile has been looking? Just curious if you could provide any color on mail order.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Mail order is part of AllianceRx, so it's part of our Prime business. So really, we're at the very early stages of this. I think as a previous question came in, we don't think of mail order separately from the network. We think of how do we make it the most convenient way for customers to receive their prescriptions in a way that they want to. So we're confident that we can grow our pharmacy business, including mail order over time by having a really customer-focused approach, working closely with Prime in this case but also closely with other partners on the network.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kevin Caliendo of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. Question on Anthem and Ingenio. Can you take us through the opportunity for Walgreens in that network? Obviously, they're going to restructure a lot of their preferred networks. And just wondering how Walgreens might fit into that come 2020.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yeah. It's Alex here. Yeah, I think, obviously, it's an evolving situation from the point of view of the networks. I go back to the point that we want to partner with absolutely everyone. This was a PBM contract, not a pharmacy contract. And we have a relatively low share of the network within the Anthem book of business today. So we believe as things evolve with our performance-based networks, our higher quality pharmacies, our better customer offer, we can play a big part in the evolving Anthem PBM.
Kevin Caliendo - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Can you talk a little bit  you mentioned some comments about cadence for the international business earlier. But just as we think about fiscal 2018 and the cadence for earnings over the course of the year, should it look or be similar to what we saw in 2017 or will it be, like you said, a little bit more level or even as the year goes on?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Currency is obviously a key factor in this, as obviously, in forming our overall guidance, we assume constant rates. But in the international division, the number of different markets with  obviously in the UK, we're very confident about continuing to grow our Boots business, which has got a very strong position with its differentiated products and product ranges, in some of the international markets in Latin America. These are, by nature, more challenging, a challenging market. But again, we believe that we've got the right strategy to continue to develop those businesses. So we're very confident overall about our prospects in really in all three of our divisions, not just Retail Pharmacy International.
Kevin Caliendo - Needham & Co. LLC: Well, in terms of cadence, I was talking about Walgreens' corporate earnings cadence for fiscal 2018 and how we should think about it in terms of modeling. Should the cadence look a lot like it was in 2017? There were some certain things that happened in 2017 that might change that. I'm just wondering how we should think about the full year in terms of a quarterly progression.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Really, I would just re-emphasize what I said in guidance. As I said, I think that in the phasing, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect this to be more balanced but between the two halves. I think when we gave guidance a year ago, we always explained that fiscal 2017 would be more weighted towards the final quarter. And obviously, the results that we've announced today demonstrate that. So I would think, think more balanced would be really the best way of thinking about it.
Kevin Caliendo - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Well, thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Charles Rhyee of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Alex, when you talk about the evolving business model and trying to meet all the kind of competitive threats out there, can you kind of talk about other things that you're doing? I mean, are you considering in your outlooks new technologies like pharmacy automation or maybe can you go in more details on how the pilot with LabCorp is going?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Sure. Sure, Charles. As Stefano said, we have a lot of pilots and tests in the marketplace. Again, we are very pleased with the progress on all of them. They're really testing, at this stage, consumer behavior. We'll currently (01:16:17) get consumers and patients to see us differently and use these services that we are now providing. So just some examples, LabCorp, as you said, that's a recent one. That's early, but the early indications are positive. And of course, we learned something from the previous experience we had in terms of customer experience with the team we had before. Secondly, we are moving to an increased number of pilots in optical. We have a big business in the UK, a very successful business in the UK and global partnerships with the most important partners in this industry in the UK and are bringing all of that knowhow to the American market. And again, we're pleased with the progress so far. Hearingcare. Hearingcare, again, we have a successful business in the UK. We understand the model very well and again, we're bringing that here to the U.S. in a test and trial here in the U.S. as well. And again, that's happening just after Christmas. And last but not least, we talked about urgent care where, again, with MedExpress, we're in the ground (01:17:25) in urgent care. And again, that is going well so far. So again, using our physical convenient locations, using our healthcare brand, working in partnerships to give them access to our Walgreens customers and of course, working together to make sure that we target people through data in the most appropriate ways are all part of what we're doing right now in terms of developing new business models in that healthcare space. All work in progress, all being properly managed, all with the best partners in the U.S.A. market and so far, so good.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: And I want to stress the idea of partnership because to have a partner in areas which are close to what we do as a basic business but not exactly the same is important because of course, these partners will continue to evolve and adapt their technology, so we are sure that we will be always at the forefront of what is required of the needs of the customers. And having also a strong partner will help us  once we will have really tested carefully the formats of our offer to the customers, a strong partner will help us to develop the business very rapidly, to roll over the business very rapidly. And this partnership are, for sure, an important element for us and we have had very, very good experience in the past in UK and in other countries when we have been able to select the right partner.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. And just to follow-up on the urgent care, the MedExpress partnership. Can you comment on how you're looking at that market? Obviously, it's a fast-growing market, very large as well and very fragmented. Can you just give us some thoughts on how you're looking at that in the sense that  does it make sense at some point to really have those as your own, maybe through acquisition or growing  building it out organically? Thanks.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: It's really early. I mean, at the moment, we're really I go back to  we're looking at customer behavior and how that's changing inside of the Walgreens brand and inside the Walgreens box, the properties. And it's very encouraging. So, of course, we'll analyze what we bring. We bring great locations, we bring a great brand to which customers associate healthcare. But we also, as Stefano said, believe in partnerships. We believe in not having to build things that already successfully built. So we will assess all of that in urgent care. But you're right, more and more healthcare is going to be delivered in communities and many people see the drugstores today as an ideal place to deliver these healthcare services. And of course, we are doing lots of work to understand what that could look like in the future, as I said, with the very best partners and urgent care, for sure, is a good example of that.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And if I could just add one more. Opioids, obviously, a big issue right now. Can you give us some  your comments on what you're doing in terms of trying to prevent over-prescriptions and divergence and maybe a sense of how long you've had these measures in place? Thanks.
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Sure, yeah. We rolled something called take back out, I believe it was about 18 months ago was our first take back. And now, we've now got that in 800 pharmacies evenly spread across the U.S.A. And we're now expanding that by another I, think, it's 800 in partnership with our key partners to provide that service even closer to communities in America. So people can bring back their unwanted drugs out of their bathroom cabinets to make sure they're not available for misuse. That program is going very well, I think and the ones we have at the moment, we've got about, I think, it's 80 million tons of drugs back, so that program is going very well and we're delighted that others are also doing that now as well. Secondly, pharmacist education, really important and we're making sure that pharmacists really understand how to deal with this issue in a positive way through Good Faith Dispensing as a program has been in place for many years and we continue to drive that and improve that. And thirdly, we're working with the industry to make sure that any other opportunities there are to play an active part in preventing this situation, we play a role in as well.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Larsen of Leerink. Your line is open.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Can you just talk briefly about the agreement that you reached with CVS last night? It seems to me like you and CVS have been very competitive in pricing on the retail side. Is this maybe an indicator of perhaps a bit more of a friendly relationship and some easing potentially of price pressure that we're seeing in the market? Thanks very much.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Let me say one thing, there was not a war. There is a competition on certain contracts, which can go either way. And our relationship with CVS have always been good. So this idea of the war is not precise. Having said so, I will ask Alex to comment more  in more details.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yes, I mean, obviously, CVS PBM is a very, very important partner. And we said this in previous calls, has always been so and always will be so in the marketplace. They discussed with us this performance network where they wanted to have around about 30,000 (01:23:53) pharmacies where they could manage and measure the performance of the individual pharmacy in certain ways that drove better health outcomes for patients and for payers. And we worked with them and agreed as part of the normal agreements to go into this network. So we're very pleased. We think this is an important move for us and an important move for CVS. And we look forward to making this network successful.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And then just one more. Did I hear you correctly? Are you considering getting into the mail business, where Walgreens members could go on online and order a script through the Walgreens website and then you would ship it to them through your own mail facility? And is that in response to Amazon by any chance, did I hear that correctly?
George Rollo Fairweather - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: No. I think we've always had a mail business. We combined it with Prime's mail business as part of the AllianceRx deal that we announced last summer. So we're always looking for ways to reduce cost to fill. We believe that the position of our network, which is closer to customers than any other network in the U.S.A. allows us to have a lower cost last mail and give customers the flexibility of being able to receive the prescriptions in their pharmacy and potentially at home. So, of course, we're looking at that option. But really I think that's not a response to Amazon, it's a response to the customer opportunity we have.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Scott Mushkin of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Otway - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning, every one. This is Mike Otway in for Scott. Appreciate you taking the questions. I guess, first, on the synergies and store optimization savings over the next three to four years, can you frame the ramp up of those savings, are the bulk of the savings to come in any year, like fiscal 2019, or should we  how should we expect you guys to benefit from those savings over the next three to four years kind of the ramp?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: They will take time to come through because as we go through the store optimization, the store optimization program, and we've set out the timescales for the programs, the important thing, as I think Alex emphasized, is that we do that in a structured and disciplined way so that we, like we do with file buys, we maximize the transfer of the business that we're acquiring into the combined store. And that  we've got a lot of experience in doing, but we will do that over a period of time on a store-by-store basis. And we've got a  there's a very well experienced team being set up to lead this within the Walgreens business. So you should expect things to come over time. We're very clear both in terms of the benefit. The benefit will be the $300 million by the end of 2020, but it will ramp up over time is how I would best describe it. The same thing then with the overall $300 million that we also talked about in the synergies. Again, that takes time as we move over the business over our  more and more over our control as we move on to our systems and our ways of working.
Michael Otway - Wolfe Research LLC: All right, thank you for that. And I guess, then just my second question here. We talked about it a little bit on the call, but the front-end comp sales, you guys made a decision from a promotional standpoint. But do you ultimately think that all the things that you're doing and beauty can overwhelm, kind of from a positive standpoint some of the drag from these other categories and actually get the front-end comp back to positive? And then much longer term over the next couple of years, how do you see customers shopping Walgreens from a front-end perspective? What's your role on consumables and general merchandise and that roll that those categories play in the store? Is your expectation that store trips for some of these items or purchases for some of these items decreases over time as maybe consumers want them delivered to the homes? So just a bigger picture view of customer's interaction with Walgreens from a front-end perspective.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, Mike, it's Alex here. Yeah, Walgreens' strategy is always to be the  very convenient, it's a convenient-driven strategy and that does not change. So the model we are developing really is to really understand more and more how customers will shop today and in the future from a convenient location. So job number one is to simplify the offer so they can find a product really quickly they want at good value, a combination of convenience, quality of products, uniqueness of products and also price. We believe we can do that really well in healthcare and do well in healthcare OTC and also going forward, we're doing it better and better and better in beauty. We think that's one that we can accomplish. In terms of other categories, they're very important to that offer. So we are working hard. For example, we just re-launched the Nice! product, that own brand product. The packaging is fantastic. It is doing really well early on, and that's a roll-in, roll-out. So again, we will continue to improve the quality of our products and the quality of our value and improve the convenience as part of that model. I think that the second thing I would say is that what's really important to the customer in the future, particularly the evolving customer is the app and how we can join both the convenience store with our mega (01:30:05) app under Walgreens. And we've got a really good platform, a mature platform there and more and more, we're connecting it into a store and allowing other people also to connect into store in the same way. So again, since we combined all of our assets and ecommerce under Walgreens.com, we have seen good positive growth in Walgreens.com, in particularly health and beauty again. And again, we continue to invest in that particular capability and will do going forward. So again, nothing changes. We just got to adapt to the evolving customer. Of course, we want to see improvements in front-end sales, but more importantly of all, we want to see a value proposition, a customer proposition, which really makes us more unique and more focused on the emerging customer than the all-drugstore model. And that just takes time, as we said before.
Michael Otway - Wolfe Research LLC: I appreciate the color. Thank you though.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question will come from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So Alex, wanted to touch a little bit on Rite Aid. I know it's early yet, but you've been looking at it for a long time. What are the one or two things you learned from them that you think could be applied to the Walgreen business? Maybe you're not doing as well as they are.
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Yes, thank you. And I think, the most obvious thing for us is how they have adopted to run a lower cost, genuine lower costs, low volume front-end model. So I think as we said before, we have  we've started our journey with the 1,500 lower-volume stores in the summer and for sure, I'm looking forward to reunderstanding how they apply  how we can apply their thinking to our model going forward. That's one area that is very obvious to me. I think the second area is we're getting a lot of great people. We're getting the operational teams who have run that business, who understand the drugstore channel. I'm sure within that, we will find talent that will really help improve the great talent we already have in Walgreens of the two obvious areas, looking at it going forward, and I'm sure we'll discover more. You always learn lots from acquisitions and we're very open to learning more going forward.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities LLC: And then secondly, if you look at the underperformance, right, of those stores versus you or versus the core Rite Aid base, so how much of that is real estate versus operational issues? I guess, structural versus not?
Alexander W. Gourlay - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Oh, well, again, we believe that over time, by transforming everything into the Walgreens brand and improving by learning lessons from Rite Aid and also applying what we are doing from the knowhow we have in our group, WBA, to the Walgreens model, that we will be able to generate similar returns today from Rite Aid as we get from Walgreens. So for sure, there are some location  some profit disadvantages in the Rite Aid portfolio. We understand that. But having said all of that, so we think we can improve Walgreens further and we can improve Rite Aid further and put them both together. So I know it's a clear answer to the question, but we are confident in the synergies of being $300 million plus over the full-year period. And of course, we're looking to improve that further. And as Stefano said in his prepared remarks, we're always looking to improve our core business anyway and will put both of these together going forward.
Stefano Pessina - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: And also, remember that we are closing certain stores, transferring the files to other Walgreens stores. This will have a double effect. To eliminate the store, which generally is not particularly profitable and to increase the efficiency of the stores where we transfer the file, this, of course, it's in the synergies that we are expecting, but at the end, the stores that we will keep will not be bad stores, so will already be good stores. And improving the offer, improving the service, integrating them into the Walgreens organization, these stores will, for sure, be absolutely comparable to the rest of the stores that we have.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Gerald for closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell - Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.: Thank you very much, indeed. Thank you, everyone, for your questions and thanks to the team here for the presentation today. Over the next hours, days, weeks, anyone that has further questions, please feel free to contact any of the IR team here with Ashish and whole team available to answer question.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-06-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP, IR and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and CEO George Fairweather - EVP and Global CFO Alexander Gourlay - Co COO Marco Pagni - EVP, Global CAO, General Counsel
Analysts: Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC Steven Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Co. LLC Eric Percher - Barclays Capital Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Bryan Ross - Jefferies LLC Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Alvin Concepcion - Citi John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Third Quarter 2017 Earning Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. You may begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Hello, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer who will take you through the results as usual. Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance is also here and will join us for questions. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. In a second, Ill hand over to George to take us through the third quarter results. Stefano will then cover todays Rite Aid announcement in addition to his usual quarterly update. After the prepared comments, we will of course be happy to answer questions on both the results and on new Rite Aid agreement. Ill now hand you over to George.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Gerald. Overall, we are pleased with our progress this quarter with results in line with our expectations. As in the last quarter, we were particularly pleased with growth in U.S. pharmacy volume and market share. During the quarter, we also completed the $1 billion share buyback program which we discussed on our last earnings call. I'm also pleased that today, we have raised the lower end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2017 by $0.08. So now let's look at the financial highlights for the quarter. As we expected currency again had a negative impact, the U.S dollar being 12.5% stronger versus Sterling than in the comparable quarter last year. Sales for the quarter were $30.1 billion, up 2.1% versus the comparable quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 5%. GAAP operating income was $1.5 billion, a decrease of 1%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.2 billion, up 5.3% and diluted EPS was $1.07, up 5.9%.  Adjusted operating income was $1.9 billion, up 5.5% and in constant currency was up 7.5%. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.4 billion, up 11.9% and in constant currency up 13.6%. These percentage increases were higher than for adjusted operating income. This was due to a lower tax rate, partially offset by losses on certain legacy investments which adversely impacted both earnings from other equity method investments and other income. Since the quarter-end, we have disposed of the legacy investment, the gain on which will largely offset these losses. The adjusted effective tax rate, which we calculate, excluding the adjusted equity income from AmerisourceBergen, was 19.1%. This was lower than in the comparable quarter last year primarily due to relatively high incremental discrete net tax benefits and a lower estimated core annual tax rate of 25.3%. All of this resulted in adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $1.33, up 12.7% and in constant currency up 14.4%. For completeness, here are the numbers for the first nine months of fiscal 2017. I will not go through those in great detail, but you will note that GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $3.02, up 4.9% versus the same period a year-ago. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $3.79, up 7.7% and up 9.9% on a constant currency basis. So let me now turn to the performance of our divisions in the quarter beginning with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $22.5 billion, up 6.3% over the year-ago quarter. This included two months of results from AllianceRx Walgreens Prime, a recently formed central specialty and mail services business. Comparable store sales for the division increased by 3.7%, adjusted gross profit was $5.7 billion, down 0.5% reflecting a decrease in pharmacy, partially offset by an increase in retail. We'll look at this in more detail in a moment. Adjusted SG&A for the division was 18.7% of sales, an improvement of 1.7 percentage points. This improvement was primarily due to sales mix and higher sales as well as an amendment to certain employee postretirement benefits and our cost transformation program. Adjusted operating margin was 6.5% in line with the comparable quarter last year, resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion, up 5.9%. So next, let's look in more detail at Pharmacy. U.S. Pharmacy total sales were up 10.3% versus the year-ago quarter, mainly due to higher prescription volumes, including mail and central specialty. During the quarter, we filled 255.2 million prescriptions on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations, an increase of 8.5%. On a comparable basis for stores, which exclude central specialty and mail, pharmacy sales increased by 5.8% with scripts filled up 8.3%. In the second quarter, we reported our highest quarterly growth rate in over seven years. This quarter was even better. Growth was primarily due to strong volume growth from Medicare Part D and the positive impact of our strategic pharmacy partnerships. Within sales, volume growth and brand inflation were partially offset by reimbursement pressure and the impact of generics. This pressure contributed to lower pharmacy gross profit and gross margin. A higher proportion of specialty adversely impacted pharmacy gross margin by around 100 basis points. However, the higher specialty sales had a positive impact on gross profit. Our reported retail prescriptions market share on the usual 30-day adjusted basis was 20.5%, up by approximately 110 basis points over the year-ago quarter. This was the highest market share that we have ever reported. Total retail sales were down 1.8% on the same quarter last year. This included the impact of the previously announced closure of certain e-commerce operations. Comparable retail sales were down 0.4% with declines in the consumables and general merchandise category and in the personal care category, partially offset by solid growth in the health and wellness, and beauty categories. Adjusted gross profit was higher, primarily due to mix and underlying margin improvement. Beauty category performance and beauty differentiation stores continues to be markedly better than in other stores, supported by strong sales growth of No7 and Soap & Glory. We have also continued to introduce new brands into our existing beauty differentiation locations, including Botanics, which I mentioned last quarter. We remain on track to introduce our enhanced beauty offering to over 1,000 additional stores by the end of the calendar year. This quarter as part of our strategy and ongoing cost transformation, we have also begun to implement a program in certain stores to simplify our offering and improve our retail operational performance. This is designed to deliver a better experience for our customers, provide ongoing efficiencies, and reduce working capital. In the coming months, we expect this program to reach approximately 1,500 stores. So now let's look at the results for the Retail Pharmacy International division. Sales for the division were $2.8 billion, down 0.2% in constant currency versus the year-ago quarter. Comparable store sales increased 0.2% in constant currency. Comparable pharmacy sales were down 0.1% on a constant currency basis, mainly due to a decline in the UK. In Boots UK, comparable pharmacy sales were down 0.4%, mainly due to the reduction in government pharmacy funding. Comparable retail sales for the division increased 0.4%, Boots UKs comparable retail sales increasing 0.1%. Within this, beauty was Boots UKs strongest category, assisted by the launch of No7 Restore & Renew Face & Neck Multi-Action Serum. Adjusted gross profit for the division at $1.1 billion was down 1.2% in constant currency versus the year-ago quarter, mainly due to lower pharmacy gross margin. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales on a constant currency basis was 0.7 percentage points higher at 34%, mainly due to inflationary pressures and higher variable payroll costs. Adjusted operating margin was 6.9%, down 1.1 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $193 million, a decrease of 14% again in constant currency. I am delighted to report that in April, the first Boots franchise store opened in South Korea. This is in line with our strategy of expanding Boots retail presence in Asia. South Korea is a highly sophisticated beauty market particularly for cosmetics, and its strategically important for sourcing innovative products. So now let's look at our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5.3 billion, up 2.7% versus the same quarter last year on a constant currency basis. Comparable sales on a constant currency basis were up 3.7%. This was ahead of the Company's estimated market growth weighted on the basis of country wholesale sales, with growth in emerging markets and the UK partially offset by challenging market conditions in Continental Europe. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes ABC, was 2.9% down 0.1 percentage points on a constant currency basis, but in line with the second quarter. Adjusted operating income was $253 million, up 53.1% in constant currency. Excluding adjusted equity earnings from ABC, adjusted operating income was up 0.6% in constant currency. So turning next to capital allocation. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $1.9 billion. During the quarter, our working capital inflow was $502 million. This primarily reflected improvements in inventories both in the quarter and year-on-year. Cash capital expenditure in the quarter was $273 million. We continue to invest in our core customer proposition including our stores and U.S. beauty program as well as the upgrades to our IT systems, which we have previously talked about. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow in the quarter of $1.6 billion with a total of $4.3 billion in the year to date. Turning next to our guidance for fiscal 2017. We have raised the lower end of our guidance and now anticipate adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $4.98 to $5.08. Remember this guidance assumes current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. I will now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. I will turn first to the new Rite Aid agreement which we announced this morning. When we first began discussion with Rite Aid, it was with a vision of increasing our network and our population coverage. It quickly became clear that if we could start with the transaction appropriately, potentially greater benefit could be gained by bringing the two entire companies together through an acquisition. However, given the changes in the market that during the longer-than-expected Federal Trade commission review process and the ongoing uncertainty about the potential outcome, we have decided after detailed discussion with Rite Aid not to continue to review the acquisition of the old company. Instead, we have today announced the proposed purchase of 2,186 stores from Rite Aid together with warehouses and inventory to support those stores. While we are assuming the real estate obligation, we are not assuming any debt. In addition, the deal is also expected to give significant cash tax benefit, as we tax amortize the intangible assets we acquired. This transaction, though smaller than the original, is due to our original strategic aim and I believe simpler to deliver both operationally and financially. Overall, I view this deal as being more attractive than the transaction it replaces, recognizing the adjustments and compromises that we have had to make since the original deal was announced in what continues to be a challenging market for pharmacy. We expect that this new smaller deal will deliver synergies in excess of $400 million per annum within three to four years of the initial closing, and be modestly accretive to adjusted earnings per share in the first full-year after the initial closing. Importantly, the stores we are proposing to purchase are more than enough to create the potential opportunity for optimization of our expanded network and, in doing so, the opportunity to create greater efficiency above and beyond the synergies that deal is expected to deliver. In addition, the deal is structured in such a way as to offer opportunities for additional benefits over time. In constructing this new agreement, we have endeavored to address all the substantive regulatory points raised about the original transaction. We believe that this will enable us to complete the transaction in a timely manner and drive forward with our plans to further grow our Company. I am pleased to have once again being proved right in my firm belief that, as the English say, where there is a will, there is a way that two willing partners can despite adversity, find a deal that delivers true benefits for both. Given that significantly lower cost of the new transaction, I am pleased that today, we have been able also to keep our commitment to our investors that we will not maintain an inefficient balance sheet longer than is absolutely necessary. This is why we are planning to return the surplus cash that we are carrying on the balance sheet beyond thats required for the new proposed transaction to our shareholders through a new $5 billion share repurchase program. This is in addition to the $1 billion program, which we initiated and completed during our third quarter. On completion of this new program, we will resume our regular reviews of capital deployment; design it to ensure that excess capital, where appropriate, is used as directly as possible to improve shareholder value. Of course, today our new proposed transaction with Rite Aid is not our only news. As George said, we are seeing progress in many areas of our business in the quarter we are reviewing it today and this has been achieved in an environment when we have seen continued competitive pressure, challenging markets, and regulatory uncertainty. Naturally, there is nothing new in these, but it means we must remain focused to ensure our business is meeting the needs of the market and to maintain our stronger position. We are working with our strategic partners to maximize our own role in the healthcare system while at the same time providing the right services at the right price to support those partners in their task of being efficient and relevant. The merger that created Walgreens Boots Alliance and the subsequent restructuring and realigning of our business was an important step in the process. As we are coming to a successful conclusion of that process of confirmation, we must look again at the Company to understand and identify the next course for us to make sure the business is the right structure, shape and size and with the right skills [indiscernible] truly the leader on the opportunities that change offers. Our proposed transaction with Rite Aid would form a partner of this but only part. We continue to see many opportunities, both inside the business and potentially outside with other strategic partners and other partnerships. We should be with no doubt that this is where my focus is. Working with my entire team to identify the next step for the business and ensuring whatever we do advances our place in the market is important for our customers and our strategic partner, delivers clear direction for our people and, of course, provides an attractive opportunity to deliver meaningful growth and create true value for our shareholders. It is obvious to us that the pressures on healthcare role and by extension pharmacy will continue. Within the healthcare market, we face the range of strong competitor. We each have our own business model. At times, that may give them certain advantages over us, but at other times, we believe it gives us meaningful strength and advantages over them. Managing our company for growth in these markets is a core role of the executive team, and we are never complacent about our position in the market or the competition we face, current and potential. Remember also that new participants in the market also provide the opportunity for new partnership and collaboration. Change brings opportunity as well as challenges. We continue to forge and to strengthen strategic partnerships that are delivering real benefits for our businesses today, especially in the U.S., where we are seeing volumes returning to our pharmacies and opportunities arising that enhance both our retail and healthcare offerings. These will open paths for us to new services with new sources of potential revenue and income over time. So as you have heard, overall, we believe it has been a recent report where some progress have been made. As a result, we are raising the lower end of our guidance for the year as a whole. We do, however, continue to experience some very challenging markets. And as I've said, we expect these challenges to continue and these may possibly difficult in the months and years to come. We are completing a phase of our business where we were very much focused on driving the optimum benefit from the merger that created the Walgreens Boots Alliance. In this phase, we have delivered far more both in terms of efficiencies and cost than we had originally anticipated. While we continue to careful and methodical work to drive efficiency and excellence across our business, we are beginning to look at the next phase of the evolution of our company. We believe this next phase will mainly be focused on Walgreens and on the structure and merchandising of our retail operation which will be intended to deliver further savings and create real value from within the business. Building on the sound corporate discipline we are exercising, the exceptional presence we have across the world and the ability that gives us to reach people at that time and place convenient to them, we have an excellent opportunity to be a cornerstone in the healthcare system we work within and a cornerstone of the communities we serve. As you have heard from George, we have opened our first Boots franchise stores in South Korea, and we continue to look to expand the geographic presence of our business including increasing our presence in Asia, particularly China, with more of a focus on retail in these markets than we have had up to now. It is all too easy to allow the reasonable and important focus on quarterly performance as a measure of progress to distract us from our longer-term opportunities, but I am confident in my belief that the challenges we face along the way are more stepping stones than obstacles to the longer-term growth of our Company in the months and years ahead. I will now hand you over to Gerald, so that we can answer any questions you may have. Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Gerald.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. I'd now like to ask Candace, our operator, to open the lines for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross today. Congratulations on the deal that you announced today. And I was just wondering if you could talk about one the  sort of the profit profile of some of the stores that you are looking to acquire and the attraction of that subcategory of stores. And then, two, more generally speaking, could you talk a little bit more about some of the additional partnerships you guys have been considering and sort of the assets that you guys bring to the table and what sort of things you think might be particularly helpful? Thanks.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Elizabeth. Good morning, its Alex here. Yes, the profit profile first of all of the stores were acquiring is more or less the average profile of Rite Aid, maybe slightly less, but more or less the same, and also the same investment profile you know thats already have been investing well in their wellness format and again these stores have got the same profile as the stores that were retaining. So we feel pretty good about that. And theyre mainly doing [filling][ph] in the Northeast, the Mid-Atlantic and the Southern, Eastern regions to give us more presence in these regions and pretty obviously, as the service of Walgreens over time can get to customers and patients in these areas. So we feel good about that core of stores were acquiring. We think they are good value for us and it will really, really improve our network particularly in the regions that I mentioned. In terms of partnerships, I think we  you also yesterday saw we announced our partnership with LabCorp which were really pleased with, seven store trials called LabCorp at Walgreens and adds on to the partnerships that we've announced in the past particularly with clinics across the many healthcare systems in the U.S. And how we see this working both from a space usage point of view, a convenience [Indiscernible] through our pharmacy and then linking into the various IT systems and technologies that we have. We really see this will drive not just cost reduction for us, but real convenience and access for customers and ultimately of course more volume descriptions for us over time in more healthcare and pharmacy services. Weve made good progress in the last couple of years with the strategy. There's more to come and as long as it fits from a customer point of view next to our pharmacy and as long as it makes sense to reduce the costs in the healthcare system, we will continue to test and trial and roll out these services.
Elizabeth Anderson: Perfect, thanks. Thats really helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, good morning. Thank you. So Stefano, you talked about looking at kind of the next phase of the evolution of the Company and it sounds like partially it's focused on the retail side and merchandising, but also on the healthcare side. So can you talk a little bit about  give us more color on how you think of expanding Walgreens role in the delivery of healthcare? And are you thinking about it from a partnership model similar to what you signed with LabCorp  what you announced with LabCorp yesterday or are you also kind of considering opportunities where you can deploy capital, especially when we think about kind of like the whole concept of vertical integration thats discussed in the marketplace?
Stefano Pessina: Well, I have spoken of a second phase of development in our company. We see when we merged, of course our focus was on synergies, and our focus was on cutting cost. And as you have seen, we have been consistent with what we were saying and we have really achieved the level of synergies and the level of cost reductions substantially earlier than promised. And at the end of this year we will have for sure better numbers then even we were expecting. So now as I said many times, the integration of the Company and the improvement of a new Company go through different phases. Now, we have done the first phase and we have other phases and in each phase that we will be able to reduce cost and probably to find additional synergies. For the time being we have rationalized the Company. We have gone through the most evident cost reduction that we could see. We have improved our procurement and we have tried to buy better or to exploit the possibilities that we had due to our scale and our geographic expansion. And now we have to go back and refine the work that we have done and of course now our focus will be mainly on Walgreens and mainly on the stores. Of course, we have done important things in the stores, we have improved the supply chains, we have changed or started to change the mindset of people focusing more on the customers we have started to collect information and data on our customers in order to understand better what they wanted and what we could do for them. And now it's time to put all these things together and to reorganize our stores in that direction. We have to understand exactly which kind of categories are really of interest for our customers because it's not particularly useful to us a bit of everything if people are not really appreciating it. And so we said that we are really focusing more on beauty, on health and beauty particularly and so we have started as you have seen, now we have started to rollout more products, we have started to test many models, but now its time to really go back and really put in act - put in the stores, so, all the experience that we have done in these two years and these will be the focus of the second phase of the development. Part of this, for sure, is the logic of having other players with us in our stores, because we have space, we will get more space with the rationalization of the stores and we have to use this space for trying to give a better experience to our customers. And so that we have trialing many different partnerships and most of those trials have been successful and we have to hold them out over time. The combination of these two things will give a new look to our stores, which is what we need and what we had really what was really in our strategy from the very first moment, but we had to create the platform, the basis in order to build these transformation of the stores. And after we will have another phase, a third phase, which will be based on technology. We are making big investments, big efforts in updating  upgrading our technology. We will have a completely new system in a few years, maybe few years in the next I would say, many months. And at that point, we would be able to make another jump in the organization of our stores and this will be the third phase. This is exactly what we told you, I would say from the very beginning or at least in the last two years and this is the program that we are following. Alex, do you want to add something?
Alexander Gourlay: No, I think Im really pleased  just one thats  I think it was mentioned in the prepared remarks. We're really moving into phase beyond the beauty differentiation phase of simplifying the core offer and were just trying to roll out up to 1,000 stores by the end of this year. So its another important step in the Phase II as Stefano described. So this is very active. It's very real in the business, and we continue to drive that model forward. And the idea of this one really is to simplify these stores and specially extend that customers can find products more easily and we can edit the products on their behalf using the data that we have been collecting in the last three or four years. So we're not slowing down here. We're actually speeding up is the main point I want to add to Stefanos description of the activity.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And just one follow-up on the guide. One is for the guide for the rest of the year and the other one within the context of this comments, how should we think about the growth algorithm going forward? So for the guide for the remaining quarter, does the increased guidance include the buyback program and are you going to see any benefit from taxes next quarter? And then when we think kind of like longer term to 2018 and beyond, do you think that given kind of like the competitive environment in the marketplace, but also your efforts to kind of like simplify the offering and sounds like potentially maybe narrowing the SKUs, do you think that you can sustain double-digit EPS growth now that you know what the Rite Aid deal would look like?
George Fairweather: Okay, Ill try and take some of those in the right order. If I start, perhaps, with just the tax, as I said in the prepared comments, the core tax rate was 25.3% and then this quarter if you look back historically, we had a relatively high number of discrete positives clearly very significantly quarter-by-quarter as you can see going back historically. And as I say you can see this was a relatively high number, but I think in terms of the core tax rate and helping you with the model, the 25.3% that you see it today is clearly under U.S. GAAP or the rate that we would anticipate at this point for the core tax element for the full-year. Just in terms of buyback program, clearly, we've announced the program just today. And I think  and just in thinking about modeling, clearly, were pretty well the end of June now, so weve really only got a couple of months to go to the year-end. So there's not really long for any impact where we to choose to commence that program, any impact will be relatively modest. Obviously, our guidance as ever is all in, but again as I said in the prepared comments it is of course assuming currency exchange rates for the balance of the fiscal year.
Alexander Gourlay: This is Alex here. We are confident from an operational point of view that we can get to that number at the end of the year and continue to drive the strategy that Stefano described so clearly. So youll see through our numbers, the volume in pharmacy continues to be as we expect it, strong as the partnerships and we made a slight improvement, but an important improvement in the underlying sales growth in the front end and the margin in the front end continues to be accretive year-on-year and cost control is good. So we remain confident that we can get that done.
Gerald Gradwell: If I could just, again, ask people to speak up and speak clearly when they're asking the questions, we cant answer questions, we cant here properly. Thank you, next question.
Stefano Pessina: I would add something. What we are trying to do at the end, we said from the very beginning, our aim is to keep the adjusted operating margin as healthy as possible. And you have seen that in spite of all the difficulties of the market. Over the last years, we have been successful in doing that and we hope that we will continue to be able to do this. There are many ways in which you can derive the numbers and the success of a company and we are really focused on these metric. We know that there are always additional opportunities to buy better additional opportunities to be more efficient and not just to cut costs for the sake of cutting cost, but to be more efficient. And so we accept that the market is a very challenging market that we have worked in challenging market for decades. We know that this will be our environment in future and as we have done for the past, we will really try to compensate and to respond to the challenges of the market through other actions that we can implement and we have always implemented successfully.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Lisa Gill: Hi, great. Good morning and thank you. Stefano, you talked about challenges and opportunities and talked about different new partnerships that will come about, obviously there's been a lot of talk about Amazon and then potentially getting into the pharmacy market? Do you view that as a potential opportunity to Walgreens or a potential challenge as we move forward?
Stefano Pessina: Well, let's say that I see everything as an opportunity and not because I am an optimist, but just because we have demonstrated in the past that we can survive in an environment. Having side so, honestly I don't believer that Amazon will  the interest in the near future in the next few years in these market, because they have so many opportunities around world and in many other categories, which are much, much simpler than healthcare which is very regulated business and also it's a business which in industry where the consolidation has been really quite significant. So there is not a lot of new things that they could do, of course they could. But not so many as they could do in other markets, so as they are a very good team and very rational team, I believe that at the end this will not be their priority. Having said so, if we were wrong and our belief was wrong, I believe that at the end of the day, we could find our goal in the new environment and we wouldnt exclude to partner with them, we wouldnt exclude to analyze the new situation of the market and to find our place adapting ourselves. So honestly I have seen the emotional reaction about the move that Amazon has done with Whole Foods, but I have found these reaction as I said emotional and with all due respect not rational, because if you analyze things accordingly, you will see that this is not the best opportunity for Amazon and you would see that the market has changed so many times in the past and the big players in this market have survived. So better luck we will continue to survive in any case.
Lisa Gill: Great. And then my second follow-up and I agree with you and I think that a lot of prescriptions sell today are Medicare Part D, and I think that's where my follow-up question is for Alex. As we think about bringing on the new 2,186 stories from Rite Aid, does that help to strengthen any of your Part D preferred networks, number one. And number two, I know it's really early to think about Part D networks as I'm sure the negotiations are going on right now, but do you anticipate many changes for 2018?
Alexander Gourlay: Obviously, yes. I think, clearly, having more pharmacies in certain markets will improve access for Medicare D for sure and thats something that we contemplated in terms of the partnerships we have. So this makes us slightly more attractive. I don't think it fundamentally changes the prices paid to be honest. It just makes us more attractive in certain markets, all will certainly help. In terms of the market itself, we continue to have strong partnerships, which you see that much of our volume beyond the new partnerships with the Prime and Express Scripts have been driven by Med D this year and we continue to operate well in that market with a target from three or four years ago. There has been some changes and that will continue to occur and we'll continue to govern these changes properly to make sure that we are paying within the prices that we think is right for the service that we provide. So we remain very confident about our position in the marketplace, very confident about the prices we have and continue to govern what we get paid as best we can under the reimbursement pressure that Stefano has described.
Lisa Gill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Cherny of UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, everyone and thank you for the details so far. So I want to dive a little bit into further the U.S. Retail Pharmacy gross profit. As you think going forward, when you talked about the reimbursement pressures, can you maybe just qualitatively give some sense of what could be some positive contributors to gross profit dollar growth within the U.S. Retail Pharmacy and then versus the reimbursement change we have now? What could be some additional headwinds that you could expect to see I guess over the next one, two, three maybe five years even?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Michael. Yes, its Alex here. So I think as George said in his prepared remarks, we are in the early stages of our new relationship with Rx Alliance Walgreens Prime and that will be accretive in terms of dollars over time. Although, as we all know, specialty is a high-sales and low-percent margin business, but that will be accretive and it's a very important market in the U.S., and we're pleased with the progress made, although it's very early days in this partnership, but you will have noted that we were able to win the FEP contract as one example of the attractiveness of this new model in the marketplace. In terms of other gross dollar opportunities going forward, it is more difficult to see in the network side of the stage to be honest, there's more headwinds, as you can see in the Retail Pharmacy gross profit. As Stefano said quite clearly, were used to living with these headwinds, and our strategy here has been very clearly to do three things. One is to increase our volume to make better use of our network. Secondly is to improve our buying capability, which again you can see very clearly. And also thirdly is to really make sure that we work with other healthcare services to improve the overall gross profit dollars weve got. And the major aim of all of these activities is to make sure that we focus on the bottom line. The operating profit at the end of the day is, I think is the most important to us. So thats how see it and I think we see that continued pressure, more headwinds and tailwinds, and we continue to work all these levers to improve our operating profit and youll see in this quarter, we improved our operating profit in the U.S. by [6%] as, I think, as one example of it.
Michael Cherny: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Valiquette of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette: Hey, good morning. Just congrats on the new deal with Rite Aid. A quick question really, just simply, is that just given the lengthy FTC review of the original proposed Rite Aid merger; its safe to say that you're now obviously pretty familiar with these specific hot-button topics at the FTC. But when you do look at the store maps in the Rite Aid slides, it does look like the stores you're trying to buy do still seem to have a decent amount of overlap with existing Walgreens stores at least on a state-by-state basis. So I guess I'm just trying to think here should we assume that the new plan takes into account feedback from the FTC such that you're highly confident in a shorter FTC review for the new asset purchase or could this still be a battle with the FTC even for the new plan? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: Okay. So General Counsel, who might answer that, okay.
Marco Pagni: Yes, hi, good morning. We should assume that we have taken a kind of specific feedback from the agency that we have received over the last 22 odd months in formulating store package that we have agreed with Rite Aid and  but beyond that I wouldn't care to express any level of confidence one way or another as to how the transaction will proceed, obviously the matter is before the regulator. But I can tell you that we have designed it in a way, which has been very carefully thought through with Rite Aid with our consul to take a kind of all the feedback that we received during the last 22 months of a very detailed review process.
Stefano Pessina: Alex, do you want to comment on the question of the overlap and whatever else?
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, as I said before, operationally we really like the spread of these stores. They really give  we get in some new markets locally, we are able to really intensify our presence for patients and customers in these markets. And of course once we get into the next phase will understand more how we can really operationalized and make the whole areas more efficient, but I think weve agreed operationally with the coverage in these new markets.
Stefano Pessina: Its Stefano here. Yes, as we said initially, we were thinking of buying a certain stores and after discussing with I think I am talking off two years ago of course. We decided that the best outcome for both company was to go to a merger. And we were thinking at the time of course and following the advice of the specialists that the merger could go through without major issues. These are not being the case, at a certain point that we have actually a good deal in order to address some concerns of the FTC. Also these new deals if they can  as you have seen a lot of time and at the certain point, we have decided that to get this variety that to go back to the old idea and to buy a certain number of stores. Of course in doing that we had  and we have to take into account and then needs of both companies. So because if the Rite Aid sell  decide to sell certain stores. They have to do eat in a way that the remaining company can be efficient and can overall take into account the money that they will receive overall can be better than before. And from our side we have to buy those stores, which are feeling certain gap that we have in our network. And in other cases are strengthen our position in other states. So this has been a thoughtful let's say deal as Marco said taking to account all the objections that we could imagine from the FTC. This is just an asset deal, but also taking that into account that our needs and the needs of Rite Aid because they have to come out from this deal as a stronger company. And we have selected a cluster of stores in certain states where we needed them. But we could not really cover all of our gap because these would have left Rite Aid in a situation which operationally would not be particularly efficient. So this is really the best possible deal between our two companies and I strongly believe, strongly believe that this is a deal, which is a very good for us because we get probably 70%  80% of what we wanted as national coverage and is very good for Rite Aid because they come out from this deal as a stronger company and with a company which can be very efficient operationally.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Thats helpful color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Charles Rhyee of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Just curious about also just staying with the FTC issue and in terms of some of the concerns they might have had leading up to today's announcement. I understand what you're saying in terms of this is more of a simple asset deal, but if I miss  you've giving them an option to buy generic drugs through WBAD and it looks like from the Rite Aid slides for a period of 10 years? Can you talk about how the FTC might view that kind of more strategic alliance on the purchasing side? And you think that perhaps presents a different kind of hindrance? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: Marco?
Marco Pagni: Yes, Charles, this is Marco Pagni here again. Were not able to comment on how the FTC may or may not see any particular facet of this transaction. But I would say is that it - it's important that the Rite Aid going forward be competitive in the market and clearly it's an option to join our procurements vehicle, WBAD will help it, but thats cost of goods going forward, which we believe is important for its competitive position in the market, and I express the view as to how the FTC will see that, but one could imagine that might be important for them.
Stefano Pessina: And in any cases, it's an option, so they can exercise it or not. So it is not a mandatory part of the deal.
Charles Rhyee: Great. And if I could just follow-up one other question with Alex, you talked in the beginning about stores with the new beauty differentiation having  doing better? Can you give us a sense in terms of comparison to the stores that have not the restructuring in that sense, what the differential in performance might be?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Charles. No, I think as we stated in markedly better particularly expects in beauty and especially driving the beauty category very well in the stores. So we are pleased with the performance of beauty. Its really coming through quite strongly. We can imagine the beauty is still a relatively I wouldnt say small, but it's not as big a part of our business for example as a consumable side of a business. We are continuing to refocus on a more profitable promotions and refocus on seasonal lines which end-to-end actually loses money and taken in from our ranges. So I think you have to look at the whole mix. So we are very confident that's why we're rolling it to another 2000 stores. We're also very confident in our partnerships with other companies, for example next has been rolled out that's a L'Oreal brand. Its a very good brand growing right now is well into the Beauty differentiated stores. And we continue to see a lot of customers signing up to a Beauty Enthusiast Cards. So again the whole model thats driving forward and we continue to see the growth coming in beauty that we had hoped to see. So that's where we are and I think obviously will more news as we get deeper into the state and as we get more grand and more beauty customers getting more interested in doing more of their beauty shopping in Walgreens.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Eric Percher of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Stefano, I want to return to your comment on this transaction being more attractive than the original deal, if we look at the cost per store, it's much lower that would seem to be a clear benefit. The amount of debt you'll issue and I'd be curious to what extent the fact that you have a lower leverage in your ability to execute on the strategy that come next plays a role in that that observation that it's more attractive. And then last as we look at I think you just said recently 70% to 80% of national coverage, how much of the benefit is achieved via coverage and the ability to offer your partners more coverage versus the density needed to obtain operating efficiencies and synergies from the stores?
Stefano Pessina: Well, on the deal, yes I said that this is a more attractive deal not because the other deals were bad, the other deals were good and we believe the other deal. But of course, after we have to make a lot of compromises and at the end of the day the deal were different from the deals that we had in mind. So this deal, its much simpler. It's an asset deal, so its less controversial  much less controversial. We don't take practically any liability. You can imagine that as part of the deal we have just talked and we have the tax savings that we will find amortizing the goodwill at least cash wise. If you think that the amortization of the goodwill is on 2,000 pharmacies practically and the inventory is on 2,000 pharmacies plus, three quite big warehouses you will see that we have a strong cash element in this deal already there. So its clear that economically and thinking of the IR, this deal is very good. On the other side, this is not a bad deal. I believe not at all, it's a good deal also for Rite Aid because at the end we don't have to give any part of the value to third parties. So in reality, the two parties are better off. And about our coverage, well, it's very important that we have a complete coverage. We were relatively weak on the East Coast. So this was our main objective particularly in the Northeast because it's a very rich region and its a region where it's relatively easy to work. So this was our main thoughts. We would like to have a few 100 stores more on the West Coast. Yes, of course, we would like it even though we are present there, but there are certain spots of Southern California and maybe the State of Washington where we would like to have a more stores. But at the end of the day, our presence there is already better than the present that we had in the Northeast. So if we had to choose by far we prefer to be stronger now and very present in the Northeast, even because as you know California is not an easy state for us and for everybody to work in the healthcare. So I believe that we are very happy what we have achieved and it's important that we have this coverage because it's important to be able to offer a wide coverage to our customers. And it's also important for us because we have a better basis to amortize our cost and we have a better basis to sell our products. Alex?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Eric. At this point of coverage being the operating efficiencies, theres both, but I would say there is probably more in the operating efficiencies side. Again, if you think of all weve achieved with Walgreens and also think of the ambition as Stefano described very well in an earlier question to simplify and make the front end more efficient and more differentiated. Once we have done that in the first phase of IT simplicity, we'll be able to plug-in all these stores into that platform. So I think theres a lot to go at in the operating efficiencies probably more than the coverage site in reality.
Eric Percher: So that said George, I'm surprised there's not more than modest accretion. Are you assuming any inventory write-downs or other elements that will weigh on that and how should we think about the synergy buckets here?
George Fairweather: I think in terms of the accretion, what we said is modest accretion in the first full-year and I think that's important to take away and were very clear on the synergies that we can deliver the $400 million over three to four years. We've got a very clear path to delivering it. And I think one of our approaches to acquisition integration is one where we have very detailed plans. We take it in a very structured way, so that we do things smoothly. We are going to be obviously  actually acquiring those stores over a period of time as we've explained in the announcement and then we will be rebranding those over time to Walgreens, bringing in the Walgreens offer. And that is not something that we would ever dream of actually big banging. We need to do it properly so that we have the customer proposition is delivered in a consistent way as we do the rebranding. So we're very confident about the returns, but what's important is to go in a straight line and do in a way where we keep the focus on the customer as we integrate the business on the service that we provide our patients rather than sometimes which you see, dare I say, I see in other businesses do, where they rush things and they don't execute properly. And I think youll have seen that consistently as with the merger of Walgreens and Alliance Boots, I think you'll see we've got a very clear track record of doing that over time.
Stefano Pessina: And youll see the main important thing, looking at the accretion, is that we will ramp up over time the transfer of the stores and in the first year we will have  it will be at a certain extent, the most complicated year, because we will have to start to do this transfer. And we have said that the transfer will take a certain  probably two, three years, it cannot  if we want to do it in an orderly fashion, if we want to do it without disruption, if we want to keep the value what  at the end we will have both, we have to do like that. On the synergies, we have said that we would have at least $400 million of synergies, of course as you know and as we have always done in the past, when we give a number for the synergies, we take into account all the elements we are practically sure or very, very confident. But over time, the experience tells us that we find other synergies and as you have seen we have  in the past at least we have exceeded what we were expecting, because we cannot see all the potential synergies today until we don't understand exactly the nature of the stores that we will have both. Remember that for the time being, we don't have the full set of numbers about on those stores. And so we cannot see exactly which kind of synergies we can achieve and we have just taken the basic synergies that we are quite confident about.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the questions. Alex just wanted to go back to the U.S. business, and I know this is the same case last quarter, but can you just help us understand a little bit better how despite the really strong script growth you've seen in the last two quarters that gross profit dollars were actually down again in the U.S. business? And I guess more importantly, is there a timetable that you're thinking about as far as an inflection in gross profit dollar growth in the U.S. business?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Robert, its Alex here. Yes, I think all the drop year-on-year, as George said in his prepared remarks about 100 basis points was due to specialty. So, there for the trend on the two quarters as you pointed, its about the same that you ask a little bit worsening, but not significantly worse. And as I said already in another remark, we are really focused on operating margin. So therefore we drive  operating margin by driving volume through the fixed  primarily fixed cost base. And again I wanted a big call, its a teams who have handled that volume and the cost base, as you see has been almost flat in reality, giving a 6% more growth in the USA in this quarter. So I think that's the model that we spoke about it before thats the model that we've been executing, recognizing, as Ive said consistently the reimbursement pressure is really  and what's driving really is market condition the consolidation really of the PBMs in particular. The downward pressure on pricing and that's a real effects that we're seeing with less inflation on branded drugs and thats clearly featured the marketplace this year in particular and we continue to see that going forward. Now we were used to this as Stefano said and we used to managing in a certain way and we're pleased with the progress of our cost of goods. The WBAB organization continues to perform well for us and we set a new partnership there with Express we announced in May. We continue to work on the cost base and the structure of the company and where Stefano said already we're moving into Phase II there and we have more opportunities there and we continue to work in partnership to make sure that we get the volume into that fixed cost base in the future. So that's our focus. It would be wrong we tell you that I see a time in the future, when I see that the reimbursement pressure going away from its current levels as the market and we are operating an effective to be within our marketplace.
Robert Jones: Okay. That's fair. And then I guess George, if you look at where the company will be post this transaction, I think it looks like maybe somewhere in the 3.5 times, leverage ratio on a rent adjusted basis is factoring the buyback as well? Can you just maybe share what the long-term leverage target is that you're comfortable with post the transaction?
George Fairweather: We've not published our long-term leverage target. We've chosen as you know Robert to talk about our commitment to solid investment grade and thats very much what our policy as we've obviously because of the time is taken since the original announcement of the original Rite Aid transaction we've obviously been building up a lot of cash, which is not something that we like doing we're very committed to having an efficient balance sheet. We have to do and thats why today when we've announced the new transaction, we've been probably announced the $5 billion share buyback program. So we're very committed to being financially disciplined to when we're looking at M&A were always very focused on the numbers. If the numbers don't add up, don't give meet our investment hurdles then we're very disciplined, we don't do transactions and so we're very happy to grow organically and invest with to do M&A when we get the right returns, but equally a very clear policy of returning any surplus funds to shareholders within those parameters that I've explained, having an efficient balance sheet very important to us.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bryan Ross: Hi, this is Bryan Ross on for Brian Tanquilut. Congrats on the record script growth again for the second consecutive quarter. My question is more when you're looking at these Retail Pharmacy contracts and networks as they come up and keeping in mind your goal to continue boosting volume through the stores? Do you get the sense that conversation with health plans or in payers are shifting more to these preferred networks like Prime and Tricare, are you actively pursuing these type of networks moving forward?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Bryan its Alex. I would say it's mixed. I mean I think so first of all nothing is fundamentally changed year-on-year in the marketplace from what we're seeing. Some peers prefer preferred networks and some preferred to have open access across the networks. So I don't think there's anything fundamentally changing. There's certainly a trend towards more preferred networks over time, but thats more accelerated or decelerated and we are in the marketplace. We look at every partnership to understand what the payer requires of us and what we can bring to them and then we work through the government processes, which are very tight in the business, what is that we expect to be paid in the current marketplace for the services that we provide. So we  thats how we see it on the  its very active for us, a very important part of our business and we try very deeply to understand what the marketplace and what the payers want from us and we're not trying to drive in any direction. We try and drive customer care and access and as such really our strategy.
Bryan Ross: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Mushkin: Hey, guys. I just wanted to poke on a couple of things. Just want a clarification and then I want to poke on a couple of things. So I think it was referenced that there was a change in the postretirement benefit that benefited costs. If you guys could tell us how much that was and then whether thats one time that would be really helpful?
Marco Pagni: The postretirement changes is one of the  a number of changes that we are doing as we look to make sure that we have a clear remuneration policy that for all our employees that this was the change that affected our relatively small population of employee. So it's really part of an ongoing program. We're very focused on  in all aspects of compensation as well as all aspects of cost base. You'll see when the Q comes out later today that there is a change in the provision of $109 million, so you'll see that number in the detail of the Q.
Scott Mushkin: So $109 million is that ongoing or is that a one time benefit for the quarter?
Marco Pagni: Our $109 million changed in the provision, but clearly in terms of the benefit going forward, there will be a benefit going forward in relation to this. But clearly we've been doing a lot of work on looking at our base remuneration for our employees in our stores, so we're seeing rising costs in those areas for all the right reasons.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. Then the second thing I want to talk about obviously with the deal that's been announced, just going through some of the HHI analysis from back when you guys did the original deal. And just kind of curious in your Salisbury, Maryland, the HHI index goes almost close to 4,000 and I assume that's maybe one of the markets. But I mean there is other markets that jump well into the region. Im just trying to get my arms around why this isnt going to be a problem. It seems to me a lot of these markets, when you look at Buffalo, New York, you look at some of these markets, the HHI index is going really high?
Marco Pagni: Yes, Scott. Its Marco again. HHI index, Herfindahl Index are pretty old technology for the FTC. So I'm not sure that are particularly focused on that as a measure at all. And as I said before, we spend 22 months with the agency, we have a pretty clear ideas to where they're concerned about overlaps and where they're not.
Scott Mushkin: So like a Bangor, Maine, where you're going to be 60% share, they are not concerned on that?
Marco Pagni: As we said, Scott, were pretty sure that we understand whether they are concerned and whether or not.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. Then my final question just has to do with something that came up earlier in the call just in transitioning from kind of streamlining the operation to kind of transforming it and then looking at the pressure on gross profit dollars. How should we look at your earnings or your EBIT algorithm in the U.S. as we move out over the next year or two? I mean it seems like it's going to struggle to grow, but I want to get your take on that and then Ill yield? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: Well, as we have said many, many times, we are not living in an environment where we will see a lot of goals and particularly where we will see margin going  gross margin going up. We accept these and we work on other part of the business, on other elements of the profit or loss in order to compensate for it. This is what we are trying to do what we have down and what we will continue to do. So if you want to say that there are in these markets  certain headwinds, of course there are. But this is the nature of the business and we have to cope with it and we have to work on the elements that are available to half and believe us that are available to us to compensate for it, which we have done until now and we continue to do.
Scott Mushkin: Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alvin Concepcion of Citi. Your line is now open.
Alvin Concepcion: Thanks for taking my question. I know earlier you had talked about the deal closing a lot of gaps in your coverage. But you have plans to divest or closed any of those stores you're playing to acquire to improve efficiency of stores where there is significant overlap?
Stefano Pessina: Listen, when we will see exactly the situation of the each store we will take the decision of what to do. What is important that to say is that  in what we have said in the $400 million of synergies that we have a given you. We have not taking into account that the benefit that we could have from the rationalization of the network. Something will be there for sure, but we cannot give you an indication because we need to see the details of each single store. Alex?
Alexander Gourlay: Thats right. Stefano, so I think there's nothing in the plan to the rationalization, but obviously well study the situation very carefully when we get to the right point in process and then we'll update you. That is as simple as that in works. We understand that model very well from within Walgreens where we have been rationalizing some stores in some markets, so we have a very clear model we used to assess the opportunity.
Stefano Pessina: And in any case, that this will be a plus up there of the deal. For the time being we are not taking into our numbers. So we would see as soon as we will be able to take a decision to take a thoughtful decision.
Gerald Gradwell: And we probably have time for one more question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
John Heinbockel: So I guess for Alex, the simplification program, if you can dive into that a little bit more deeply, is that solely SKU rationalization? Is it also process improvement, labor hours? And then as it relates to SKU rationalization, is the idea that on certain take food for example, that you cut back more deeply in something that's more convenience driven right that you're not necessarily known for, is that a bigger target than I imagine would be an OTC, HBA those core categories?
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, John, well I think again we are very rational  as we have the data now for four or five years of whats in customers baskets and we use an idea to understand exactly where we should cut the tail. And the stores are going to first of all our lowest volume stores there we're looking at from a very local point of view. So that's the first thing I would say. The second thing, I would say about this is that really is about taking the workload out of the stores. So that our colleagues can spend more time with customers and reduce of course, the store hours as appropriate with the workload is reduced. We have a very, very complicated operating model, a lot of many promotions, which in these less intense stores dont sell, causing a lot of excess working capital and sometimes loss in the business as well. So the focus really is simply on making so easy to shop, clear to shop, reducing workload and making sure there's more as available within our store for customer care. And I'm going to first 1,500 stores having done some tests and trials because these are stores where there is least risk to sales and lot's more we can learn as we accelerate that process going forward.
John Heinbockel: And then just as a follow-up to that, you talked about  the format is obviously very promotional. So what would you like to do over time? Would you like to dial back the promotions? I don't know if the format will ever work in a quasi EDLP approach, but dial back the promotions. And then if you think about personalizing circulars, what does that do to the ebbs and flows of product demand? Would that help you with respect to you're taking out or smoothing out labor in the stores?
George Fairweather: Yes, I think as I have said, go back to the point that is very promotional far too promotional. We don't think is good for us. Its not good for customers, I mean don't think is actually good for suppliers either. So we believe much more net consumption driven model and that's where were heading to. Also as customers change more and more new future will use personalization and digital marketing and more than the secular to understand what Walgreens can do for them. And we've got a mature digital organization for retail that as you know and we're making moves no to really shift to spend over time in marketing and towards digital and personalization. So all these things are true John and is an evolution of the model and we're really accelerating it based on fact, based on data and we are really making strong moves in the next 18 months as Stefano said to do that. And then we have the systems coming in and Phase III to really sustain not move and accelerate to further. So we've been running for two or three years we're very confident that we know the approach have to do. Im going to taking the steps to get on with it.
John Heinbockel: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. And that all we have time for us. So thank you very much indeed for everyone participating. Obviously, if there are any further questions, I know we didn't have time to address all the questions, the IR teams are around, about and available. And please bear with us if it takes a lot to get back to you. We do have quite a little lot of questions already queued up to get through. So thank you very much indeed and we look forward to speaking to you all again with our full-year, our fourth quarter. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP, IR and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and CEO George Fairweather - EVP and Global CFO Alex Gourlay - Co-COO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Eric Percher - Barclays Lisa Gill - JPMorgan John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Steven Valiquette - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Michael Cherny - UBS Alvin Concepcion - Citi David Larsen - Leerink Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Ajay Jain - Pivotal Research Group
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Walgreens Boots Alliance Fiscal Second Quarter 2017 Earning Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Gerald Gradwell. Sir, please begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Hello and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I'm Gerald Gradwell, I'm here with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer. He will take you through our results as usual in a moment. We're also joined by Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, who will be joining us for questions. You will find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. I will now hand you over to George again to take you through the numbers.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Gerald. Our performance this quarter was in line with our expectations despite challenging conditions in a number of our markets. We were particularly pleased with growth in U.S. pharmacy volume and market share as the early benefits of our new pharmacy contracts started to come through. We continue to work hard to secure regulatory clearance for the Rite Aid transaction and we are reiterating our guidance for fiscal 2017. So now let's look at the financial highlights for the quarter. As we expected, currency again had a negative impact, the U.S. dollar being around 16% higher versus sterling than in the comparable quarter last year. Sales for the quarter were $29.4 billion down 2.4% versus the comparable quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 0.9%. Without the extra day in February last year, this would have been up 2.2%. GAAP operating income was $1.5 billion, a decrease of 20.5%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.1 billion up 14% and diluted EPS was $0.98 up 15.3%. Adjusted operating income was $2 billion down 4.9% and constant currency was down 2.7%. We estimate this would have been broadly flat taking into account the leap year impact. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.5 billion, up 3.7% and in constant currency up 6.2%. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.36 up 3.8% and in constant currency up 6.1%. The adjusted effective tax rate which we calculate excluding the equity income from AmerisourceBergen was 23.7%. This was lower than in the same quarter last year primarily due to reduced estimated annual tax rate associated with our current year pretax earnings, an incremental discrete tax benefits. Year-to-date the tax rate on the same basis was 24.5%. For completeness, here are the numbers for the first half of fiscal 2017. I will not go through this in great detail but you will note that GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $1.94 up 3.7% versus the same period a year ago. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $2.46 up 5.1% and up 7.7% on a constant currency basis. So let me now turn to the performance of our divisions in the quarter beginning with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $21.8 billion, up 1.5% over the year ago quarter, comparable store sales increasing by 2.4%. As 2016 was the leap year, when we calculate comparable sales and prescription figures, we exclude the 29 February, 2016. Adjusted gross profit was $5.9 billion down 0.6% over the year ago quarter with the impact of the extra day in 2016 holding back growth and adjusted gross profit by over 1%. Lower retail gross profit was partially offset by an increase in pharmacy. Adjusted SG&A was 20% of sales, an improvement of 0.1 percentage points compared to the year ago quarter. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales was improved versus comparable quarters for 15 consecutive quarters. As a result of the lower adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin was down 0.5 percentage points of 7.1% resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.6 billion down 4.9%. So now let's look in more detail at Pharmacy. U.S. Pharmacy total sales were up 3.7% mainly driven by increased retail script volume. We filled 246.7 million prescriptions on a 30-day adjusted basis including immunizations, an increase of 5.9%. On a comparable basis for stores which excludes central specialty, pharmacy sales increased by 4.2% with scripts filled up 7.9%. This was the highest quarterly growth rate in more than seven years and was primarily due to strong volume growth from Medicare Part D and strategic pharmacy partnerships which we announced last year. We are pleased both with the progress of Medicare Part D an early indications of the benefits derived from our new pharmacy contracts. Within sales volume growth and brand inflation was partially offset by reimbursement pressure which was in line with what we had anticipated and by the impact of generics. Our reported market share of retail prescriptions in the quarter on the usual 30-day adjusted basis was 20.4%, up approximately 100 basis points over the year ago quarter. Total retail sales were down 2.7% on the same quarter last year. This includes the impact of previously announced closure of certain e-commerce operations and the impact of the leap day in the prior year. Comparable retail sales were down 0.8% in the quarter and what was a challenging environment. The claims in the consumables and general merchandize and personal care categories partially offset by solid growth in the health and wellness and beauty categories. Adjusted gross profit was lower than in the same quarter last year primarily due to the decline in sales. Despite the difficult market conditions, we were pleased with growth in our key categories. This was reflected by our absolute performance, as well as recent market share gains. Based on the latest Nielsen data for the 13 weeks ended 25 February, we gain share in the health and wellness, beauty and personal care categories. However, we know there is more to do and after taking further actions to help drive future performance. These include simplifying our product offering, further emphasis on our omni-channel capabilities, and expansion of our beauty differentiation program. While still early in the journey, our own brands are performing well and currently represent over 15% beauty sales in our beauty differentiation stores. We have now recruited beauty advisors across more than 1800 stores which is helping to drive No7 sales and gross profit. Repurchase levels of No7 products are been very encouraging and Soap & Glory has also got off to a good start. Following the successful introduction of No7 and Soap & Glory, we are planning to introduce another of our own brands Botanics, into our existing beauty differentiation stores in the next six months. Looking ahead we are now developing plans to introduce our enhanced beauty offering to over 1,000 additional stores by the end of the calendar year. So next, let's look at the progress of our cost transformation program. In our previously announced cost transformation program, we set ourselves an ambitious target of delivering $1.5 billion in savings by the end of fiscal 2017. I'm delighted to announce that we achieved this target ahead of plan. We now expect that the cumulative pretax charges associated with this program will be approximately $1.8 billion. This is in line with our expectations with an expanded program was announced in April 2015. These costs are higher than we anticipated in October primarily as we now expect to close around 60 more stores. The program will be completed as expected by the end of fiscal 2017 and the full benefits will be realized in future periods. We continue to expect but approximately 60% of the program costs will be in cash over time, the principle items being future lease obligations. So now let's look at the results of the retail pharmacy international division. Sales for the division were $3.1 billion, down 1.9% in constant currency again impacted by the leap year. Comparable store sales decreased 0.9% in constant currency. Comparable pharmacy sales were down 3.7% on a constant currency basis due to decline in the U.K. which is partially offset by growth in other markets. In Boots U.K. comparable pharmacy sales were down 5.2% mainly due to the reduction in government pharmacy funding. Comparable retail sales for the division increased 0.6% reflecting Boots growth in the U.K., Republic of Ireland, and Thailand. Within the U.K. Boots comparable retail sales increased 0.7% versus the year ago quarter supported by solid December trading. Adjusted gross profit for the division was down 4% in constant currency to $1.2 billion mainly due to lower pharmacy margins in the U.K. reflecting the reduction in funding and the impact of the leap year - leap day in the prior year. Adjusted SG&A in constant currency dollars was flat versus the year ago quarter. However adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales on a constant currency basis was 0.6 percentage points higher of 31% as a result of the largely fixed cost elements of the cost base. Adjusted operating margin was 7.8% and 1.4 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $242 million, a decrease of 16.7% again in constant currency. So now let's look at our pharmaceutical wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5 billion up 0.6% versus the same quarter last year on a constant currency basis. Growth was held back by the sale of Alliance Healthcare Russia in March last year and also by the leap year. Comparable sales on a constant currency basis were up 5.2%. This was behind the Company's estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of country wholesale sales. With challenging market conditions in Continental Europe partially offset by growth in emerging markets and the U.K. Market growth is particularly strong in certain emerging markets due to the timing of price increases. Adjusted operating margin which excludes ABC was 2.9% up 0.2 percentage points on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income was $226 million up 59.4% in constant currency. Excluding the $79 million and adjusted earnings from ABC, adjusted operating income was up 8.4% in constant currency reflecting procurement and cost benefits. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $2.9 billion. During the quarter, our working capital inflow was $1.4 billion. This reflected our seasonal reduction in inventories, as well as an improved receivables position. Cash capital expenditure in the quarter was $261 million. This was lower than in the first quarter mainly due to phasing. As I said last quarter, we continue to invest in our core customer proposition including our stores and U.S. beauty program, as well as the upgrades to our IT systems which we have previously talked about. This resulted in free cash flow for the quarter of $2.6 billion. Today, we announced a new share repurchase program of up to $1 billion in this calendar year with the flexibility to do this due to the changes to the pending Rite Aid transaction announced in January. So turning next to our guidance for fiscal 2017, we have maintained guidance and continue to expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $4.90 to $5.08. Remember our guidance assumes current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year and no material accretion from Rite Aid or from the new strategic alliance with Prime announced on Monday. So Ill now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So, as you have seen we have once come to you with quarterly results pretty much in line with our expectation. However, the drivers behind the results given depending on where we are with the development and continual transformation of our businesses, but we have many different levers to pull to fine tune the company and that is our some confidence in our ability to deliver solid financial performance. This quarter much of the most visible work we are reporting have been in driving efficiency within the company further improving the cash flow from the businesses and the cost factor. We are doing this while we continue to operate as likely and efficient balance sheet as we work to complete our proposed acquisition of Rite Aid. Even in the balance sheet however, you can see the signs of our drive for constant improvement. We are returning an element of value to the shareholder through our new share buyback program without undermining our intention of profitable leverage the company following the closing of the proposed Rite Aid acquisition. The U.S. Prime pharmacy market is performing very much, as we believe it would. Pricing pressures are increasing. Further rest the steady and our relenting volume growth in the use of medication. To meet these challenges, we believe that collaboration and corporation is vital. It is vital across healthcare system as a whole and between all the components of Rite from the regulators to the individual pharmacy who serve their communities every day. We have proved time-and-time again that by shaping our business to anticipate and address what is clearly identifiable trend, we can operate growing and thriving businesses in this environment. As we grow and develop our company, we seek to ensure whether the structure and nature of our business is properly aligned with the needs of the market. In this we will never do anything that we are not convinced if in the long-term interest of our shareholder. If we do not believe this to be the case we will not do it. A very good example of our commitment to working in partnership is our strategic alliance with Prime. This puts in place a new pharmacy contract between our two companies and brings together our central specialties and mail order businesses, infrastructure in which we have just over 50%. It is designed to improve our scale and competitive position in our service, competitive pricing and improved market access. Relationship like this are about more than just improving what we have today, they can create an entirely new set of opportunities for us to approach the market, achieving more together quicker than either of us could do alone and in a structure that has ensured we both benefit fairly as a result. While this will not have a significant infrastructure on our adjusted earnings per share this fiscal year, it is benefiting our volume and sales and as we integrate this business over time we believe it will benefit our adjusted operating income. Equally important, it establishes a strategically beneficial alliance to deliver future growth by better addressing the needs of a changing market. Since the announcement our strategic alliance has already contributed to Prime winning two significant contracts which demonstrates how well it is being received by the market. And we are addressing some of the legacy business issue in Walgreens and are seeing a script volumes return, we are in a much better position to begin to address the operational challenges which market demands will continue to place upon us. The retail market in the U.S. has it's own economic and the competitive pressure. There is no doubt that it is harsh and unforgiving economic climate in which to be reviewing and updating a retail offering, but we are making progress. You have heard George talk about the early indication of success in our strategy for beauty of using our strategy and brands to differentiate our trend. The growth we have seen in the health and wellness and beauty category sales and underlying margin in our stores is encouraging. Our decision to expand the beauty differentiation of strategy reflects the positive response we have heard from our customer. With revolution of our Walgreens beauty offering, we expect to see leading surpass the beauty brands sowing in path of the growing range in our store. Of course our work in beauty is only part of the changes we intend to make to change and enhance this retail mix and offering record outdoor. This work is mainly simple, not quick as we do it we must constantly monitor each individual change, carefully balancing the space and location of each product needs, and the overall customer experience. There are however plenty of example of how successful this can be if you get it right. Turning to Rite Aid, I am still optimistic that we will bring this deal to a successful conclusion, but there is no doubt that the process of getting clear for the transaction is taking longer than we expected. We are constantly and currently cooperating with FTC, Rite Aid and Fred's to get the necessary approval and close the transaction. At the same time we are working to be in a position to certify compliance. We believe that we can achieve these in the coming weeks and we are still working towards our revised timetable to obtain a clearance by the end of July. The changes to the bill that we agreed in January demonstrate our absolute commitment to ensure all transactions that meet our demanding financial and strategic requirement, while allowing us the ability to address any reasonable demand that may be made for us in obtaining regulatory approval. In terms of guidance as George said, we are reiterating our estimate range for the full fiscal year. Looking to the second half and beyond, there are some big challenges ahead and there's a lot of hard work but a huge amount of opportunity. Overall therefore we have confidence that in our ability to continue to generate and capture true value for our shareholder for this year and beyond. Thank you. Now I will hand you back to Gerald.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. We will now open the lines for questions. Vince?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the question. Given the really strong same-store script comp this quarter, that's 7.9% you guys highlighted, can you share any thoughts on maybe why you didnt see a stronger corresponding increase in the front end? Seems to be a little bit of a disconnect between the strength and the script count and then the performance on the front end comp.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Bob, it's Alex here. Yes, I think in the prepared remarks George and both Stefano said, it was a tough market first of all. So we saw good growth in a tough market, particularly in healthcare which you expect to see the link to the pharmacy business and also through investment in beauty care we saw again some solid growth. Where we didnt see growth in the front end was really in the seasonal businesses. It was a tough Valentine's Day for the whole market. And also in food where there's quite a lot of deflation driven by competition and some commodity pricing that sort of affect us last summer is still running. We do track as best as we can link sales and we are confident that we are seeing the link we expected. I'm also very confident as the market moves on this new volume and the new food will improve the front end performance against the strategy that we have clearly laid out.
Robert Jones: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I guess just going back to the Rite Aid deal on the timing. Stefano you talked about this obviously dragging on longer than you anticipated, I guess where exactly are you in the FTC seeing eye-to-eye? And then I am curious, do you think the deal can get approved given the current configuration of the FTC or does there need to be more commissioners added in order to gain approval?
Stefano Pessina: Well, as I said, I am still positive on this deal. I believe that we have a strong argument to defend this deal. I cannot comment on the organization of the FTC. It will be up to them to decide whether they have enough people or not to judge on the quality of this deal. We are doing what we can together with Rite Aid and Fred's. We are collaborating very well with the FTC and as I said, we are preparing our Fred's to be ready to 35 compliance if we will decide to do so.
Robert Jones: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Percher of Barclays. Your line is open.
Eric Percher: Thank you. Stefano, Id like to come back to your comment around Prime. The FEP win was notable and not something we expected to see on their own. So it seems like early success. As you talk about the opportunities mid-term and long term, do you see a role as enabling fulfillment in dispensing, or do you see Walgreens as having a role in enabling pharmacy benefit management as well?
Stefano Pessina: We believe that we are in the market. We have to follow the needs of the market and to be as useful as possible.
Eric Percher: So are there elements of Walgreens negotiation with manufacturers of purchasing that you think are value in the pharmacy benefit space? Can you add on to what Prime has already created there?
Stefano Pessina: To be honest, I believe that the market is evolving, is changing. And for sure, we will have a role to play in this market and we will try to, let's say, face all the opportunities that we will have in this market.
Eric Percher: Okay, fair. Two words quickly, is the buyback at all impacting fiscal year '17 guidance?
Alex Gourlay: Given the timing that we've just earlier this week announced that would be the buyback of up to $1 billion. It wont have any material impact in this year's earnings where we stop buying back shares.
Eric Percher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much and good morning. Just given your comments around the challenging front-end environment and the comments of not seeing as much pull through on uncertain whether you talk about seasonal or more commodity or food, how do you think about the layout of your store going forward? Alex, I think I heard you say that you did peephole through on a little bit of beauty, as well as healthcare. Do you think about your strategy around retail clinic and maybe perhaps growing that more. How do you think about a strategy around lab, not talking about Theronas, but more of blood drawing, more services in that aspect as we think about healthcare, and to Stefano's comment around the changing and evolving landscape as we think about healthcare needs.
Alex Gourlay: I think you are absolutely right. We've clearly got great corners. We had a platform of course is a great digital platform. So we have definitely got the right presence in the market. We don't have the right products in this space so we have physically in our stores. And we are doing something about that. I mean, as George said in his prepared remarks, we are now going to accelerate the reduction of our unnecessary SKUs. We've already been working hard in areas like seasonal before this Im going to go further particularly as we look our lower volume stores are going forward. We are very committed to finding the right products on the right healthcare solutions for this space that we free up and we've got good experience in Europe, for example, with our opticians business and with the health and care business. And of course, we've got good experience here in America with clinics. So youre absolutely right. We are really thinking very hard in testing and trialing different ways by which we can offer customers more particularly as we move more health, wellness, beauty convince model. And that's very much part of our thinking. But it will take some time. I think as we said before to get the right customer experience, the right partnerships, and particular under economics but we are comfortable to find that model in this marketplace.
Lisa Gill: Great. And then just one follow-up for George. If I look at the comps were basically up 8% on the pharmacy side but sales were up about 4%. How do I think about that? I mean, clearly I am sure generics was part of that but there is something else, is that the reimbursement component of it that's a drag?
Gerald Gradwell: It's the combination if you look at the relativity of generic deflation relative to what's happening on the brand mix is always the other factor and to much lesser extent, the reimbursement element.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: That's a combination.
Operator: Our next question is from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open, sir.
John Heinbockel: How do you guys think about the evolution of limited networks going forward, the composition of those, in a lot of cases, is the economics more likely to be around Walgreens versus CVS in some of those networks or can it be kind of be more of kind two of you and other retailers not participating? How do you think that evolves?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, John, it's Alex here. I think we play in the marketplace and the marketplace is definitely evolving towards narrower networks. We really work hard to figure out what the payer or the marketplace wants, whether that be the commercial marketplace or Med D, and obviously Medicaid as well, and we work on economic model to see what the volume evolves look like. So we dont try and drive the marketplace in that direction. We believe strongly in partnerships. We have no best interest apart from looking after our customers and giving good value, a combination of price and service. But there's no doubt the marketplace is evolving towards narrower networks and we have to operate and participate in that marketplace.
John Heinbockel: Okay. And then completely different, given your expertise in beauty, is there an opportunity for stand-alone beauty stores? And I say that from a perspective of getting access to brands that you might not be able to - and sort of Walgreens box. Is that an opportunity, you simply have too much to do inside a drugstore to think about that?
Alex Gourlay: We think the opportunity is very much inside of a drug stores and new towards more of a health and beauty convenience specialist, that's what were seeing the investment and the growth rate now. The future of the business will be focused on many ideas, but at the moment were absolute focused on making the very most of the 8 million customers who use Walgreens today both online and in the pharmacies. And also developing a more appropriate beauty offer and we're seeing some really good things happening in the early stage of this promotion of this strategy and we're going to continue to drive it and as George has said already, this will be remarks were moving to another close in stores with a beauty differentiation project. So that tells you the confidence we have in the strategy.
John Heinbockel: Okay, thank you,
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Valiquette of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks, good morning everybody, congrats on the results. Yes I guess just on the Prime Therapeutics the network deal that started back on January 1. Does that care if there's any more color on whether the amount of additional arts volume was in line with your expectations or perhaps slightly better. And also are you able to comment on how many of the 14 Blue plans have signed up for the Walgreens network deals so far?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Steve. I cant obviously again comment on the second one, but we can tell you thats absolutely in line with expectations and I can also tell you that we are pleased and also Prime are pleased on the owners of Prime are also pleased the Blues plans who own Prime. So we satisfied with the progress weve made the next phase for us is to give the members of the Blues a better value and obviously were looking at ways we can do that as the market evolves.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. And just quickly on Rite Aid not sure if you can comment on this or not, but if for some reason the FTC were to decide that Fred's cannot be buyer of the Rite Aid stores the divestitures. Should we assume that one option would be that Walgreens could then still go back to drawing board with other potential buyers of those that in stores or if Fred is not the buyer does that essentially kind of bring it in to the potential Walgreens Rite Aid merger just that youre able to comment on that or is too early to think about that next scenario?
Stefano Pessina: For the time being Stefano here, for the time being we believe that Fred is the right buyer we believe that they have particular in the configuration  we are proposing now. They are absolutely a legitimate player in this industry if for some reason this will not be the case than we will review our options of course and we will take a decision.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. All right, great thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Tanquilut: Hi, good morning guys. George it looks like you're continuing to make good progress in lowering G&A obviously tracking ahead of schedule in that $1.5 billion target. So how should we think about the opportunity going forward and the flow through for the rest of the year of the - efforts that you put in the past in terms of driving more G&A dollars down?
George Fairweather: I mean on the particular program that we talked about today we obviously are very pleased to have achieved our target the program will conclude as we previously announced  around the end of this fiscal year. Some of the benefits of that will obviously  it will continue to see and see more of in the coming years. Given that nevertheless looking for opportunities to drive efficiency in our sort of businesses is just a way of life. So we will absolutely continue to look for opportunities year after year. They will come in different places they may be in different geographies, but there are always opportunities to drive efficiency. And so it's just a never ending well continue this program will finish, but well continue to look for more opportunities.
Brian Tanquilut: Got it, thank you.
Stefano Pessina: Stefano here sorry people say well cutting cost is something that  is an end you cannot really rely on it forever, but its not just a matter of cutting cost synergies and savings are not just coming from reducing cost. Very often it depends they can depend on a different organization. And so if you have lets say an approach to the business which is completely open minded you can continue to drive efficiency and reduce cost. Just changing the organization and this is really worth what we have done for many, many years and worked I believe we are relatively good at doing. And so we continue to believe that we will able to drive efficiency for many years independently on the obvious cost cutting that everybody can see.
Brian Tanquilut: Yes appreciate the color Stefano. To follow-up Erics question earlier on FTP and specialty I was just wondering how would you describe  the pipeline do you have right now in terms of that partnership with Prime on the specialty side in terms of pipeline for new contract or should we think of this as a, kind like one-off wind where its kind choppy and also what is the pitch that you guys make to potential client and what differentiate the Walgreens and Prime specialty offerings?
Alex Gourlay: Hi guys Alex here, I think  its pretty clear about what has gone here is got the attention particularly with the Blues plans which we are very pleased about and really the pitch is really quite a simple one. Prime Therapeutics really wants that to make sure that the value they create is passed through the Blues members in different ways and what we do is really as a back shop operator particular of meal order and also specialty. I feel is to make sure that were really efficient and give great service to at least and a dispensing process. So this was a win for Prime Therapeutics FTP and obviously we believe with our greater scale and our expertise in dispensing prescription and specialty and central fill. So thats gives extra capability to Prime and not use to be seem to be marketplace as well.
Brian Tanquilut: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Just following up on the specialty questions so how was your sort of view of that market and the right competitive landscape and the right level of profits sort of evolved as you thought about the launch of Alliance Rx because its obviously been area there is a lot of scrutiny, there is a lot of questions on what the right dollar level per script or what services should be required or should not be required. How do you feel like you bring a bit of different viewpoint to may be a market that had been somewhat stagnant in the last couple years in terms of its evolution?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, its Alex again, I think that - we bring is that forward that efficiency its the marketplace but that went all over and theyre not for sure you know there is others who are larger of being that efficiency as well. But secondly we bring the opportunity of the network pharmacies as I said before we dont just a central fill we actually own independent of Alliance Rx you the special network that are those in the center of excellence primarily based during the HIV. And also we have now a couple of hundreds specialty pharmacies well show you a host of hospitals a host of specialist doctors. So again we offer you know with different register market and we offer a different approach. And we also believe strongly in this area that we should be paid for the service and the care we provide these are expensive complicated medications. We have pharmacists who are playing to the top of the certificates when theyre taking care of patients who are on these medications and we want to make sure that we are adequately remove to that part of the process and other remuneration belong to the other bits in the system. For example the PBM for example the insurance company we want to be well rewarded for giving the care that are pharmacy gets in that way.
Ross Muken: And may be on the big picture side one of the managed care organization have talked about sort of more integrated model or have talked about running a presence closer to the individual obviously you have some of the best real estate and you have also been quite great at lowering cost and prices for individuals and varying that high level of service. How of your conversations with managed care around sort of what else you can provide to them or how you were sort of dispensing organization and other services fits in with their goals. How is that conversation evolved over time and what should we be focused on in terms of sort of future opportunities high level or big picture that could go on in those relationships?
Alex Gourlay: Yes I can talk again, so again you know we have that I just seen - are sourced effectively a couple hundred and over clinics in different ways. And in these conversations they focus on really our strategic ability to become a very efficient and very localized dispensing service for them not really resonates with them. And secondly, we have as you said the real estate whether they can actually come in and have the lower cost ways of delivering services in the community outside of their more expensive systems. So these really are the two areas that we talk about a lot and we have a lot of different ways of doing that, a lot of ways of working whether it be with advocate here in Chicago. So again it's - and anyway for sure the conversation are good and we are learning together and again goes back to partnership we know what were good at I mean all of the areas where we want support and for sure clinic started to integrate is example of that.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, good morning. A couple thought questions here, first of all when we think about the script comps up 90 basis points quarter-to-quarter. Should we think about these comps continuing to accelerate through the back half of the year when you think about the opportunity to capture membership and volume from these partners? Do you think that it was all captured in the first quarter or we'll see an uptick later in the year? And second question is about kind of like the cadence of margin, should we expect to start seeing margins that are associated with these groups improving in the back half of the year?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Ricky, its Alex again. Yes, I think that we did have a helpful uptick in seasonal illness on this flu side for weeks which spiked some of the numbers for us presently in Q2. So the way I think about it is that these are driven by two factors the smaller uptick in flu and also all of these contracts and the main started 1/1, so two months and then with beauty started as 1/12 and the member Med D which again we sort of a good season Med D again started 11. So we are confident that the way we have at the moment is what we expected on the strong volume well therefore continue. In terms of margin, I would think again Ill go back to the operating margin for us it really is leveraging our fixed assets as we continue to offer market competitive prices not below market but market competitive prices and drive volume through our fixed assets. I mean spent levers are more as they have always said in the second half of the year compared to first half of the year. It's important to look at the annual results as George has reiterated and again we are keeping our guidance for the full year between 7% and 11% EBIT growth.
Stefano Pessina: But remember Stefano here, but remember that our goal has always been to keep the overall operating margin as flat as possible and the dynamic in these market and many other market is that the U.S. to give more to your customers you can get a little more from your suppliers and you can become more efficient. And so at the end combining these three elements you have to manage to have a margin overall year-on-year more or less flattish if possible.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And following up on that when we think about getting more from the suppliers and getting more efficiencies on the back-end. Do you still see opportunities to improve kind of fact purchasing efficiencies or growth scale for WBAD? One contract that is going affect up in the market it comes to mind is the Express Scripts AmerisourceBergen contract. Do you see an opportunity there?
Stefano Pessina: It had always opportunities in the market and we are looking at the market very carefully and we will try to see all the opportunities that we will see in the market.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. But is there something that is kind of fact already included in guidance or is that could be potential outside?
Stefano Pessina: When we give our guidance we try to put in the guidance all the elements that we believe certain or very likely I cannot give you more details as you can easily understand.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then lastly on the tax rate, tax rate came in lower than we anticipated how should we  think about the tax rate George for the remaining of the year?
George Fairweather: I think really it always looks at the year-to-date effective tax rate and if you look at that from an adjusted basis as I said that was around 24.5%. So I think tax obviously you know mix can change quarter-by-quarter but looking at year-to-date I think its perhaps the best way of thinking about this discrete items of course the timing of those, there was a little bit uncertain and they can go up or down but think of the year-to-date.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Cherny of UBS. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good morning everyone, and thank you for all the details so far. Maybe to ask Ricky's WBAD question a little bit of a different way. As you think about the general deflation youre seeing across the market, how do you think about the trade-off in terms of what you're seeing across the market what you can't control versus what you're doing with regards to sourcing. And on go forward basis depending on how youre planning for what an uncertain scenario to place in an environment how is that positioning you in terms of being able to drive either incremental sourcing or essentially eating some of the potential challenge you have on the pricing side?
Stefano Pessina: We make certain functions and on the basis of these assumptions we have our internal targets. And I repeat the assumptions are taking a really into account all the different pieces of information that we have on the market.
Alex Gourlay: And so it's all in here, and I think we're in the market so we see how the market is changing in terms of price pressure and we except that. And were always working on the 1 areas. One is sort of we actually buy that and how do we continue to not just save money as Stefano has said but to recreate the organization and move money were into invest and as we can grow, and grow volume. So I think  we've never had and I defy that the pricing pressure is there but its never and weve always been aware of it and always trying to anticipate that in our guidance. So is the market and got to operate within it and for sure we believe we have a strong strategy for the market in the U.S.
Michael Cherny: Great. Thats all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alvin Concepcion of Citi. Your line is open.
Alvin Concepcion: Thank you. Just wanted to follow-up on the question about operating margin in the back half of the year how should we think about it by segment international retail operating margins in the back half should that continue to be challenge at a similar level as you in the quarter or are there opportunities there and also the U.S. is that something that you expect to flatten out in the back half?
George Fairweather: I mean obviously we havent given specific guidance by segment we had first provide by reiterating our overall guidance figures I mean in terms of thinking about sort of the modeling. There is going to be a number of factors that you've got to think about and firstly we will we are consolidating the new Prime deal from Monday when we completed it. You need to think about that in factoring the U.S. model recognizing obviously that is a specialty on mail business with different dynamics. In terms of the international businesses, I think as we've said in the prepared remarks there is still the challenge in the U.K. with the NHS having cut the reimbursement that will continue the basis has performed robustly as we said over key customer period. But retailing is still itself quite challenging particularly in the U.K. which is our largest market. And then on wholesale sales, wholesale always a its kind of business or division that operates in a number of markets you can always get certain mix affect quarter-by-quarter. So it's tough to model I know quarter-by-quarter but I did point out in the prepared remarks that in certain of the emerging markets we had some growth really in the period when you get price changes in the market where people tend to buy ahead of customers buy ahead of the price change and that was the notable impact in the second quarter.
Alex Gourlay: And its Alex again. Just really quickly on the U.K. as George has said the reimbursement pressure was the main reason for the decline, really there was two things government did one they normally do which is they buy margin which is normal in the U.K. contract. But secondly this year on December they actually remove some of the service payments, practice payments. And again if you look on new deals, youll see thats a big issue in the U.K. So that really is the reason why weve had our increases and operating profit. These two business had a good December and that were focusing and controlling our costs its really driving as we always do, you need a bit of products particularly in beauty and some marketplace and developing new pharmacy services. So were looking to stabilize our business, but the impacts or the government action has been strongly share our main U.K. business.
Alvin Concepcion: Great, thanks for the color. And just a quick follow-up on the beauty initiatives and the remodel just wanted to get an update on what youve seen from those if youve seen an uplift of comps not only beauty section but also the overall store and some these mover of markets and if so could you quantify that at all?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Alex again, I mean really it so wildly on the 2,000 stores if you would call we had about a marketplace in Phoenix which we tested and trials I mean took the best model and remained that really last year into the first 2,000 stores. So far so good were seeing that the beauty brand is growing we should expect it to do and over time well develop you know the offer in the marketing around that new beauty offering. But this trial is to tell the affect that is going to have on the rest of our business but we remain confident and will have a positive impact.
Alvin Concepcion: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from David Larsen of Leerink. Your line is open.
David Larsen: Hi, can you talk a bit about how youre going to roll up the Prime partnership into your P&L. So like for example obviously with this $2.9 billion contract that Prime just won in specialty. Like how much of that is going to flow through your P&L like when we think about central fill for specialty I guess what portion of specialty would that be any kind color there would be great? Thanks.
George Fairweather: Well just on the accounting side I mean we will account for it on a fully consolidated basis. So when you're looking at our of sales, our adjusted operating income then you will obviously see a 100% of the entities results coming through, but then when you're actually looking at an earnings attributable to our shareholders to the WBA shareholders, we strip out and align the proportion that is attributable to Prime itself and I think as we said we own just over 50% of the business. So when you thinking of EPS then it will be our share if you thinking of operating it's a 100% also in the accounting books.
David Larsen: Thats great. So for FEP win that $2.9 billion in revenue all of that is going to flow through onto your P&L and then if they win say mail in a year or so that would also all flow through into your P&L that full $2 billion or $3 billion for now and $2 billion or $3 billion for specialty for revenue?
George Fairweather: Anything that goes through the venture that the new combined venture as to say we show a 100% in revenue 100% in adjusted operating income but then we strip as I say at the lower end of the P&L that the Prime share. So when we are looking at adjusted earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance staffs got their share netted out.
David Larsen: Okay, great. And then I think Prime uses WBAD as well, right through ADC. So the value-add or pitch to managed care clients is both - I mean there's a significant cogs benefit there I would imagine right for the managed care
Stefano Pessina : We cannot comment on that. We cannot comment on the contact that Prime have or we'll have.
David Larsen: Okay, thanks. Congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Mushkin of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Mushkin: Hi, thanks guys. Most of my questions have been answered but I just had one regarding the U.S. profitability in the pharmacy as we look out, you know, if the Rite Aid deal does not get approved, how should we frame it as we move out over the next year or two or three with all these contracts that has been signed specifically the profitability of the pharmacy?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Scott, its Alex here. Again, as we have been really clear, we are independently working hard on our pharmacy strategy independent already and we feel very confident with the network we have already is strong enough to be very competitive in the marketplace. Anything that we achieve when the FTC gave a decision to approve Rite Aid will be incremental as George has indicated in the EPS numbers and also in terms of the synergies we announced as part of the deal.
Stefano Pessina : And also you will appreciate that we will not be able to integrate all the stores of Rite Aid overnight. There will be a period portfolio of certain number of years where we will have to rely mainly on our stores. And in the meantime, we will integrate all the stores of Rite Aid. So you cannot see the effect immediately.
Scott Mushkin: Right. And then looking at the front-end, obviously the beauty part of it seems to be working out that well and I just want to clarify, do you see another 100 stores are going to get the enhance beauty between now and the end of the year? I just want to make sure is that number correct.
Gerald Gradwell: Yes, it's roughly under 2000 just now, and it moves up to roughly 50,000 over a state of just under  we're going to see just approaching 8300. So, 3000 will have this by the end of this  really the end of the summer effectively.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. And then any thoughts on what those stores do in comparison to the rest? I think you are a negative 0.8 comp on the chain but those stores perform 100, 200 basis point better, any parameters you have on that?
Gerald Gradwell: No, again it's really early on and the way we measure this really is about the underlying retail margin, the operating margin in particular and the more we see increases, relatively speaking, in beauty care and healthcare but in the beauty care, the more we see the retail underlying margin improving over time in a sustainable way. We are working around, I'd say, the rest of the model. As Stefano said in his opening remarks, we are changing this model in quite a torrid time in the U.S. for market changes. So we are very pleased with the progress we are making. But that's how we measure it.
Scott Mushkin: So then my final one is pretty good quarter considering all the headwinds that the business faced. As we look out over the next 6 to 12 months, do you see any change in the headwinds that the business is facing? Do you think it's abating? Is there any light at the end of the tunnel, or is it going to continue to be this difficult as you move through the next 6 to 12 months? And that's it for me, thanks.
Stefano Pessina : Well there are headwinds but we hope that we will be able to have also some tailwinds. And so we hope that at the end we will be able to deliver what we have promised.
Gerald Gradwell: I would just reiterate. If you just think of the guidance that we've given, we have maintained our guidance today. If you do the maths, then that implies to 7% to 11% year-over-year growth and that includes approximately a 12% headwind for currency. So if you exclude the headwind and obviously currency can go one way or the other but if you exclude the headwind then the guidance implies 9% to 13% year-over-year growth and underlying adjusted EPS. So I think that really I think gives us strong indication of what our thinking is and what we see how the businesses is performing overall. And as we said at the start of the year, this would be a more second half weighted in the year. The first quarter, second quarter has come out very much in line with our expectation. So that's really how we're thinking about how the business is performing at the moment.
Scott Mushkin: Perfect guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Ajay Jain of Pivotal Research Group. Your line is open.
Ajay Jain: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Most of my questions have been answered already, but I just wanted to clarify why you feel like you have more flexibility. I think in your prepared remarks, you tied together the new buyback program would be the latest Rite Aid developments. Maybe I am reading too much into it. But did the earlier comments just reflect any - do they reflect any greater or less confidence in a merger going through, or is the flexibility just a function of the lower offering price for Rite Aid?
Gerald Gradwell: The flexibility is simply obviously the lower price and the timing. I mean, we've been very clear that in terms of our policy is solid investment grade. We worked very closely with the credit agencies as you would expect which is important for our debt investors. And with the timing of the transaction with the revise consideration and with - what continues to be a very strong cash flows, I think youve seen again from this quarter's results that simply is why we've decided to announce what is the relatively modest buyback program. It's fine tuning is how I would describe it.
Ajay Jain: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gerald for any closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much indeed, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for our calls. Sorry for the technical problems we had at the beginning, but I believe you could all hear after we restarted. So thank you very much indeed and the IR team are available to take all and answer any questions you might have in the coming days, weeks, months whatever. And we will look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much indeed.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Fairweather - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer Alex Gourlay - Co-Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Alvin Concepcion - Citi George Hill - Deutsche Bank Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse David Larsen - Leerink Eric Percher - Barclays Steven Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance First Quarter 2017 Earning Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects. Sir, you may begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. And can I first say that in keeping with our corporate staffs on cold and flu, a number of us have gone out and caught colds and flus, so please bare with us if we sound slightly bunged up this morning. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer will take you through our results as usual. Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreen Boots Alliance is also here and will join us for questions. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, todays presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. I will now handover to George to take you through the numbers.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Gerald. Overall, we are pleased with the progress of this quarter with results in-line with our expectations. We continue to make good progress towards completing our Rite Aid transaction. And today, we have raised the lower end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2017.  So, turning now to the financial highlights for the quarter, as we expected currency had a negative impact on the year-over-year financial performance, the U.S. dollar being around 18% higher versus sterling. Sales for the quarter totaled $28.5 billion, down 1.8% versus the comparable quarter last year. On a constant currency basis, however, sales were up 1.1%.  GAAP operating income was $1.4 billion, a decrease of 1.4%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.1 billion and diluted EPS was $0.97. Adjusted operating income was $1.7 billion, up 0.4% and in constant currency was up 2.8%. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.2 billion, up 6.1% and in constant currency up 8.2%.  Adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.10, up 6.8% and in constant currency up 9.7%. The adjusted effective tax rate, which we calculate excluding the equity income from AmerisourceBergen, this was 25.5%. This was lower than the same quarter last year, primarily due to changes in our forecast geographic mix of pre-tax earnings and the U.S. taxation of our non-U.S. entities. So now, let me now turn to the performance of our divisions in the quarter, beginning with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $20.7 billion, up 1.4% over the year ago quarter, comparable store sales increasing by 1.1%. Adjusted gross profit was $5.5 billion, up 0.1% over the year ago quarter reflecting an increase in retail, which is partially offset by a decline in pharmacy.  Adjusted SG&A was 20.4% of sales, an improvement of 0.5 percentage points, compared to the year ago quarter. This reflects benefits from our cost transformation program. Adjusted operating margin was 6.2%, up 0.1 percentage points resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.3 billion, up 3.7%. So next, lets look in more detail at pharmacy. U.S. pharmacy total sales were up 2.5% driven by increased script volumes and higher specialty sales.  We filled 237.6 million prescriptions on a 30-day adjusted basis, including immunizations, an increase of 3.0%. On a comparable basis for stores, which exclude central specialty, our pharmacy sales increased by 2.0% with scripts filled up 3.4%, primarily due to drop in Medicare Part D volumes.  Within sales, volume growth and brand inflation was partly offset by reimbursement pressure, which was in-line with what we anticipated and by the impact of generics. While branded drug price inflation continued, it was at a more moderate level than in prior quarters. Keep in mind that these factors impacted sales and gross profit.  Our reported market share of retail prescriptions in the quarter, on the usual 30-day adjusted basis, was 19.5%, up approximately 40 basis points over the year ago quarter. Total retail sales were down 0.9% on the same quarter last year. This includes the impact of the previously announced closure in September of certain e-commerce operations.  Comparable retail sales were down 0.5% in the quarter due to declines in the consumables and general merchandise category and in the personal care category, partially offset by increases in health and wellness category and beauty category. Gross margin was higher than the same quarter last year, primarily driven by owned brand performance and procurement benefits.  Since the quarter end, while our December comparable sales were still negative, we saw stronger performances in our key health and wellness and beauty categories. We have now completed the first phase of the rollout of our new differentiated beauty offering, which is available in more than 1800 stores.  In addition, in October, we launched Beauty Enthusiast, a new loyalty offering which engages our most valuable beauty and personal care customers. Since the launch, with signups and incremental spend among Beauty Enthusiasts has been above plan. As we anticipated, we have increased beauty sales in these remodeled stores, particularly No7 and Soap & Glory.  During 2017, within these stores, we plan to introduce further new product lines, as well as expand the number of stores with beauty offerings. A significant element of the rollout is the recruitment and training of beauty consultants. In order to maintain high standards, we are doing this in a methodical manner, which is taking slightly longer than expected.  So now, lets look at the results of the retail pharmacy international division. Sales for the division were $3.0 billion, up 0.5% in constant currency. On the same basis, comparable store sales decreased 0.1%. Comparable pharmacy sales were down 0.5% on a constant currency basis, due to a decline in the UK, which was partially offset by growth in other international markets.  Boots UK comparable pharmacy sales were down 0.8%, due to the expected reduction in pharmacy funding, partially offset by strong performance in pharmacy services. Comparable retail sales for the division increased 0.2%, due to growth in all countries other than Chile and Mexico. Within the UK, Boots performance was flat versus the year ago quarter, and we saw growth in our opticians business. Adjusted gross profit for the division was down 2.7% in constant currency to $1.2 billion, mainly due to lower margins in the UK in what is really a new environment for retailers. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales on a constant currency basis increased by 0.7 percentage points to 32.5%, mainly reflecting higher depreciation costs than the year ago quarter.  As you may recall, in January last year, I explained that fiscal 2016 first quarter results benefited from purchase price accounting refinements. In addition, the higher depreciation this quarter reflected our ongoing IT and store investment program. Adjusted operating margin was 7.2%, down 2.0 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $213 million, a decrease of 21.6% again in constant currency.  Since the quarter end, Im pleased to report that December retail sales growth was notably stronger than in the first quarter. Boots December retail performance was solid, reflecting actions taken in the full to counter what are challenging market conditions. However, from December 1, as expected Boots was impacted by the government action to lower pharmacy practice payments. So now, lets look at our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5.4 billion, up 0.6% versus the same quarter last year on a constant currency basis. Comparable sales on a constant currency basis increased by 4.7%, this was slightly ahead of our estimated market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales, with the growth in the UK and emerging markets offsetting competitive market conditions in continental Europe.  Adjusted operating margin, which excludes ABC was 3.1%, up 0.3 percentage points on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income was $224 million, up 45.2% in constant currency. While the increase was mainly due to equity earnings from ABC, excluding this, adjusted operating income grew by 10.2% in constant currency, cost benefits, outweighing margin pressures.  Operating cash flow in the quarter was $525 million. During the quarter, our working capital outflow was $1.2 billion. This reflected our typical seasonal build in inventories and inventory build to a certain new initiatives, partially offset by improved payables days. Cash capital expenditures for the quarter was $378 million. We continued to invest in our core customer proposition, including our stores and U.S. beauty program, as well as the upgrades to our IT systems, which we have previously talked about. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow for the quarter of $147 million.  So turning now to our pending acquisition of Rite Aid, as you all have seen from today's earnings press release we are actively engaged in discussions with the FTC, and are still working towards the close of the acquisition in the early part of this calendar year, having announced the Fred's agreement on December 20, 2016.  So turning now to guidance for fiscal 2017, we have raised the lower end of guidance by $0.05 and now expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $4.90 to $5.20. This assumes as before, Rite Aid accretion of $0.05 to $0.12 and current exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. Now keep in mind, we still expect second half year growth to be stronger than in the first, as we get to benefit from the strategic partnerships announced last year.  During the quarter, we purchased 5.6 million shares at a cost of $457 million. This substantially completes our anti-dilutive share buyback program for fiscal 2017. At the quarter end, this resulted in just over 1.79 billion common shares outstanding.  So, I will now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. As you have heard, the results for the quarter are good and very much in line with our expectations. As usual, they tell the story of a dynamic business with many moving parts. And we are aware of the complication these some things creates for people looking from outside the company when they try to measure our progress, especially on a quarter-by-quarter basis, when we are fulfilling strategies that are aimed at delivering value over the long-term.  Last quarter, we told you that we expect that our result for fiscal 2017 would be weighted towards the second half of the year as our new agreement with key strategic partner that begin to believe that volume increase offset the commercial sizing that we have given. As this implies, we will continue to see this impact in the second quarter of the year, which is as we expected and previously segmented.  We continue to deliver major progress with cost reduction outsourcing both areas in which we have a lot more progress to make, which is allowing us to deliver these good financial results, while we implement initiatives to drive growth in our store. Further differentiate our retail offering and promote our own and exclusive brand across our businesses. We are still at an early stage of the deployment of new retail initiative in Walgreens and are refreshing the offering and in the processes to announce the customer experience.  Looking forward to recognize the natural work we're doing in the US. We are trying to bring on new way of thinking to our company, which if we're successful we will hopefully influence the sector alone. We're focused on working in partnership to provide a better, more efficient, and more effective approach within the U.S. customer. To make a better use of the infrastructure in place at the moment, rethink how we do along the other things that we do today.  There is no doubt that the healthcare system needs to change by improving the provision of health care, while at the same time acting to control the rapid growth in costs. We are working to play our part in the changes that need to happen to achieve this and as we deliver value in the system that we create we capture an element of that volume within our own business. Of course, we are a single part of the system, so can only do so much on our own, which is why we are succumbed to partnership and talk about it so much.  Working together with others to rethink the interaction and interfaces within the overall system allows us more impact within the system, a more leverage of a side and more ways and opportunities to create value, both in our business and in the system as a whole. Of course, the U.S. is only a part of our business albeit a very significant part.  Overall, across our company our business has changed and constantly reinvents themselves to remain relevant in the ever changing market. So, we continue to work to grow and develop the company as a whole. During the quarter, I have visited mainly of our operation outside the U.S. and they remain convinced that there are opportunities for us internationally. I said in the past that Asia and Latin America are areas of particular interest perhaps outside the U.S. And the more I see of the market the more convinced I am of these.  In terms of corporate development, you have seen the progress we announced at the end of December regarding the proposed transaction with Rite Aid, in having reached a conditional agreement with Freds. We still have to complete our work with FTC and as we have seen these things can take some time, as the FTC are scrupulous in ensuring that they consider everything properly and fully. As said, I remain as convinced as ever of the strategic benefit of the proposed Rite Aid transaction. I look forward to being able to provide you with another update as soon as we can.  We are clearly making progress and while I would always like to move faster and do more, we must be measured and ensured we work at the pace with which we are confident, we can deliver for our customers and our shareholder with all the plans and strategies we have discussed with you. How confident? It is only strengthened by our recent performance. Holiday shopping started later than usual, with the bulk of the sale occurring in the last days before Christmas. That said, we have once again seen what appears to be a solid holiday period in our main retail market.  As George had told you, we are raising the lower end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year. As we see the business from in-line with our expectation. We continue to have mainly different ways to deliver the value and growth that we see possible in the business and as ever we will value each of these with prior guide depending on the market and the competitive changes that we see, but overall these continue to give us the tools we need to maintain the financial performance we have committed to further company as a whole.  Overall, we remain confident in the outlook for the company, optimistic that the strategies that we are pursuing will deliver future growth and convinced of the long-term opportunity to create the genuine value for this business, for many years to come. Thank you.  Now I will hand you back to Gerald.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. Were now ready to take your questions. Operator, can you open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Ross Muken: Good morning gentlemen. So Stefano, you talked about the changing healthcare landscape, youre obviously doing a lot of things to kind of revolutionize in some ways, how the supply chain functions, you know as you think about the competitive responses as you think about the partnerships that have happened, where do you feel like youve made the most progress and where do you see the sort of next leg of big opportunity, and obviously its going to depend somewhat on the Rite Aid transaction in terms of what you do next, but just on the core business, where do you feel like you have done the most and where do you feel like in the U.S. business you have probably the most to do.
Stefano Pessina: Well apart the Rite Aid transaction as you said, I believe that the big achievement of the last year has been for us to be able to create really a bridge with the main PBM and other big players in this industry, and now we have certain joint ventures, we have certain - let's say contracts that may be new patients as a consequence of what - of these or what we have done, but we have something which is much more important. We have established the trust.  The trust between us and a certain number of companies, not all of them, not everybody has been able to create these elements of trust, but for certain companies, the trust is there and on the trust we can build a lot of additional opportunities in future. And so, our relationship with Prime, our relationship with Express Scripts, our relationship even with Optum, even though there have been many discussions about Optum, but are creating a new basis of discussion and new basis of collaboration, which of course can go beyond a simple contract and can probably - at the end also take in consideration a wider scenario.
Ross Muken: That's helpful. And maybe just quickly on the international business, you know you highlighted obviously key emerging markets as a place for expansion, you know you entered a number of different countries with different mild acquisition, joint venture etcetera over time, I mean is this the kind of environment currently that is favorable toward accomplishing may be more of those goals and in terms of expanding your geographic reach and then to help us understand what are the key challenges, obviously we have seen folks enter Brazil and at times thats been tough for Russia et cetera, what makes for a good emerging market in your view in terms of the ability to make money there and what not?
Stefano Pessina: You see, its always a tricky answer because things change so rapidly. For sure, I wouldn't be particularly excited to invest in Brazil unless we could find a very, very favorable situation, but Brazil is still a big country, sooner or later it would be interesting again. But you see countries like China, for instance are still enormously interested. I remember that in China we have a good presence in sales but not as a retailer and this is due to a historical reason that until three years ago the foreign people could have just 30 pharmacies. So, we had 30 pharmacies, we were 29 in Brazil. So, we were prevented by the pharmacies there.  So the only way to do so was to team up the minority with state-owned company. So, we have -- now this restriction has been a reality, I would say even withdrawn, there are still certain things, but substantially withdrawn and from - in the last two years, we have been very, very active in finding the right partner for us to have a big pharmacy chain. Sooner or later we will be able to it.  The problem is that you have to dedicate a lot of time to get a deal in China, and its true that we have a team in China, a permanent team in China of Chinese people, but it is also true that to do a big deal in China, you must have the agreement of the Chairman of the relevant company and the Chairman generally doesn't want to talk to the Chairman.  China is really, its a very high hierarchical society. And so, it's also true that in the last two years, I have not gone to China as frequently as I used to go. And so I was not able to keep the relationship as I should have done, but now I have gone to China, I have spent some time to China in the last months and now we are back and I believe, I strongly believe that sooner or later we will be able to do something. When? I don't know, but it is possible.
Ross Muken: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alvin Concepcion with Citi. You may begin.
Alvin Concepcion: Great. Thanks for taking my question. How would you characterize the competitive promotional environment in the U.S.? There has been some concerns that recent partnerships and your wins could result in things like a price war, so I'm just curious, your take on it?
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning Alvin it is Alex here. Yes, we are - I think as we said quite a few times in the last 12 months, our partnership strategy is to really get deeply inside conversations with our partners to understand what they want from us, and it is not about price, only prices, it is also price and service on how we work together to really help them get their goals of creating better health outcomes. So we feel good about where we are now. We are in the very early stages of delivering these services to our pharmacies to TRICARE, and the first month is going well. And of course January 1st is a very important one for the extension of Med D and our new Prime networks, which again kick-in in Jan 1.  So there is no other place from our point of view. We got a very clear governance structure, we make sure that we stick to the pricing structure and with the market - is that not below the market, and that's very important to us. And we are working very hard to deliver existing customer care to the pharmacies to make sure we take care of the patients, our [indiscernible] given us had to take care of.
Alvin Concepcion: Thank you. I know this is a tough question, but in light of the new political climate in the U.S., what kind of changes for the operating environment you know things like the potential appeal of the Affordable Care Act, what are you planning for in your outlook, is there anything proposed out there that would change your way of thinking about the business?
Stefano Pessina: We really believe that we could start to work on hypotheses with information that we have. We have a lot of affirmation that will appeal the ObamaCare okay, but after they say yes, but maybe we have to give something similar. We have to create a transition. Its very difficult to understand what worked practically, the new administration will decide to do because for sure will try to do something sensible and rationale and they will start something, which will not be to the detriment of the citizens. So, it will take some time to start, probably the outcome will be quiet rationale and at that time we will be able to organize ourselves and prepare our business to respond to the new environment. We don't have to be taken by panic, just because the rules, mainly rules - the rules are changed. We have to wait for the changes and after rationally we will decide how to react without panicking.
Alvin Concepcion: Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
George Hill: Yeah. Hi good morning and thanks for taking the question. I guess Alex I wanted to talk a little bit about the U.S. business and the price versus volume trends you are seeing there a little bit, where you guys continuing to see volume up pretty comfortably on the Scripts side with dollar sales coming in below that? However, from a lot of the data that we look at, it looks like net price mix is still trending positively, so I guess can you talk about what are the factors that are driving the discrepancy where dollar sales are coming below script volume growth?
Alex Gourlay: Yes sure George. I think that if you take it from our quarter-to-quarter, the differential for us is just under 3% as you really pointed. And we see really a couple of main factors George mentioned on the script. The first one is less inflation in branded drugs, thats pretty clear and thats our major chunk of it. The second one is volume. Volume in the market is down. So as you see we are doing pretty well in the market, 40 basis points open market share from what we measure, but overall the volume in the market is down in this quarter relative to the last quarter, and I think that's on top of that. And as you said, we have been pricing model competitively in some of our networks in preparation to drive volume as Stefano and George said in the second half of this year. And again that is the third element for us. So that really is the three elements that we see reimburse some pressure continuing, branded inflation de-accelerating a bit of volume decline in the market during this period.
George Hill: Okay that's helpful. And then maybe a quick follow-up. Theres been a little bit of chatter in the market recently about the launch of some of the biosimilars, particularly on the pharmacy benefit side with wholesalers trying to take different tax around whether or not they will supply or carry these drugs, I guess how are you guys thinking about primary and secondary wholesaler relationships in general and kind of secondary source contracts if your primary vendor doesn't want to carry certain products or wholesalers all the sudden want to be more selective about products they want to carefully depending upon the economics they can generate from manufacturers?
Alex Gourlay: To be honest we have a great relationship with AmerisourceBergen and we, as you know we are very strong partners of particularly having both the second warrants. So from my point of view, we have direct conversations of how do we continue to make the supply chain more efficient, and that is a small part of the conversation, there is many more opportunities that we're speaking about today for tomorrow. So, to be honest, it really is not an issue we see as a big opportunity right at this point.
George Hill: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, hi good morning. So a couple of questions. So first of all, obviously retail and pharmacy comps, soft across the industry yet did you raise the bottom end of the guidance, so what has changed since you guided that gives you more confidence in the outlook for the remainder of the year?
George Fairweather: We're obviously very pleased to be able to raise the lower end of guidance by $0.05. This really reflects that we are now four months into the year that gives us a clearer view of our performance. You have seen that we have obviously delivered to expectations in the first quarter and we remain confident very much about our ability to deliver the numbers going forward, but I think when you actually look at the shape of the results you can see obviously, you know Alex has talked about the market, the volume issues and there has been questions about margins, but we delivered very strong cost controls, which is very much a key focus of us across all our divisions, and again you would have looked to the mix of the profits and the taxes has again helped us a little bit on the comparables.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Ricky is Alex here. So, theres only two things. First one, Ive spoken about already and we have seen in the first month of Tricare, and is on plan, and that gives us the confidence for the rest of the year, and we will see the first month of Prime that is already this month. Secondly, and I think equally important strategically we have seen all in going solid trends through our investments, particularly in beauty, wellness and health, capturing these on the front end, and you know we saw retail pharmacy operating margin, as you know step up as a result of our investments and our focus on environment service and differentiated products and differentiation is the key example we have.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay and then when we talked in the past, you talked about the vision of Walgreen is being kind of like the new retailer with lot of different wraparound service that will attract patients and consumers into the stores. I think you recently opened or are piloting a vision offering in one of your flagship stores, can you talk a little bit about what type of assets you are looking to add to your current offering and how it fits in with the recent partnerships that you signed in 2016?
George Fairweather: Sure. I think we have, we have got solid businesses in Europe, particular in all of the UK if you want send both optical and hearing care. So we have great partnerships in these businesses and we have partnerships with manufacturers that help us, so we have tested as you said, a pilot really in our flagship store in Chicago and that is really is to try and understand the market and how customers will react to that and will take decisions based on how that comes through going forward. So, these are two vision and hearing care, which clearly we could transport from our experience in Europe.  I think also we've been very successful in the last 12 months been able to outsource our retail clinics and again as a partnership model that we will speak about a lot and we have continued to sign deals and outsource these successfully with many partners across the Medicare, and again thats another way that we bring wraparound services and more patients into all regions by walking closely with local service providers, providing the services they want inside of a pharmacy across USA, thats an example of how we're thinking, how we're walking.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lisa Gill with JP Morgan. You may begin.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you, good morning. George, I just want to start with a question for you, you talk about being back half driven and I think we heard you say that when you gave the initial guidance, but Im just curious as to how to think about the cadence and how do we think about going from Q1 to Q2, should it be a little more back half weighted than what you are currently seeing in the street, is that the message that we should be taking today?
George Fairweather: I think the message today is no different to the message we were certainly trying to give in the full quarter, sorry, in the full year results. The partnerships that we have been talking about it will - it takes time for us to build the volume and so when you are actually looking at relative numbers, our expectation is that as always been the earlier part of the year, relatively would be the tougher part. Then it will take time for us to build the volume to see the gross profit therefore in dollars and dollars come through from these, the new partnerships that we are also excited about. You should think of that in shape and really be thinking about as that of being a build across the four quarters and take the first quarter results as an indication of that and then think in terms of building.
Lisa Gill: And then my second question, and maybe I have misunderstood this, but I never thought of drug price inflation as being very important to the drug retail model, am I misunderstanding that, is there more than just that interim opportunity of capturing some level of spread as the price went up before the reimbursement changed or are there other inventory opportunities or something else because I did hear you call it today, less or moderating drug price inflation as being a little bit of a headwind?
Alex Gourlay: Hi this is Alex. Sorry if I missed. The headwind to sales of either volume differential if you like. In terms of  it is a slight headwind to the retail business, but obviously it is a support to the wholesale business. So when it makes a big difference, but it doesnt make a difference in sales which is the question I was answering I think from Alvin earlier on.
Lisa Gill: Okay. And I guess if I could just slip in just one last one, and thats around utilization, you talked about increasing your level of market share, but yet you are seeing less utilization, do you have any thoughts around why that is and normally I know this is a quarter end in November, but we start to see pick up as people move towards the end of the deductible, are you seeing anything or have you seen anything in the December quarter thats shifted from what you have seen historically?
Alex Gourlay: No, the December quarter, I mean it is one so for, again this is a season, it is a season for, obviously for cough, cold and flu and illness, and as Gerald said, it is a bit around the table here this morning as well. So, I think we are seeing a more normal flu trend, which kicked in a bit later in the season than we had expected, but thats the only thing that has changed in December, which is going to be obviously a slight headwind, sorry a slight tailwind for us in the second quarter, but thats still early on and we will see what happens with the rest of the season.
Lisa Gill: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Robert Willoughby: Alright, whats a good assumption for what sale lease backs can contribute in cash over the remainder of the year? The first quarter was a bit higher than what we had thought and then secondarily any metrics on what the new store format is contributing for you?
George Fairweather: Okay if I take the sale and leaseback what I mean, we are continuing to look at sale and leaseback opportunities on a go forward basis. The timing of those is a little tricky to actually predict because were very disciplined on the returns that we are looking for on the various transactions, but you should take it that its something that we would continue to do going forward, but as I said those tend to be your individual transactions. Its hard to predict quarter-by-quarter, exactly when they are going to occur.
Alex Gourlay: I will take the second one. With regards to the new store formats, I mean the investment in the moment is to upgrade the whole state. So we have been upgrading at the whole state with a particular focus on beauty in our top volume stores, top 1,800 so far with more to come next year as George had said. We have got some pilots and test both in urban and what we are calling the lower volume stores, we call these opportunities stores, under the very early stages of testing and trying these out. And again we will update you when we followed in line, but the investment of this is to upgrade the whole state to make sure that we are give a more consistent - all these brand and offer across those and plus stock stores in the USA.
Stefano Pessina : But I would like to assure you that the cash flow this year will be operating cash flow, would be very good, you expect a very good operating cash flow. Of course we have had the first quarter with a relatively low operating cash flow, but this is up against every quarter because of course we buy more stock for Christmas because we pay bond fees because we pay dividends that are mainly cash [indiscernible] in this period. And so in all of our stores, in the first quarter has been relatively modest in cash flow and free cash flow, but after it caught up during the year and we don't see any reason why this year should be so dramatically different from the previous year. Of course it depends on how we manage our investment, how we manage our leases, but substantially we don't have structural differences. So, its - as always it is very difficult to analyze things quarter-by-quarter and to draw a conclusion adjusted from the last number.
Robert Willoughby: That's great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Larsen with Leerink. You may begin.
David Larsen: Hi. Can you please talk a bit about the billion dollars in synergies that you expect to capture from the Rite Aid transaction by year three or four, like  Im assuming thats $1 billion a year and then what makes up those synergies? And then how do you think about RAT earnings themselves versus cost synergies, is that billion dollars inclusive of both and then how do I tide this billion dollars back to $0.05 to $0.12 of accretion in year one? The $0.05 to $0.12 sounds very modest to me, so thats a lot, thanks very much. Appreciate it.
George Fairweather: Okay. So it is quite a few questions and hope I won't miss any. To start by saying that the first thing is that in terms of the accretion for this year, I think its important to remember where we are. Were already four months into the year and when we complete transactions the first priority is always very much about focusing on the customers getting the key elements of everyone working together. And in terms of delivering synergies our approach to synergies as you saw the Walgreens Alliance Boots transaction is to have a very clear plan going and then build the synergies up over a ramp up, over a period of time, so we do things in a disciplined way that we can secure the synergies year-after-year.  So, we don't just go for quick wins and pay the price later. And we've got a good track record of doing that. Clearly, there are certain synergies that take time to access. So, on procurement for synergies for example it takes time to put in place new arrangements. We've got stock sitting on the balance sheet that needs to be sold through. So that is really reflective of the guidance that we have given for the balance of this year. In terms of the synergies themselves, key areas the billion will come from is starting with areas like procurement, where weve got our sourcing operation on generics that sources products today both for ourselves and for Amerisource, so as Bergen is going to be that in sort of overhead cost savings that we will be able to deliver over time, but what the billion doesnt include, which is important to understand is that it doesn't include the opportunity that we would have two actually rationalize the portfolio where there is overlaps in existing large markets. And thats something that we would do separately and its equivalent to [indiscernible] and that is outside the synergy numbers. Whats also important in the number of the billion is that we are very disciplined in the way we measure and track synergies and the billion is the synergies that we are confident that we can are very clearly identifiable and quantifiable synergies that we can measure and track and report on because that delivery is very important. What one on always gets in transactions over above that is a lot of the less tangible measurable synergies, but these are the ones that over time really wont help deliver real long-term sustained shareholder value. The billion I say has a run rate just to be absolutely clear. Its what we expect to deliver pair item.
David Larsen: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then how is, when we think about like Prime and Tricare and Express Scripts for this most recent quarter where the new prices and also co-pay and deductible plan designs in place at the start of the quarter? 
Alex Gourlay: Its Alex here. No, remember the first one I started was DOD in Tricare, we started on December 1 and Prime starts 1, 1, 2017, started 1, 1, 2017.
David Larsen: Okay, that's great. So then all of the new prices and the co-pay and plan design start on those dates right?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, correct.
David Larsen: Okay. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Percher with Barclays. You may begin.
Eric Percher: To start, Alex did you just mention rationalization of the Rite Aid post acquisition and is that a important part of the  or a part end opportunity strategically following completion and approval of the transaction?
Alex Gourlay: These guys add sense to the field, so I didnt mention of it, George answered the question and I think we made no decision on this at all, lets be very straight about this. And this is not included in the 1 billion synergies that we have enhanced, thats what George said.
Eric Percher: So it will be looked at as a strategic effort.
Alex Gourlay: There is a possibility for sure, of course it is, but it is not in the 1 billion synergies and it is not currently in the plan, yeah.
Eric Percher: Okay.
Stefano Pessina: More generally, one we talk of  you know if we talk of mergers, we try to figure out, which is the potential level of synergies and we would wait with the elements that we have comparing say that there are stores in this case to us and thinking that at the end we would be able to unify the terms with the suppliers, you may as you need that we can reduce a certain function, a certain duplication and so reduce certain cost. So, we booked in place all the area, we know where we can reduce cost, but its an exercise which cannot be precise because we dont know exactly the situation of the other company. We dont know exactly how these companies by today.  We dont know exactly which kind of contract they have with the PBM. When we will be in charge of the company we will analyze all these documents and of course we will be able to access a level of synergies which is much more precise. What does it mean? This means that the level of synergies that we are - have calculated in a relatively prudent way rationally prudent, I mean not rationally prudent way because of course we cannot run the risk, not to meet our target internally, so we take some contingency. And are not really, not all of them are really dependent on the number of off stores, I mean 500 stores move - 500 stores may have 10% more, 10% less. In reality, in the rounding, or which we have to calculate in synergies because we dont have a very clear understanding of what our counter party is because we cannot  the law doesnt allow us to share all the secrets of our due diligence is probably necessarily a superficial, relatively superficial due diligence.  So, in reality we will - one thing I can tell you that when we - whatever acquisition, whatever merger we find that the final synergies wider and substantially wider, substantially larger than the synergies that we have announced. And so today we shouldnt talk too much about the synergies that we would be able to view a precise the target and timing that too maybe we will have acknowledged what there is really in the company. But as we have calculated the synergies in the rationale way we believe that the number probably will be higher and not lower.
Eric Percher: So, I will come back to the rationalization at a point where we can all talk about it. So, maybe my original question was actually going to be volume, weve talked a lot about this years volume. As we consider commercial versus Part D where a lot of the growth has been, do we expect that commercial may actually be a greater contributor to growth in the second half and does that then extend over the next year or two where commercial pricing could be stable and give you a bit of an offset to the reimbursement pressure with the annually and Part D?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it is Alex here, so it is - the truth of it is that reimbursement pressure is consistent and while Med D for sure is an annual contract that you see more regularly coming through, the pressure and the commercial pick up business is also strong, you know one does to some extend for the other. So, the market is a market, we are very clear in how we govern within the business and how we structure our pricing within the business. We do that both at the Walgreens level to myself and our Alan Nielsen, our FD and also the group level through Stefano and George. But the reimbursement pressure is real and we manage within the market.  So, I dont think you will see the upside to be really straight with you. In the future that you will see continuing reimbursement pressure and we are managing it through a combination of three, through more volume, through better partnerships, which we are very happy with the moment and are going well. Secondly, to increasing our retail gross margin and retail operating margin where we are seeing good GreenChill and have seen good growth in the last three years and that continues on good cost control.
Eric Percher: Thats a straight answer, thank you.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Valiquette with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Steven Valiquette: Alright thanks, good morning everybody. So, its interesting now that with some hindsight that Walgreens never ended up pulling the trigger around the international tax inversion phenomenon from a couple of years, even now you maybe in a position to benefit from a U.S. corporate tax reform, so just a couple of questions on taxes, I guess first over these past couple of quarters you seem to have enabled to get your tax rate down to levels that people are only dreaming about with this inversion created a few years ago, so kudos on that, but how should we think about your tax rate for the rest of fiscal 2017, and then second do you have any preliminary comments on the pros and cons of this potential U.S. corporate reform and what it might mean for Walgreens? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: I can answer on the second part of the question whether we have some ideas on the coming tax reform, I can repeat the same thing I said before, now there is not a project of tax reform there are certain principle, people are discussing about certain principle, not everybody in the administration agrees on the same principle and even if they are on the same principle they dont agree on the level on their quantity of the principles. So its a waste of time today to start to create a scenario, which very likely would be in reality substantially different. So, lets see when we will have the frame of the tax and after we will start immediately to think how we can leave with these new environment.  In any case we will not have a new tax system tomorrow morning, it will take months and we will have time to see how this will shape over time and when we believe that we are close to a final shaper we will start to see how we can work, but even though having looked at the taxes - at the different principle that are now have been debated, yes, there are certain principle who could damage us, but there are other principle who could benefit us and it is clear that the principle who could damage us, who would damage all our peer and so the market will find another equilibrium and other assets.  So, at the end of today, the conclusion is that for the time being we have to continue to work with the rules that are in place today and probably one year or two year or three year, we will have to change if something, but now its too early to distract how people - to do things, which should probably will never happen before the end, the mixture will be completely different.
Steven Valiquette: Okay.
Stefano Pessina: The second part of your
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, but just commenting on the rates, as Stefano said, at the year-end we indicated our effective tax rate last year, I think it was around 26.3%, excluding the discrete tax items and we look at the calc excluding ABC equity income on an adjusted basis because it is the only easy way to do the math. This quarter, weve come in around the 25.5%, so a little bit better. It is a function really of two things, the geographic mix which of course varies quarter-by-quarter and then the certain discrete items in an individual quarter, if your results, you know historic tax issues or other sort of discrete items that can have a little impact on the quarters-by-quarters results. That mix really reflects the composition of profits across Walgreens with the lines recognizing, weve obviously got profits from our international operations and we try and obviously organize our inter-group funding structure in efficient way from  from a taxation perspective and we obviously have sources, say profit outside the U.S. that benefit our rate, beyond that really not lot to comment on and Stefano has already covered the view of what may or may not happen in the future. But we seek - we are very focused on EPS and whether it is tax or whether it is up-funding cost, they get a lot of focus in our organization as well as adjusted operating income, along with cash flow, which Stefano also talked about to drive shareholder value.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, thats helpful, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. You may begin.
Scott Mushkin: Hey guys, thanks for taking me in. So just wanted to talk about strategy, and I know Stefano you talked about acquisitions overseas, when we think about Rite Aid, whats the kind of Plan B if it doesnt get approved as we kind of get down to the end here, kind of in the U.S. business and does that speed up some of your thoughts oversees?
Stefano Pessina: We're working hard to have the deal approved and for the time being we don't want even to think of the fact that the deal could not be approved after so many months when we have given a lot of information and we have had a very good relationship with the people of the FTC and they have continued to ask information and we have continued to gain information and in reality we believe that if they have spent so much time asking self, and analyzing so many documents is because they want to understand the transaction, which is fine. So we are not thinking of a Plan B today. We don't have to distract people today, I can assure you that if I, lets say we had the big surprise that this wouldn't happen after we would have to sit down and decide what to do because there are many, many possible reaction to this, as you can imagine.  We would have to see what our counter party Rite Aid wants to do and see whether there are solutions or not, what are the other alternatives. In reality we would have money and we would use the money in the best interest of shareholders. We will continue to act rationally, we will not spend money in irrational way just as a matter of principle. We will analyze all the opportunities very quickly because I and more team of the people here are thinking in different ways of different scenario and analyzing many other things.  Then if we decide what to do we will communicate to the shareholder for what to do, but I can assure you that we will not have a, how could I say an historic reaction and we will not feel forced to do something at any cost, just to show that we are doing something. We will take stock of the money that we have and we will analyze very, very irrationally which is the best use of these money at that time for our shareholders.
Scott Mushkin: This does seem like you potentially could litigate depending on what happens, is that correct interpretation of what you said?
Stefano Pessina: Potentially, sorry, [indiscernible].
Scott Mushkin: Potentially litigate
Stefano Pessina: I can give you an answer like that. We don't - for the time being everything looks fine. So we don't go so far.
Scott Mushkin: Perfect. I wanted to move on to one last question and I appreciate the time. So Boots in the UK, the retail side of the business it sounds like it was slightly positive, but I think there were comments that maybe December got a little bit better, you know we were over in the UK it seems like its discounting, was pretty significant in the front end of the Boots operations, so I was wondering if we could get a little bit more color on the retail side of Boots and what is going on there, thank you.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Scott it is Alex here. I think that as George said really clearly in the script two things, first of all environment in the UK has changed and summer is a big change to the retail environment in particular, which we are working within, so we've repositioned into our business and focused on rebasing our cost again and also focused on customer care. So, the good news is these plans are walking on as George said, weve had a notable improvement in sales performance in through December as he said in his script. And again we are very much focusing back on our core business in a very clear way, the real challenges going forward, at the same for the retailers, which we are taking care of, we were very effective online on the channel model, which is working well, we have to obviously operate a cost level because obviously that does affect the margin slightly. And of course as George said in his script from December 1, you know the government is taking additional action and new action in fact on practice payments, which means more call back in terms of pharmacy which we are aware of and we've planned for, really planned against. So, we are feeling we are in a good position with a very strong business in a difficult environment and we're pleased with the progress.
Scott Mushkin: Alright thanks guys. Appreciate it, good luck.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Gerald Gradwell for closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much indeed everyone. That concludes our call today. Obviously as ever, if you have further questions please feel free to reach out to any member of the IR team, myself Ashish, Deborah, Jonathan or Patrick and we will look forward to seeing some of you during the quarter and if not talking to you all in the next quarter. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thanks for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - IR Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice President and CEO George Fairweather - EVP and Global CFO Alex Gourlay - Co-Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Michael Cherny - UBS Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Steven Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch George Hill - Deutsche Bank Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Eric Percher - Barclays Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and Welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., Fourth Quarter 2016 Earning Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand todays conference call to Mr. Gerald Gradwell. You may begin, sir.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Hello, and welcome to our earnings call. As usual, Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer will take you through our results today. Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreen Boots Alliance is also here and will join us for questions. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, todays presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. I will now handover to George to take you through the numbers.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Gerald. I am pleased that weve delivered good results, which is a fitting close to whats been an outstanding financial year for the Company exceeding the upper end of our guidance when we have again experienced strong currency headwinds and some challenging market conditions. As usual, this performance has been achieved through a combination of operational progress and corporate efficiencies. In particular, weve managed our costs well and generated a healthy cash flow. At the same time, weve announced a number of significant strategic partnerships in the U.S., which Stefano will talk about later. But first, Ill take you through our fourth quarter results. Let me start with the financial highlights. Sales totaled $28.6 billion, up 0.4% versus the comparable quarter last year. Our results were impacted by currency translation; on a constant currency basis, sales were up 2.5%. GAAP operating income was $1.1 billion, an increase of 36.4%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.0 billion and diluted EPS was $0.95. Adjusted operating income was $1.6 billion, up 7.2% and in constant currency was up 10.3%. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.2 billion, up 20.3%. And adjusted diluted net earnings per share was $1.07 that was up 21.6%. And the adverse currency translation impact was around $0.03. So, now, let me turn to the performance of our divisions in the quarter, beginning with Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $20.7 billion, up 4.0% over the year ago quarter, comparable store sales increasing by 3.2%. Adjusted gross profit was up 0.5% to $5.4 billion, adjusted gross margin being lower for both pharmacy and retail. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales improved by 0.9 percentage points to 20.7%. Adjusted operating margin was stable at 5.3%, resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.1 billion, up 4.4%. This increase was primarily driven by increased pharmacy volume, procurement efficiencies and cost control, partially offset by lower reimbursement rates. We continued to make strong progress on our previously announced cost savings program, the majority of which is in the U.S. Overall, we are well on track to deliver our $1.5 billion in savings by the end of fiscal 2017. We now expect total pre-tax charges associated with the program to be between $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion, which is $300 million lower than we previously estimated. So, next, lets look in more detail at pharmacy. U.S. pharmacy total sales were up 6.2%, driven by increased script volume and improved specialty sales. We filled 229.5 million prescriptions and thats on a 30-day adjusted basis including immunizations, an increase of 3.7%. On a comparable basis, the stores which exclude central specialty, pharmacy sales increased by 5.0% with sales up 3.9%, mainly due to continued growth in Medicare Part D volume. Our reported market share of retail prescriptions on the usual 30-day adjusted basis was 19.3%, up approximately 40 basis points over the year ago quarter. As you may know, IMS restated its market share numbers for the comparable period, due to an enhancement to the IMS panel. In the appendix, we set out fully comparable historic market share statistics for the division. As in the last quarter and as we expected, gross margins were lower, mainly due to reimbursement grades and changes in mix, which were partially offset by procurement efficiencies. Retail sales on a comparable basis were down 0.3% on the same quarter last year. Sales were impacted more significantly by declines in certain consumable categories and seasonal items such as back-to-school and commodity electronics where we took action to proactively clear out old and legacy stock as we move to the next phase of our retail transformation program. Were also seeing the impact of direct management action in tobacco where weve continued to reduce space and visibility as we focus on helping customers, the ones who stop smoking. Importantly, the health and wellness and beauty categories performed well. While gross margins in the quarter were slightly down, we dont see this as a permanent weakness, but the recent declines have been mainly due to actions we have take to put in place foundations for long-term growth. I am delighted to report that the first phase of our new beauty offering reached more than 1,600 stores across the U.S. by the end of the fiscal year. This has three core elements, products; store environment; and customer experience. First, the products, in this phase, we are highlighting two of our best known brands, No7 and Soap & Glory alongside existing national brands already well known to Walgreens customers. The second element is the store environment. Our stores beauty areas are being transformed to provide a welcoming and colorful environment with improved signage and lighting, and the product range chosen to suit all types of customers regardless of age or background. The third element of the new Walgreens beauty offer is the customer experience. This involves training and deploying specialist beauty consultants to offer high-quality advice to our customers. The program has drawn our experience internationally, most directly from Boots in the UK but has been tailored [ph] specifically for the U.S. market based on customer engagement and research. This is the first phase of a multi-phase multi-year strategy to differentiate Walgreens beauty offering. So, now, lets look at the results of the Retail Pharmacy International division. Sales of the division were $3.0 billion, up 1.4% in constant currency. On a same basis, comparable store sales declined by 0.6%, mainly due to Chile and the UK, which Ill cover in a moment. Adjusted operating margin for the division was 8.1%, up 1.0 percentage points. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $247 million, an increase of 15.7% in constant currency. To improve comparability, you will see that weve made certain classification changes to prior period sales, cost of sales, and SG&A. These changes have had no impact on operating income. To help with modeling, in the appendix, weve provided revised numbers by quarter for fiscal 2015 and 2016. Comparable pharmacy sales were flat on a constant currency basis, as the loss of institutional contracts in Chile offset growth in other markets. In Boots UK, comparable pharmacy sales were up 0.6%. And while we continued to experience reimbursement pressure, pharmacy services continued to perform well. Comparable retail sales for the division decreased 1.0% due to a weaker Boots performance in the UK where comparable retail sales were down 0.8%, impacted by a particularly volatile and poor June.  So, now, lets look at our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Sales for the division were $5.4 billion, down 1.5% on a constant currency basis due to the disposal of Alliance Healthcare Russia in April. Comparable sales on a constant currency basis, which excludes acquisitions and dispositions, increased by 2.9%. This was marginally behind our estimated market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales due to competitive market conditions in Continental Europe. Adjusted operating margin for the division, which we define to exclude AmerisourceBergen, income was 2.9%. This was up 0.3 percentage points on a constant currency basis versus the comparable quarter last year. Adjusted operating income for the division was $208 million, up 39.2% in constant currency. While the increase was mainly due to equity earnings from ABC, excluding this, adjusted operating income grew by 7.6% in constant currency. As you know, we report our share of ABCs net earnings on a two-month lag. As a result, this was our first full quarter of recognizing approximately 16% of ABCs net earnings. When modeling ABC, remember that equity income related to our increased ownership from the August warrant exercise will be reflected in only five weeks of the first quarter due to the two-month reporting lag. So, now, let me turn to the full year numbers for fiscal 2016. As I said at the beginning, this has been an outstanding financial year, exceeding the upper-end of our guidance. These results are of course not directly comparable with the previous year due to the Alliance Boots transaction. In summary, GAAP diluted net earnings per share of $3.82 was down 4.5%. This reflects a number of factors including the fluctuations in the ABC warrants and last years non-cash gain relating to Alliance Boots. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share increased by 18.3% to $4.59. The adjusted effective tax rate which we calculate excluding the equity income from ABC, this was 25.4%. This was lower than we had anticipated when we spoke to you last quarter. Ignoring discreet tax items, our underlying adjusted effective tax rate would have been 26.3%. Discreet items of approximately 0.9 percentage points primarily included completion of certain U.S. tax audits and true-ups of prior year accruals. The tax rate also reflects changes in the geographical mix of our pre-tax earnings and the U.S. taxation of our non-U.S. entities. Operating cash flow was $2.7 billion in the quarter and $7.8 billion in the full fiscal year. Over the course of the year, working capital reduced by $1.4 billion due to improved payables. Cash capital expenditure was $421 million in the quarter and $1.3 billion in the full fiscal year. During the year, we invested in key areas to develop our customer proposition including investment in stores and the U.S. beauty program as well as upgrades to our IT systems, which we began earlier in the year. Store investment included over a 100 new openings in Mexico which continues to be a focus area for expansion. Overall, this resulted in free cash flow for the quarter of $2.2 billion and $6.5 billion in the full fiscal year, a year-on-year increase of $2.1 billion. So, turning now to our pending acquisition of Rite Aid. As announced on September 8, we remain actively engaged with the FTC on its review. And today, we still expect that the most likely outcome will be that the parties will be acquired to divest between 500 and a 1,000 stores. We believe that well be able to execute agreements to divest these stores to potential buyers, pending FTC approval, by the end of calendar year 2016, and now expect to close the acquisition in early calendar 2017. Taking into account our current expectations of store divestures, we continue to expect that the acquisition will be accretive to adjusted diluted net earnings per share in the first full year after closing. We also continue to expect that we will realize synergies from the acquisition in excess of $1 billion to be fully realized within three to four years of closing. These synergies have been updated where practicable and as previously disclosed, are expected to come primarily from procurement, cost savings, and other operational matters. So, turning now to guidance for fiscal 2017. We are expecting adjusted diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $4.85 to $5.20. This assumes Rite Aid accretion of $0.05 to $0.12 based on the assumptions that I just mentioned, and on the continuation of our normal anti-dilutive buyback program, relating to equity incentives. And in addition, this guidance is based on currency exchange rates remaining constant for the rest of the fiscal year. Please remember, sterling today is around 15% lower versus the dollar than our weighted average operating income translation rate for fiscal 2016. This had an adverse impact on our guidance of around $0.13. In terms of phasing, the timing and development of our recently announced new strategic pharmacy partnerships in the U.S. means that we expect Retail Pharmacy USA script growth to be stronger than usual in the second half of the fiscal year. The new rates come into effect on day one of the contracts mainly around the end of the calendar year, while we believe that enhanced volumes will take some time to build. Overall, we therefore expect Retail Pharmacy USA gross margins to continue to decline in the coming quarters, but expect to see sales and profit for the year as a whole to continue to grow as the expected volumes come through from our pharmacy contracts in the second half of the fiscal year. So, Ill now hand over to Stefano for his concluding comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. As you have heard, this was a good quarter despite both currency and operational challenges. It is our fourth quarter and what I believe has been an extremely good year as whole for the Company. That said, the work that we have been doing to control cost, reduce waste and return our business to a path of growth has been showing marked effects for some time. For the past eight quarters however, we have grown our adjusted net earnings over the comparable prior period. In fiscal 2014, if you make basic adjustment trading that 55% of Alliance Boots not reflected in the historical published results. We would have generated an estimated $3.9 billion of adjusted net earnings. As we reported $5 billion of adjusted net earnings in fiscal 2016, this could represent an increase of approximately 28% over the last two fiscal years on a reported currency basis. This is a compound annual growth rate of around 13% it also represents an annual increase of over 15% on a constant currency basis. In addition, we have delivered $10.9 billion of free cash flow over the same period. While I believe that this is impressive by any measure, it is not solely due to the merger that created Walgreens Boots Alliance. We have continued to see aggressive operations growth across the Company, which has been a significant driver of our strong financial performance. This success has been achieved despite it having been a very busy time. Lets take a moment to remind ourselves of everything that we have achieved in the past year. In the U.S., we launched significant initiatives to advance our retail and pharmacy offering. These included investing in the customer acquisitions especially in beauty to differentiate Walgreens as a retailer. We also reset our relationship with healthcare payers and PBM and work to develop closer partnership as a platform for our future. Examples of these strategic partnerships include our new 90-day prescription agreement with OptumRx and EnvisionRx, our announced agreement with Express Scripts, and our innovative partnership with Prime Therapeutics. These close partnerships are central to our strategy of increasing volumes to our pharmacies and driving footfall to our stores. We strengthened our relationship with AmerisourceBergen, exercising both tranches warrants, understanding our pharmacy sale distribution and sourcing agreement. This move further cements the strong and collaborative working relationship our companies have built together over the past three years. Our pending acquisition of Rite Aid continues to progress as George said. Globally, we continue to expand our reach and presence. In Russia, we divested our retail [ph] business and as part of the deal retained a strategic stake in the countrys leading health and beauty retailer. And in South Korea, we signed an agreement to form a franchise relationship with one of the Companys leading retailers. At the Company level, we reached and surpassed our $1 billion synergies goal of ours from the WBA merger and further progressed cost saving goal of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal year 2017. At the same time, we changed the role and responsibilities of our senior management team to structure our leadership more efficiently and move to operating a truly unified Company. Looking forward to 2017, we expect to face the same headwinds we encountered this year but with some additional factors that are going to likely change the profile for the year. We are entering a period where we need to consolidate much of the recent activities in the Company. We must ensure we are properly positioned to get the full benefit of our work to-date as expected volume increases from our new commercial agreement begin to flow to our U.S. pharmacies and global procurement network. Additional benefit will come as our retail transformation work accelerates and compounds the expected increase in traffic that flows through our stores with this agreement. We therefore expect a differentiating for the year-end with anticipated growth skewed significantly toward the second half of the year, but as you have heard from George, we are expecting the year as a whole to continue our record of healthy growth. We believe this saving is a temporary phenomenon as we see our work to transform the Company ahead and increase impact. Transformation and integration if done properly is never instant or easy, but we are progressing well. While we are delivering on the policies of the merger, we are also building strong foundation, based on establishing an outstanding team and structuring our Company for growth in core business especially Walgreens. We are doing this without losing sight of the global opportunities and are preparing the Company to play an even greater goal of healthcare awards in the U.S. and around the world. Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Gerald.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. Kevin, can we open the line for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse.
Robert Willoughby: George, what clarity do you have now on the volumes slated to come in from Prime and Express and United? I think youd have to have a healthy degree of conservatism in the guidance, not knowing exactly how their selling seasons are growing. Have you assumed any incremental volume coming through the Rite Aid stores from these relationships?
George Fairweather: We obviously dont comment on individual contracts, but I think what weve tried to indicate, as Ive said in my prepared comments is that we expect the volume to increase in the second half of the year as we look forward relative to the increase that we would anticipate in the first half, because it takes time for obviously contracts to come through. In terms of Rite Aid, obviously, we cannot make comments at this point, as Im sure youll appreciate.
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning, Bob. Its Alex here. Obviously, were really pleased to have this volume coming through. The majority, as I think George has said is coming through early part of calendar year next year apart from Tricare which we expect to start to fall on November the 1st. The team has done a lot of planning here to make sure we take care of customers when they appear back in Walgreens. Its something new to Walgreens. And obviously as the year progresses, well be able to get a better feel on our ability to both get customers back into Walgreens and hold on to them. And remember, many of these new contracts are narrow [ph] but some are actually pretty broad, [ph] the Tricare contract for example, so has [ph] the vast majority of pharmacies in the U.S. in that contract. So, weve been -- what we think is a good estimate from what we know into the forecast and if things change, as George has said, well update you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Good morning, gentlemen. So, I guess just maybe not specifics on sort of how gross margins in the U.S. retail business are going to pace on a numerical basis, but more qualitatively. Obviously, youre getting a volume pickup to get that and there is obviously reimbursement pressure in the market. So, could you just help us in the phasing of that relative to the procurement savings and then relative to the new beauty rollout to just show maybe qualitatively how we should think about the different elements as they roll in, whether its Tricare or its these new PBM relationships and then offset by the frontend? How we just should think about either the cadence or the other pushes and pulls outside of that?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, we have a lot of confidence in terms of our ability to deliver both these strategies. So, the first one is speaking about the new volume, where we are giving better value to volume. But we believe that weve seen already with the Med-D work in the past, this really is accretive to our model. And again, as I said, I think the previous question to Bob, most of these contracts start in January 1st. So, we see the majority of the volume, as George has said in the second half of our fiscal year, which I think starts in March of next year. So that will start to build out. And then weve built solid plans on what we know about the market and what our great partners help us to build this business have told us about their networks. And some of the selling season is happening right now; youll see some more which we announce particularly [ph] through days and the weeks ahead. On the frontend strategy, this is a multi-year multi-phase approach. Weve put 1,600 new beauty departments on the ground, not complete but new in terms of the brands that George mentioned, particularly No7 and Soap & Glory of this phase with new lighting, importantly upgraded training and development of our consultants to give the customers the information they need. And this is on the ground based on the trials we did before. Now, majority of this work will phase in over a two or three-year period in reality but you should expect the ongoing improvements to margin -- gross margin through 2017 and the years ahead. Remember that we focus our business on the whole box; we focus our business on operating margin including costs and of course an adjusted net earnings. All of this work is designed to drive all elements of profitability within the box of Walgreens. And we are very confident with what we are doing and the pace is accelerating.
Ross Muken: Again to that point, what I am trying to get at is should we think about on gross profit, a more of a dollar growth basis versus a margin basis so long as its accretive over time to kind of returns in the operating margin because the market has been a little bit myopic on the margin percentage overall. But obviously not everything you can do to drive value will be necessarily gross margin accretive, correct?
George Fairweather: I think, remember, our big focus is on growing our operating income, our overall income and our cash flow. So, in terms of reimbursement pressures, its something that weve seen in the past; it will continue to happen. Weve got to continue to drive efficiencies. Its got to be a way of life. So, really this is what were focusing on and offering our customers a competitive offer and then being very financially disciplined in a way that we can drive our overall shareholder value. So in terms of thinking about -- and thats how I would really encourage you to think. We are absolutely focused on operating profit. Thats what we are doing, in summary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.
Brian Tanquilut: Just a question on your views on the supply chain. As we think about potential pricing pressure in the drug world, whether its government driven or just the pressure is on the drug manufacturers, how do you think that flows through to your business as we think about that flow through of the distributors and PBMs? I mean whats your exposure in your minds to drug pricing pressure?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I mean, I think weve spoken of this for since weve been here with some expansion in Europe where reimbursement pressure really does come through the supply chain. And in fact, youll probably see if you read the UK papers, this morning the governments claimed [ph] a major announcement and confirmed what we expected was a supply chain pressure and reimbursement coming through in the UK business as we planned for and as we expected. So, we are quite used to this pressure. Again, if you think back to what Stefano and George said, we are working really close with AmerisourceBergen, theyre proving to be strong partners to help us to not just improve our availability to make sure we take care of customers, which is driving our volume but to make sure we do that in a really efficient and integrated and more innovative way going forward. So, we feel confident that we can use our scale, use our partnerships, use our knowledge and knowhow from Europe to be in a good position in what we expect to be continued supply chain pressure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill: I just want to take an opportunity to go back to the strategic partnerships that you talk about and just have a better understanding as to how it works contractually. If we think about the fact that youve had PBM relationships with all of these parties in the past, how do we think about those relationships compared to the new strategic relationships? And what Im trying to get at is that my understanding is that come January 1st, the trade of the volume for the price has to do with specifics around products on the maintenance side where youre getting people to a 90-day script. Its not your overall PBM contract, but I just want clarification to better understand that.
Stefano Pessina: Lisa, this is really our strategy, its always been our strategy. We want to partner with as many people as possible. And when people understand this, they accept that we are on the market and we have to offer our best services to everybody within the market. If you dont really accept, you as an operator of the market, if you dont accept this concept of collaboration, sooner or later, you are isolated and you cannot really exploit your potential at best. When we have announced some of these deals, of course we have spoken to the other customers that we have, the other PBMs and we have explained [ph] which is our logic, and we have explained that we are willing to help collaborate with everybody. And you have seen that in few months, we have been able to announce agreement, special collaboration practically with most of the operators in the sector. This is a strategy, a strategy which has always worked for us in the past in other countries, and I believe will work also in the U.S. Of course, as George said, every time that we do something new, every time that we propose an agreement [ph] or take into consideration an agreement which is proposed by one of our customers, we are running the numbers in a very disciplined way considering of course everything, considering the volume, considering the discount, considering the work that we can extract more from our suppliers if anything, considering the increased efficiencies of the pharmacies. And then, at the end, we decide whether we can do this particular kind of the deal or not. And of course we are very conscious that when we come with an innovative deal or with a partnership on the market, we have to be prepared to offer similar things to other people. I believe that this is a beauty of being independent. We can work with everybody and we can offer our services to everybody. And we are not seen as particularly skewed toward this or that player in the market.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then, if I can just follow up, when I think about your strategy, specialty is clearly a big and growing area. And Stefano, do you feel like you need to make an acquisition in the area of specialty to continue to grow that business or do you feel that some of the partnerships that you have today, most recently Prime and talking about making some investments around specialty there that that will be enough?
Stefano Pessina: We believe that if we could improve our position in specialties through partnership, these would be much more efficient and much more profitable because if we have to buy something -- well, first of all, we would have to buy something in the market which has a potential for development. And now, in this market, we see that many people have an outlook which is not particularly positive in our judgment, first of all. And secondly, this would be extremely expensive. And so, again, we are very-disciplined. We will not buy something just because its nice to have. We want to be sure that if we use our money, our money will have an important return, a cash return, and we value all of what we do, not in terms of earnings per share, we value it in terms of EVA, [ph] in terms of cash. Maybe Alex, you want to add something about specialties?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, specifically on Prime, Lisa, I think this is a joint venture which we will get on in the first few months of next year. We have also good relationship with Prime and the team of Prime through Jim. And were getting closer, which is fantastic. But fundamentally, were combining our central specialty in a joint venture operation. So, we use the efficiencies that we can bring together to the market and we can buy there together in that area as well. So thats what [ph] were doing here on the course by doing that through the PBM, which is owned by the Blue through Prime, we hope to be able to over time when we get that efficiency in it, attract more patients and more customers. This is a build out strategy, a classic example of this sort of partnership approach that Stefano described.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with UBS.
Michael Cherny: Just a quick question I guess on the frontend retail side. You talked about some of the investments you are making in improving the beauty side in particular. I dont know if you touched too much on the digital initiatives that you guys are pursuing. Maybe talk about success youve had so far as you expand areas around the loyalty card and other digital marketing initiatives. And then if you can, any incremental plans you have in terms of targeting improved areas on a go forward basis?
Alex Gourlay: Sure, Michael. Yes. I think as I said before and I think as people know, we have quite a successful digital team and app [ph] for seven years I think as now annually quick fill continues, refilling prescriptions continues to be a breakthrough app that we continue to develop along with the mobile, which we continue to develop and we get absolutely fit for the modern customer and we continue to get score [ph] as a team frankly and its a great platform for us. We obviously transformed graphic [ph] business here in the U.S. and to that approach a couple of years ago when we transferred [indiscernible] as well. So to next question, I think as your question, well, we closed operations for Beauty and Drugstore.com and its been done successfully. The focus is really on the retail product business. We announced last Monday order online [ph] to store or Ship to Store in 7,600 clock stores including Duane Reade. And success weve built in again the Boots business, sharing of knowledge between frontend and the UK is really important part of our journey here. So, we continue to invest behind the digital team. We are a very strong team in my view, very impressive team. And were very confident with the platforms we have and knowhow we have and know were focusing back on volumes, health and beauty strategy, particularly in the frontend to become the entry gate omni-channel retailer where we have a lot of room to go. And while the rest of it is very clear, we understand the risk very well. We believe with [Indiscernible] corners across America and this capability, we are pretty well-positioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: First question is on Rite Aid, obviously divesting the Rite Aid storage has been taking longer than expected. You actually did include divided accretion [ph] in your guidance. So, what gives you confidence in an early 2017 close?
Stefano Pessina: Id say that yes. I agree with you that it is taking more than we expected, but I have to tell you that as you have seen from our presentation and from the fact that we have included some part of Rite Aid potential profit in our guidance, from this you can really understand that we are confident, as confident as we were before about this deal. Nothing has changed. We have just a delay in the execution of the deal. This is our perception. We have always been optimistic because we have never seen an attitude from the FTC which was absolutely negative. Of course, they were requiring, they were asking a lot of questions, sometimes they were taking time to respond. But at the end of the day, I believe we have had a good collaboration; we are having a good collaboration. We try to respond to the all of their needs. This takes time. But at the end, we are still confident. Of course I know that we read on the paper very different news. No idea about the sources of this news but for sure if we could talk and of course you know that we cannot, our view will be different. For what we see today, we see just a long administrative process but we dont see substantial differences from what we were expecting. Yes, probably more stores, a little more stores here and there. But at the end of the day, as far as I can see today, as far as we can see today, we are absolutely confident that we can create, that we can do the deal and we can create the value. Just these values will be a little postponed on time because if and when we will do the deal, of course for the first month, we will not be able to start immediately the synergies; it will take some time. And we were hoping to do the deal at the beginning of this fiscal year for us. In this case, we would have had time to develop some of the synergies. Of course, if we could close the deal relatively late in our fiscal year, the synergies will be small but we will find all of them next year.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then my third question is about the PBM contracts that you signed. When we think about the partnerships, in aggregate, they manage more than 50% of the U.S. script market versus your share that is a little bit below 20%. When we think about the opportunity from a long-term perspective, how much incremental share do you think that you can gain through these relationships? I mean, when we look at CBS we estimate that their share with their maintenance choice account at retail is about 33% versus the 20% national share. So, is this a good goalpost for us to use when we think about this opportunity and the returns over the longer-term?
Alex Gourlay: We dont really think about [indiscernible] what were focused on is two elements of growing our business. One which weve seen in the last period which is a combination of access [indiscernible] growing channel but really through delivering for customers. Customer experiences [ph] for us in our pharmacies have moved and a big credit to Richard Ashworth and all of the teams involved and Brad, [ph] because that really has been a big shift in how weve been able to take care of customers in our pharmacies. That really has been a driver of the recent share youve seen in the past and we will be completely focused on continuing to do that. And secondly, its definitely still [indiscernible] We want to make sure that the people who are paying for these prescriptions with customers and payers, we just make sure we get the right understanding of what we want for the networks that were in and thats what were trying to do in different ways and we have all sorts of different ways as were demonstrating of getting that done. So, we do really, customer-by-customer and peer-by-peer and also network-by-network to make sure that we can grow our business. Were early in this strategy, to be honest. Were early in this strategy and we are still learning how to really drive it and make it work. And we remain confident that well learn a lot this year with the ambitions we have and analyze [ph] to have access back into Walgreens that didnt have access before and again well continue to evaluate [ph] goals going forward.
Ricky Goldwasser: And lastly, the new terms of Express had any impact on the margins in the fourth quarter or its all in fiscal year 2017?
Stefano Pessina: Could you repeat? Sorry.
Alex Gourlay: So, the Tricare contract as you know is one as we declared [indiscernible] 2017. Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser: But for the rest of the Express book assuming that that has been re-priced as well. So, did you see any impact of that in your fourth quarter results or is this all going to be in fiscal year 2017, outside Tricare?
Alex Gourlay: Ricky, as you know, we agree what we disclosed with the partners that [Indiscernible] we havent disclosed anything outside of Tricare. So, we cant disclose anything else this morning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven Valiquette: So, just a question or two on the Medicare margins. It seems like with Medicare becoming a bigger part of your mix -- I mean, I guess there was some noise in the channel about maybe some Medicare gross margins compressing as calendar 2016 was progressing for the industry, and were kind of seeing that in your U.S. gross margin as well, so kind of look at the progression year-over-year. So, I guess Im wondering, first, are you seeing any fall off in Medicare gross margins as calendar 2016 is progressing or have they remained fairly stable? And then also just -- or is it more maybe just a mix issue where if Medicare is a bigger part of your mix, were just seeing our Medicare gross margins maybe lower than commercial gross margins? So, I just wanted to sort of tackle those two ankles on the U.S. gross margins? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. See, margin is expected -- clearly there is pressure in the margin and Med-D because the volumes growing stable and as we expected. And the mix as you can see in our book-of-business is shifting. So, therefore thats whats driving further pressure on the margin.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. So, some companies, were seeing that pressure maybe as the years progressing; youre saying that youre not seeing any material fall-off in your Medicare margin as the year is progressing?
Alex Gourlay: Thats correct. I mean there is the trend only [ph] year-after-year on these annual contracts but the trend is not any clear than it was in the past as we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Im going to pull a little bit further on Steves thread here. Alex, if we think about the business and you guys talk about the EBIT margin and the kind of continued pressure there. I guess, can you separate the payer pressure and kind of the underlying pressure on the business versus the impact of mix, they move to 90-day, the new relationships with PBMs to take share? I guess, what Im trying to get is a better understanding of what is actual pressure on the business and what is the margin change as a reflection of mix? And even digging into that further, how much of that is by the companys design versus how much of it is the design of payers pushing down on you guys?
Alex Gourlay: I would say that as a company we now actively manage both these elements. I think as George described well in script on the frontend, we are actively managing the seasonal capacities, some historic stock and also were managing out of some product lines, particularly again in the consumables and seasonal items, which as we manage more into getting more space as appropriate over trying to help, and really the biggest example being clearly space for in 1,600 stores for extended beauty ranges. [Ph] So, we are actively managing that. We are managing, again as we said, operating margin level, maybe through a box in terms of the question on reimbursement pressure. Again, we are actively managing it. Weve spoken very clearly that we recognize and predict the trend. We saw conversations much earlier and much more strategically with peers if they call it to broaden the team from [indiscernible] strategy. We do this very actively now to understand how we can help them grow and help ourselves grow. And we are very confident that we can grow, particularly when you look at adjusted operating profit within the box, ticking both these parts. So, I dont think we can see any more than that to be honest, because obviously we keep these things tight within the business for obvious reasons but we are actively managing it. Thats what we do, thats what were paid, to be honest.
George Hill: Okay. And then maybe a quick follow-up is one large payer care market is noticeably absent from the deals that you guys have signed recently. I guess, can you talk to us about when the current contract with them runs through and I guess how we should think about how you will pursue kind of the next renewal of the Caremark pay arrangement?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. We cant speak about the contracts of any of big peers; we cant talk about obviously for obvious reasons. They will pursue it exactly the same way that Stefano described. We want to operate with everyone in the marketplace in a way that works for them and works for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Jones: On the cost savings program, George, last year, you shared where you ended the year on the SG&A savings, which I believe was $775 million. I know you said youre well on track to achieve the 1.5 by the end of 2017. But, can you maybe just share with us where you actually ended the year on that program in 2016? And then, I guess along those lines, beyond the 1.5, are there any other major areas of further cost savings that you guys have been able to identify?
George Fairweather: On the program, overall, as Ive said, were very much on track overall. The big change really from where we were a year ago, has really been that we were able to deliver this for $300 million less than we previously anticipated of which -- quite a portion of that will be true cash savings. So, were very pleased that weve been able do this. And were very much track to complete the program next year. Its very much a defined program with the start and the finish. But of course, there are always ways to drive efficiencies. Its just a way of life for us. Were looking at it every day across all aspects of our business and well continue to drive to do that. And clearly some of the investment that youre seeing in capital in some of the areas like IT will take us a little bit of time to get some f the new systems in place that will further enable us to both drive efficiencies and drive -- and to manage the business in an increasingly more-tighter way.
Stefano Pessina: And next year, of course, we will have the big task of extracting value from Rite Aid. This would be another huge opportunity for saving costs.
Robert Jones: Thats very helpful. So, I guess, just one other one around SG&A. You guys talked about the initiative. Can you maybe just help us frame the investment needed to achieve that rollout? Just trying to think about on the model SG&A within the Retail USA segment as a percent of sales in 2017, maybe relative -- the core business relative to what we saw into 2016? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: I cant give you specifics. But what I can say is that taking workload, particularly at out of our 8,200 drugstores is a big part of the cost program. And we are very pleased with the progress we made on our internal measure, independent internal measure to be honest on customer care, as we really move forward, despite the fact that weve held costs in the drugstores more or less flat this year. So, we are very confident that we can move that cost to give better advice [ph] and care, as George described, in the beauty model. And that would drive incremental sales and of course better margins for us as weve seen in the trials. So, we are very focused, as George said on costs, but were also very focused on reinvesting our cost back where customers appreciate it.
George Fairweather: Just to remind Bob, and as I said in the presentation there, SG&A in the USA as a percentage of sales fell 0.9 percentage points. And I think thats the best evidence really of what were delivering. And just to add to the question on capital, I havent obviously given any specific guidance on capital for fiscal 2017. But in terms of thinking, I would expect it to be a little bit higher than weve seen in fiscal 2016, which is really reflecting some of the initiatives that weve got to develop the offer that we talked about as well as the investment in the new IT that were working on.
Operator: And our next question comes from the Eric Percher with Barclays.
Eric Percher: So, on the Rite Aid accretion number, I understand that youre not including a lot of synergy here and that will come over time, and it looks like this is going represent about seven months of the fiscal year. It still looks quite low relative to the run rate of Rite Aid and what we might have thought accretion would run. So, can you speak to -- is this a fairly conservative number? I know there is a wide range of potential stores, I get that the indication of confident is really step one here, but any comments on that number itself?
George Fairweather: This is our view of it, which is why weve included on -- our accretion is built on our economics, which is the way weve built the model up. And really to emphasize a little bit of what Alex just said on the synergy -- Stefano was saying, synergies will take some time to come through as ever when we approach a merger like this, our focus is always on the customer first to make sure that we deliver for the customer through this period. And weve got a very detailed plan to deliver the synergies. But as we said, this will take three to four years. The important thing is to go in a straight line, but it does very much reflect our view on the timing and the time it will take to start to deliver the synergies.
Eric Percher: If I can give you any indication -- its Stefano. Normally, I dont speak about these specifically but normally when we have done big merger, we have started to deliver the synergies after five, six months something because of the first months. Of course, you can do something but the first months are really needed to prepare the plan. And we cannot accelerate the plan; we cannot do the plan now. We are working on integration but we cannot do the plan about the synergies now because we dont know the numbers of Rite Aid. As you know, we are not allowed to see their numbers. And so, in reality, we cannot put together the plan. As soon as we will know their numbers that we will have done the deal, we will start to put in place a plan which will take a few months and after we will execute the plan. This is why it is still skewed at the end of the first year, the first year of the merger, of any merger, not just this one.
Eric Percher: Okay. So, we have your best estimate there. And then for the fiscal year, I know Alex, you mentioned earlier some of the cuts that weve seen potentially in the UK. I know that it was a 6% cut that was delayed earlier. Was your comment around that cut actually being put into place and maybe equally important, George is that in the expectation for fiscal year 2017?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. That was my comment and I think it has been -- announced this morning, we had this morning from the UK. And George will -- I think also its in the guidance. 
George Fairweather: Absolutely, its in our guidance. David made the announcement just a few hours ago, just orally, but it was very consistent with what weve been anticipating, so, no surprises there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. 
Eric Bosshard: Curious, if -- George, if you could outline at all some cornerstones of how we should think about how the U.S. retail profit path should work going forward. Obviously youve got these new partnerships and youve outlined how that might influence gross margin and volume in 2017. But looking over the next handful of years, it would be just helpful to understand the walk of what the expectation might be in terms of either sales growth or profit growth just to have some metrics to think about in regards to that outside of acquisitions but just within the core business what youre envisioning and how youre -- and what goals youre running the business to achieve?
George Fairweather: Well, I think the overall goal obviously as weve said is to focus on our operating income and cash flow. In terms of thinking as weve tried to sort of shape, you should think as we develop the new partnerships that we are able to build our pharmacy, our pharmacy volume, and as we said that we expect that to be -- the group to be faster in the second half of the year and you can think then about taking that beyond, as we said a lot of the new partnerships coming around the end of this calendar, beginning of the next calendar. There is obviously then the function of your views on inflation and then on mix, and of course with very different profile in somewhere like our central specialty versus our core pharmacy, there is an element of mix comes through there and that will obviously change over time. And then -- but we will continue to see the reimbursement pressures that are just very much a way of life. In terms of retail, a lot of our focus has been on developing the offer, as Alex has said, both in terms of the actual offer in store, our own brands; leading U.S. brand or were doing on omni-channel. And so, a lot of our focus is being on working our way through getting ready for that. You should start to see the benefits of that coming through over time, focusing on the offer over time, then we believe we will be able to grow. But we are looking to grow in the right categories, which is very important and so mix is very important. And we know mix is important way of managing the margin, the gross margin in the retail products, part of the U.S. business. And so wed expect to see the benefits of that coming through over time. And then on cost, as we say, as we drive efficiency, then were certainly very focused on continuing to improve our cost ratios. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales is a key area of focus. Again, we would be seeking to see that progressing. So, these really are the core drivers of what should drive the profit. Im particularly talking obviously Retail Pharmacy USA.
Eric Bosshard: And so, within that and I appreciate all of those core drivers and how dynamic it is, but what wed be curious to know is in terms of what youre shooting for this to achieve in terms of operating profit growth from this business? And again, I understand there is a lot of moving parts, but is the goal of this -- this is a mid single-digit operating profit growth or an upper single-digit operating profit growth over the next three to five years, not necessarily the second half of 2017.
George Fairweather: Our overall growth is really as we target really is in terms of generating profit. Its the goal we really talked about just over this time a year ago from our underlying activities to seek to drive profit around the double-digit level and assuming there are no extraneous factors. So, I mean currency would be a good example of an extraneous factor, where there is not a lot we can do on currency translation, it can go one way one year, another way another year. But fundamentally, thats what were focused on is driving profit, and then from core activities, and then obviously shareholder enhancing transactions like the Rite Aid deal. And also at the same time, we are very focused -- and I know its a little old fashioned, but were very focused on cash flow, because cash flow is an engine for growth in the long-term. You see weve made good progress on working capital this year. And this really lets us invest, it lets us over time in M&A, and enables us to continue to drive shareholder value.
Stefano Pessina: As we have said in our presentation, in constant currency, in the last two years, we have delivered a compound growth of more than 15% in earnings on a comparable basis. So, this is independent on the acquisition of AB because we have restated pro forma. This is independent on the number of shares. Practically we have not had any acquisition in the meantime, excluding AB, acquisition contributed much in the last two years. We have also divested something. So, the real growth, the underlying growth of our Company in the last two years has been 13% if we consider the effect of the devaluation of the pound sterling, more than 15% in constant currency. And we have always said that we can deliver underlying double-digit growth, low double-digit growth, and this is what we are doing. And this is what are focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee with Cowen & Company.
Charles Rhyee: Just a couple of questions to clarify, in the guidance for fiscal 2017, can you give us a sense of where we should think about a tax rate for the year, particularly as we think about the Rite Aid business coming on? Should we expect that as a U.S. business to bring the tax rate up slightly? Also Alex, you talked about minimizing or someone talked about minimizing the tobacco footprint in the stores. How much of a headwind may have that caused in foreign sales and should we think about that type of headwind that could cause as you continue to minimize that going forward?
George Fairweather: Okay. Ill take the tax one first and then let Alex take the second one. In terms of tax, weve obviously not given specific guidance for fiscal 2017 on tax. But in terms of thinking about it, if you strip out the discrete items, as I talked about last year, then our real underlying tax pre-Rite Aid last year was -- our underlying tax last year was 26.3% on an adjusted basis. Thats obviously excluding the ABC income because of course that gets reported on a post-tax basis. So, its quite -- in terms of modeling, we always model and think about it the way Ive just described excluding ABC. If you think of that 26.3%, then excluding Rite Aid, thats a fairly good proxy for what it should be going forward because pre-Rite Aid, the mix will be broadly the same. In terms of Rite Aid, youre absolutely right. With Rite Aid, as the proportion of profit increases from the Rite Aid deal once were able to complete it, then we will see a higher portion of profit here in the USA and of course here the tax rates are higher than in most parts of Europe where the rest of the business operates. But of course this year, given the accretion that weve indicated that will be a relatively modest impact.
Alex Gourlay: On the tobacco, the tobacco comments that George made in his script, well continue to obviously minimize and reduce visibility to tobacco in our drug stores but more importantly well continue to help customers to stop smoking through the various platforms, smoke efficient platforms and pharmacies online and with the key suppliers put in place, for example Balance Rewards for healthy choices as one example. But you should expect that well continue to see reducing sales in tobacco category in Walgreens going forward.
Charles Rhyee: Have you -- are you going to be able to quantify sort of what that headwind is as we think about that or can you talk about how much category and sales has been for you historically? I know CBS put out a number of -- couple billion a few years back.
Alex Gourlay: I am sorry. Beyond the market data thats available, we cant give that number. And as I said before, its an effect of the market as well as the effect of what were doing. So, we are just -- its just getting what were doing. And as said also, well give you more updates.
Charles Rhyee: And if I could just add one follow up on Rite Aid again. In terms of the divestiture package, obviously a lot of noise, people making comments here and there. How flexible is this package as you think about stores that youre looking to or willing to divest? Is this one where flexibility in terms of shaping the portfolio to be able to satisfy, not only you have to see it but potential buyers?
Stefano Pessina: Well, we are not able to give the details. First of all, Ill repeat again, we dont know in detail all data of Rite Aid. And its early time for us to take these decisions and that of course even if we them, we could not disclose them. So, its too early. In a few months, probably we will be able to discuss about this.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of todays conference. Id like to turn the call back over to our host.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. And thank you, everyone for joining us today and for your questions. That was our final question. If anybody does have any further questions, the IR team here and myself, Ashish, Deborah, Jay and Patrick are around for the next couple of days and of course always around and available at the end of phone or email.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Fairweather - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer Alex Gourlay - Co-Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Steven Valiquette - Bank of America Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs George Hill - Deutsche bank Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley Eric Kutcher - Barclays John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Mike Otway - Wolfe Research Alvin Concepcion - Citi David Larsen - Leerink Eric Caldwell - Robert W. Baird Charles Rhyee - Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing-by. Welcome to the Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc., Third Quarter 2016 Earning Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be hosting a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now, I will hand the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Sir, you have the floor.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Welcome to our fiscal 2016 third quarter earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer will take you through our results today. Alex Gourlay, Chief Operating Officer of Walgreen Boot Alliance is also joining us on the call and will be available for questions. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations Web site at investor.walgreensbootalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on our Web site for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements and are based on our current market competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by the law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix of the presentation material available on our Investor Relations Web site for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. With that, I will turn the call over to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. As you can see from our results, I am pleased to announce that we have delivered another solid performance. With adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 better than original expectations. We have also made further progress in positioning our company for the future. We are continuing to build strong business partnerships across our markets. In the U.S., we have made particularly good progress in developing a closer relationship with payers and PBM. In March, we exercised our first financial warrants in AmerisourceBergen purchasing common stock. We subsequently extended our pharmaceutical distribution and sourcing arrangements by [indiscernible]. ABC has agreed to make certain working capital investments in their relationship, and we proceed with additional capital investment in its distribution network. Our proposed acquisition of Rite Aid is progressing as planned. As you know, we are in the process of seeking a regulatory approval in parallel our integration team is continuing its work on preliminary planning. In June, we completed a $6 billion public bond offering to support the funding of the acquisition. Also in June, I am pleased to report that we achieved our $1 billion synergy goal for fiscal 2016 from Walgreens and Alliance Boots merger. June was quite a busy month for us. We've also changed our senior management responsibility to structure the company in a way that is more efficient following the successful integration of Walgreens Boots Alliance as we move to operating a unified company. To support me in my role we have created Co-Chief Operating Officer, Alex Gourlay and Ornella Barra, who will oversee the day-to-day activities of the company with the support of George Fairweather as Global Chief Financial Officer and Marco Pagni as Global Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel and of course with the continued support of our other senior leaders. Over the past 10 years, Alex and Ornella have established an extremely effective working partnership and that created significant value for our company today. They will be instrumental in driving the operations of our company in the next phase of its evolution. This will allow me to focus even more on driving the growth strategy and developing our company. You can be assured; however, that these change will not in anyway reduce my scrutiny and expectations of our businesses and the team. Since the quarter end as you are seeing the U.K. referendum on Europe has created some uncertainty and volatility in our market. Our businesses and management teams have operated through main business cycles in many markets. Perhaps changes normal and the sign of life. We work with and manage it every day. Less volatility and uncertainty create issues that would be overcome, but they also provide opportunity for our company. It is our job to ensure that we meet these opportunities positively and position and structure our company to its best advantage. As events unfold and the uncertainty in the wider markets leave us all, I'm confident that we will emerge well-positioned as we enter more optimistic times. The progress that we have made to-date gives us a stronger platform from which to drive further efficiency. Meet the challenges of current volatility manual market and the potential wide economic impact these may have in many of the region we work in and puts us in an even better position for the company to deliver long-term success. Now, let me hand over to George.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Stefano. I would like to start by pointing out that for the first time since the acquisition of Alliance Boots, we have fully comparable quarterly results. Net sales for the quarter totaled $29.5 billion, up 2.4% versus the same quarter last year. These were impacted by currency translation, net sales on a constant currency basis being up 3.3%. GAAP operating income was $1.5 billion, up 9.4%. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.1 billion and diluted EPS was $1.01. The decrease in both GAAP net earnings and net earnings per share was due to fluctuations in the fair value of our ABC warrants. Adjusted operating income was $1.8 billion, up 3.7%. On a constant currency basis, this represents an increase of 4.7%. Adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.3 billion, up 14.7% and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.18, up 15.7%. Adjusted effective tax rate which we calculate excluding the equity income from ABC was 24.4%. The rate benefiting from revisions to the full-year tax rate forecast, including certain discrete items. We now expect the full year adjusted effective tax rate to be broadly in line with the year-to-date rate of 27.2%. For completeness, here are the numbers for the first nine months of fiscal 2016. These results are of course not directly comparable with the first nine months of the previous year. I will not go through them in detail, but you will see that GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.88 was down 28.7%. This reflects a number of accounting factors, including the fluctuations in the warrants and last year's non-cash gain relating to Alliance Boots. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share increased by 17.3% to $3.52. Turning now to our segmental performance, starting as usual with the retail pharmacy USA. Total sales for the quarter and retail pharmacy USA were $21.2 billion, an increase of 3.7% over the same quarter last year. Sales growth was driven by an increase in pharmacy, partially offset by the sale of a controlling interest in our infusion business back in April 2015 comparable store sales increased by 3.9%. As we expected, adjusted gross margin declined by 0.5 percentage points to 26.9% while the pharmacy margin being partially offset by retail products. Adjusted gross profit was up 1.8% to $5.7 billion and adjusted SG&A was $4.3 billion, an increase of 1.1%. As you may recall in the same quarter last year, SG&A was lower than normal. This was because we had a temporary pause in certain investments while we evaluated the returns being generated. We're pleased with our performance and we are well on track towards achieving our overall target savings from our costs transformation program. This program the vast majority of which is in the U.S., will deliver $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2017. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 6.5%, resulting in adjusted operating income of $1.4 billion up 4.1%. Turning now to look in more detail at pharmacy. Total U.S. pharmacy sales in the quarter were up 5.8%. We filled 235 million prescriptions on a 30-day basis including immunizations, an increase of 3.9%. This reflects our strategy of increasing script volume in our stores. On a comparable basis, pharmacy sales increased by 6%, scripts filled being up by 4.5% primarily due to continued growth in Medicare Part D volume. Our reported market share of retail prescriptions on the usual 30-day adjusted basis was 19.6%. Over the year ago quarter, this was up approximately 30 basis points. As we expected, gross margins were lower, mainly due to reimbursement rates and changes in mix partially offset by procurement efficiencies. Retail product sales on a comparable basis increased by 0.1%. This was primarily due to higher sales in the health and wellness and photo categories, partially offset by declines in certain convenience categories. As we've said previously, we are focused on expanding front of store gross margins and are pleased with the progress we've made this quarter. To further drive performance, we are starting to expand our differentiated beauty offering across over 1800 stores. And expect to complete this phase by the end of calendar 2016. Turning next to our retail pharmacy international division, total sales in the quarter for the retail pharmacy international division was $3.2 billion, an increase of 3.4% on a constant currency basis. Comparable store sales increased by 0.2%, clearly comparable figures are in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin was 8.1%, up 0.4 percentage points in constant currency. This resulted in adjusted operating income of $258 million, an increase of 8% in constant currency. Comparable pharmacy sales decreased by 0.7% due to Boots in the U.K. and the loss of certain institutional sales contracts in Chile. Boots U.K. comparable pharmacy sales were down 1% due to the negative impact of a reduction in government pharmacy funding that was expected. As you may know, the U.K. government has been consulting with the industry on pharmacy funding. The consultation period closed at the end of May and we're waiting to hear their conclusions. Comparable retail sales for the division increased 0.7% with strong performances in the Republic of Ireland and Thailand. Boots U.K.'s comparable retail sales increased by 0.6%. We were particularly pleased with the performance of our Sleek cosmetics brand acquired in November last year and No7 in April we successfully launched our new Lift & Luminate triple action serum. Turning now to our pharmaceutical wholesale division. Total sales in the pharmaceutical wholesale division were $5.7 billion. In April, we sold Alliance Healthcare Russia to 36.6 in return for a 15% stake in the combined group. Comparable sales on a constant currency basis excluding acquisitions and dispositions increased by 6.3%. This was ahead of our estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales. In a number of our emerging markets, sales growth was particularly strong. Adjusted operating margin was 3% level with the same quarter last year. Within the pharmaceutical wholesale division, we report a 16% share of ABC's net earnings. This is reported on a two-month lag the quarter included only two weeks of equity method income. Overall, the divisions adjusted operating income increased 4.7% to $179 million. On a constant currency basis, the increase was 7.6% of which 4.7% was for ABC. Next quarter we will recognize a full three-month share of ABC's net earnings based on their quarter to the end of June. Combined net synergies in the quarter from the strategic combination with Alliance Boots were $330 million. This takes a cumulative total up to the quarter end to $947 million. As Stefano said, since the quarter end, we've achieved our goal of reaching at least $1 billion of combined net synergies. Going forward, we will therefore not be breaking them out separately as we have said before. In the quarter, operating cash flow was $2.1 billion. This was due to our solid profit performance and favorable working capital cash flows. Cash capital expenditure was $247 million. This resulted in free cash flow of $1.9 billion. Looking to the full fiscal year results, we have raised the lower end of our guidance by $0.10. Guidance is therefore $4.45 to $4.55. This assumes no impact from the proposed acquisition of Rite Aid and related financing and already assumes currency exchange rates for the rest of the fiscal year. Looking forward to fiscal 2017, our current plan is to issue guidance in October when we announce our full year results. I will now hand back to Gerald. Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Operator, could we now throw the call open for Q&A?
Operator: My pleasure. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on these results. I guess a couple of things I wanted to touch on was, I guess first just on the renegotiation of the distribution agreement with AmerisourceBergen that was announced a few months ago, seeing that was maybe driven by some shifting of cash flow but just curious if you have any additional color on that and also what would be the timing of that renegotiation? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: You can understand. Stefano here. That we cannot comment on a contract. We have been quite clear that there has been some agreement on extending our payment terms and also an agreement on the size of their investments to follow us in our future expansion. So we cannot go further ahead, but of course, if we have extended our agreement by three years and we have committed to take them with our main source for the future, we have done this because we had the right risk for doing it.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got you. One other quick one just the legacy Walgreens management used to talk about driving gross profit growth and maybe 100 basis points or maybe one percentage point higher than SG&A costs growth. You are seeming to achieve that this quarter in retail pharmacy USA because you have 2% gross profit growth, 1% growth in SG&A dollars. Just curious, should we still think about that relationship in terms of managing the U.S. operations or have the targets change a little bit with obviously some of the management changes as well? Thanks.
George Fairweather: We haven't, since the formation of Walgreens Boots Alliance published any targets relating to this. Our focus is obviously on growing our overall profits we're focused on improving our retail gross margin, which I talked about in my presentation. And then on the pharmacy side, we've talked about very clearly that our focus is on growing our profitability on pharmacy in a way linked to building our volume we're clearly pleased with the share gains that we have announced today, which is really continuing the trend we've seen for some time.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Great. Thank you very much and good morning. I was wondering if maybe could just give us a little more color around your new relationship with Optum. It appears that have been winning some nice pieces of the business in the marketplace. Do each of those new pieces of business, are they tied to the new relationships that you have. So, any incremental color you can give us around expectations of the types of volumes you could see with the Optum relationship?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Lisa. Its Alex here. I mean we have had a great relationship with Optum on the cash for many years, so this is very strong historically and as improved in the last period as you have seen. They are doing a nice job I think in the market with their offer. And we are helping particularly with the slight maintain program which gives the customer the choice to go to mail order or augment to their retail. And we believe from the evidence we have seen before the retails are very good option for customers and so does Optum. So with that relationship and with the contract we have in place, to support it, we are working with them on a commercial basis, and we are doing a nice job in winning contracts, which obviously we're very pleased about. Going forward, we hope to see them continue to be successful, and we hope to be their partner commercially for the region for long-term as we have been in the past. So when they win, I believe that we win as we have done in the past we will do in the future.
Lisa Gill: Alex, is there any way to put any kind of numbers or expectations around that as we think about pieces of business that we have known publicly that they have won? Any thoughts at this point or do you think it's too early?
Alex Gourlay: It is really too early. I mean most of these contracts as you know -- all these contract start in 1 January. The focus that we have are part of the deal is to make sure we give a great customer experience. So they are health plan members as they come into Walgreens so that we can actually make sure that we pill through the customers and they stick with us. And I think that is Richard and the team have done a great job in the last period as you've seen by our volume increase and by our gradual increase in market share. So we're confident that when we win contracts, we can win more than our fair share, but our job is to make sure we do that by providing great service and care in the pharmacy.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. And then just a follow up, George, I know you said that included in the guidance is the expectation around currency, but can you just remind us what the EPS sensitivity is to FX? I know you talked about this in the past but I just want to make sure we have this correctly.
George Fairweather: Just of course, Stefano, I think you --
Stefano Pessina: I was saying that of course when we do the contract, we were generating multiyear contracts, we analyzed and we made our calculation of the life of the contract. When you see a new contract you don't expect to see the benefits immediately. The benefits will come and it will be of course bigger if we perform well and you will see a growth during the entire life of the contract. So the benefit of all the contract that we will do will be we grow over the next year. Sorry about that.
George Fairweather: This is George. I think as we said before in terms of currency translation, a 1% movement in the volume of pound versus the U.S. dollar is approximately $0.01 impact on adjusted EPS.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the questions. Just trying to get a better gauge of the fundamental performance of the retail USA business. You guys have given us details on synergy every quarter. Could you maybe give us a sense of how you are tracking on the SG&A savings relative to the $1.5 billion target by the end of fiscal 2017? And how we should think about how that's contributing to the EBIT growth in the quarter would be really helpful.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Robert. It is Alex here. So, I think as George said in the script, we are on plan. The majority of the $1.5 million as George said comes from the USA pharmacy business. We had a comprehensive program and our program is on track and delivering to plan. We see more opportunities going forward and the team here in the USA and also across the rest of the group will continue to drive a more efficient business we can and build more cost plans. And we will give an update at the end of the year in terms of how that plan is going and it's a major part of our strategy to use that scale, user efficiency both in the U.S. and globally to make sure that we are cost-effective pharmacy retailer particularly here in the USA.
Robert Jones: Okay, got it. Then I guess just one question on Part D. You mentioned prescriptions on a same-store basis being strength. From Part D in particular I know getting bigger in Part D has been specific goal of the company. Can you maybe share a little bit more of how you have progressed in winning Part D and maybe where you think you are today from a market share perspective as it relates to Part D?
Alex Gourlay: I guess -- Alex again. I think it's about partnership philosophy. We worked really well across all of these plans. We've always had a strong relationship with United and that continues. And as we've continue to offer our strong ethos into our store network, the right value, the 90-day retail option in terms of Part D, we've been able to win more contracts and we've been able to get into some of the more narrow networks which are forming actually in the marketplace. So I would put that into partnership and delivering really well in stores. It's a very important segment for us. The market is growing faster than rest of the market, we will continue to go up because of the aging population and our 90-day retailers really, really popular with our population. So partnership and focus is the reasons why we are winning and we will continue to do both as best we can.
Robert Jones: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Good morning, guys and thanks for taking the questions. George, I guess two parts, number one, is there anyway that you could quantify for us the impact of the med-D, the increasing med-D mix on U.S. drug margins in Q4? And kind of correlated to that question is, I guess we thought that we would've seen more modest gross margin deterioration given the deterioration in generic drug pricing against math part of the book? I guess just us any kind of qualitative or quantitative color you can put around the gross margin deterioration in the quarter would be helpful with the big moving pieces? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. We see this on plan. So there has been constant reimbursement pressure in the market, we've spoken about this constantly. And we see that pressure going forward we been very open about this -- as the market consolidates and the mix. Remember, we focus on operating margin and that really is the number we pay attention to here. So using our very large fixed assets go into more 90-day we're dispensing once around three times is a very important part of that and also the growth of specialty which is lower margin in terms of percent but higher dollars is another feature of the marketplace. So overall, we are comfortable with where we are and we're comfortable with the strategy we're driving to focus on operating profit rather than just gross margin.
George Hill: Okay. Then maybe a quick follow-up, maybe Alex, if you just want to rank them, is it and separating pressure and mix, is the change in mix kind of leading to more down drift followed by pressure followed by 90, followed by specialty is that the right way to think about the order of the moving pieces as it relates to the margin profile?
Alex Gourlay: No. I just think that the market is growing through the aging population. So that's why med-D is the fastest growing channel as is all of that people are putting together more comparative offers both in terms of price, but also in terms of care and performance. And that comes as well. So I think that's the driving, is really the market has been driven always by the customer and it's a growth market. So therefore, if you are able to provide the right value through a good cost structure which I think we have through the scale, we have here in the USA and the buying power we have globally. And then, you are able to have the right relationship and partnerships, you can take advantage of the fastest growing channel which is med D in a net profitable way and that is what we're doing. So I don't think one or the other to be honest George, I think it's about our market change and we are just positioning ourselves and was a very important market segment for our model and one we are very well positioned to continue to win.
George Hill: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mark Rosenblum: Hi. This is Mark Rosenblum on for Ricky. Can you just talk about the partnership with Valiant and now that you guys are about six months in kind of takeaways and lessons you've learned and just commentary on how you think the relationship is going to-date?
Alex Gourlay: It is Alex, again, here. Yes, we are satisfied and pleased with performance in the dermatology business the volume is as we expected. And remember, we have paid for the service we provide. We're not paid on the margin mix here at all. So we're satisfied the relationship is good. We know Joe well from the past from Pagel where the group had a very good relationship with Joe and Pagel. And we are in constant dialogue with Joe and the management team. Which you see their situation and we are very willing to help them in a positive way. So it's early days a 20-year contract and from our point of view we are pleased. We want to help our partner to be more successful in market.
Mark Rosenblum: Got you. And then just on following up on the RAD acquisition, I know you guys are still expecting a second half close, but if the deal were not to get done, how would you rank your capital deployment priorities now that you have the additional cash on the balance sheet?
Stefano Pessina: Oh, we would have a lot of ideas, but I can assure you that we are for the time being we are not taking into consideration because we are very confident that at the end of this deal we will go through. It takes some time, but we knew it. It is normal of this kind of deals which is a complex deal at the end of the day is normal for this kind of deals to take months and months. So I would say that we are on track. Our lawyers are telling us that we don't have any negative signals, and so we are operating on the -- I thought that we will do the deal, you see that we have raised the capital, you see that we have a big team in place starting the integration and they are working hard to prepare the integration. We are trying to find the right buyers for the pharmacy sector for sure we will have to divest and that is it.
Mark Rosenblum: Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Eric Kutcher with Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you. Maybe focusing on international going back to your comment about discussions with the U.K. authority. Is there a focus on recent cost reduction on any changes that might reduce that? Is it more of a service focused? Could you detail that?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Eric. It is Alex here. And obviously, from the past, I know the U.K. pretty well and I've caught up with the team in the last two days. So this is a deeper conversation about what you call a global some in the U.K., which is the amount of money they pay our pharmacy a combination of drop cost and services. And the government is keen to get more value from pharmacy and that's a negotiation that has commonly been carried out. It's not just for boots but it's for the whole market. Boots has around about 1/5 of the market in the U.K. pharmacy. It is not typical, we have lived with these sort of pressure and these requests for very many, many years both in the U.K. and Europe and we are used to dealing with it. But there is a particular phase we are going through but that request is slightly deeper, and obviously, the industry is working together to try and give the government the best answer we can.
Eric Kutcher: Thanks for that detail. And then, maybe also on international, the piece in Russia, was that previously consolidated and now has been moved to discontinued? Would we see that in the year ago result?
Stefano Pessina: Correct. It was consolidated. Now, it's not consolidated anymore because we have 15% of the new company. To be honest, Russia was quite volatile accounting the weather, the results were depending very much on the weather. And those over time, they are all selling business which was really the best part of the supply chain of the chain in Russia earning wise is deteriorated because the pharmacies have become more important -- in the past the pharmacy were not particularly profitable because they -- the cost of the rents was really very, very high. Now the situation is normalized. You can have long-term or medium-term rents with way of extending the rents. And so the pharmacies are becoming the most important and the profitable part of the chain. And so, we had the opportunity to contribute our wholesale to the largest pharmacy chain because we have 1000 pharmacies in 36.6 but 1000 pharmacies also in another chain a five and two chains have merged. And so we have had 15% in the company where we had the reality 2000 pharmacies and the opportunity to buy out the company idea, so we will see what happens in five years and we will take the decision. It is a big opportunity for us because this is the best segment of the distribution in Russia today.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you. Maybe just the financial impact from that George, so that sounds a little larger than I was thinking, but is there much of a profit impact from that given your ownership stake?
George Fairweather: I mean it's an part working out income is it's very, very small in relation to the size of WBA where we will see an impact is obviously in the sales being a low margin wholesale, the wholesale business, the sales were just under $700 million historically just to give you a size, but that's why we are showing comparable sales on a constant currency basis excluding M&A so that you can really understand the clear performance of wholesale. But really in actual profit contribution terms, this is pretty immaterial.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you.
Stefano Pessina: You have to devaluation of the ruble, you will remember that the ruble has lost quite a lot versus the dollar. And so, the impact has been really low.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel with Guggenheim. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
John Heinbockel: So, two things for Alex. Let me start with store level labor. If you can sort of touch on crosscurrents, impact of minimum wage going up and then change in overtime rules. And then, the flipside offsetting that, where do you think there's still opportunity to trim labor hours to get more efficient? Is it a backroom issue how you use the pharmacy tax thoughts on those would be helpful.
Alex Gourlay: I think there's always more opportunity. As you remember, we are investing quite a lot in our core IT systems right now both in retail and a program that is about six months in and also the pharmacy where we are redoing our pharmacy system over the next five years. These too are not far from working capital benefits, we will clearly make the whole supply chain more efficient and allow us to remove a lot of non-customer facing activity out of the drugstores and save money and also put more hours into customer care, which is part of our strategy to become more differentiated in health, wellness and beauty care and pharmacy. So I think there is a significant investment going in, the Board find itself only a couple of months ago really and we are very confident the programs are well set up and we've got the global expertise both here in America and Europe apply to these two very important programs here in the U.S. We will update you on what that means in the future as it becomes clearer about the benefits that we see coming through. We have already -- going back to the first question starting with minimum wage, we've already in the back room we have already for most lower pay people in stores improved the base salary. We've done that already that's already in the cost you see and we will continue to improve minimum wage against the market, putting very cost regions in the market. Second to that, we are also upscaling our people. For example, we're through with a lot of differentiation. We are putting in place a number of beauty consultants in our top 2000 stores who have got deeper expertise and more knowledge and more ability to take care and drive up sales appropriately with customers. That's another investment we're making in labor cost in our stores but with a very clear return on our investment. So, we are feeling good about where we are on these two investments. With the overtime, we studied this very carefully, we have a solution very clearly mapped out and we'll announce that solution at the appropriate time and it's one that will be both good for people and cost effective to our shareholders.
John Heinbockel: And then secondly, you talked about within the guys at the front-end and the convenience categories, so maybe talk a little bit how you are rethinking that whole part of the business and when you broaden it out to consumables, can that business effectively drive traffic? I mean, you think about, I'm not sure how productive some of those soft drink promotions were, but can that drive traffic or do you want to go back and drive traffic on beauty, the experience and really not use consumables to do that?
Alex Gourlay: Consumables is really important to driving traffic. Particularly, the fill-in shop effectively which is becoming really important to customers across America and we believe that Walgreens in particular can play a much broader role in that. We've only had dates with cards -- bonus or reward cards for just about three years. And now, we are seeing very clearly the opportunities for the fill-in machine. And we are now constructing our offer across, I mean these cash including toiletries that we believe will offer the right brands at the right price not the lowest price, but the right price, I mean on that walk. And it will be different by types of stores for sure and that is quite a complicated piece to get done, but we are well on the journey and you will see that coming through in the months and years ahead. It's very important to our plan. Obviously, we're trying to create destination -- more destination beauty and that plan has already been executed in one third of the stores as we speak. And there will be more to come once we get these stores complete and healthcare has always been a very important casket to us and we continue to drive that casket pretty well. So that's how we see driving football back into a drugstore. Apparently, it's really football, it's the omni-channel, is really important to see that in the U.K., the U.K. team has done a really nice job in the U.K. market here to join our pad, the supply chain and make our effective customers, clearly we can share and borrow some of best practice from Europe and we intend to do that.
John Heinbockel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Otway: Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Otway in for Scott. Thanks for taking the questions. First question, the $0.10 raise in the low-end of the guidance, could you kind of parse it out into tax rate versus stronger profitability? How much is due to both?
George Fairweather: I think there is a bunch of factors coming into this. Obviously, the tax rate has come in a little bit lower as I talked about in my presentation. I think the most important point I would make is obviously we are continuing as we have -- if you look at the guidance we set out at the beginning of the year our ability to continue to raise the lower end really at the time when we've been able to cope with currency moving in the wrong direction for us in translation really I think illustrates the strength of the -- overall strength of the business. Really not a huge amount more I can add to that at this stage.
Mike Otway: Okay. Thanks George. And then, I guess following on John's question earlier, given the focus is on expanding gross margin in the U.S., how should we think about the front-end comp trajectory over the next couple of quarters? Should we expect more of the same until, is there an expectation that the beauty rollout is going to change the trajectory of comps, just any thoughts there?
George Fairweather: Yes. I think obviously we're in this transition period for sure as I spoke about before. We are seeing nice improvements in the operating margin and in the gross margin within that. And the expense of some sales lost and [indiscernible] some seasonal cash because we've actually fundamentally overbought. The next phase is to really start to drive sales particularly in beauty that would be progressive over a period of time. And actually this summer into the autumn season you start to see the comps gradually improve quarter-by-quarter. But the key thing really that we keep on repeating is the comps are important but always going to be relatively low in reality in that mature market where we are really shifting the mix the important thing is the operating margin and that's the thing that we've been consistently focused on over the past couple of years and we are pleased with the progress we're making there and we are seeing more progress in the future.
Mike Otway: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alvin Concepcion with Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Alvin Concepcion: Great. Thank you. Just wanted to follow-up on Rite Aid, sounds like it's still on track just wondering when you expect to hear more color from the SEC, if you could give us anymore color on the discussions and related to other changes in the number of stores divestiture you expect.
Stefano Pessina: We still believe that our initial estimate is correct. We still believe that at the end we will stay in the range of these stores that we initially indicated around 500. And time wise, we still believe that we will be able to really do the deal -- finish the deal by the end of this financial -- calendar year as we said. So by December, we believe that everything will be done. But of course, it doesn't depend on us, FTC will let us know when they are ready.
Alvin Concepcion: Got it. Thank you. And kind of a tough question, I realize it's very early, but as it relates to Brexit, have you seen or would you expect to see an impact in underlying demand, or margins in the U.K. business since the announcement excluding currency impacts of course?
Stefano Pessina: Very, very difficult to say. The situation is very volatile at this time. For sure, the period of uncertainty will be quite long whatever happens because even if the U.K. will leave the Euro, it cannot happen overnight, it will take at least two years. And the consequence of it will be much longer than two years. So, I believe that once the emotional impact is gone, things will settle down and we will have an idea of what is happening, but for now really -- it's really too early, too soon we have seen in the stores days -- very good days, bad. So in a few months probably we will be able to say something.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Alvin. It's Alex here. Again, just a couple of things tied to what Stefano said. I think historically Boots has been very solid through difficult times. But it tends to over perform the market during recessions or slowdowns because it's got a strong beauty business and people still buy into beauty even in tough times and that's been historically the case. So we feel that that's important. And this is still broadly positioned both in beauty and in healthcare in the U.K., the team have done a nice job there to keep it strong and the model still very strong. So, I think if any retail business is positioned to do okay during these uncertain times, as Stefano talked about I think it is the Boots brand in the U.K.
Alvin Concepcion: Got it. Thank you for that color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Larsen with Leerink. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Larsen: Hi. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you talk about a high level who buyers of these RAD stores could potentially be, especially for stores that are in world markets? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: We cannot give indication on that.
David Larsen: Okay.
Stefano Pessina: We cannot go even because at the end of the day, we don't know exactly, how many stores and where. We have an idea but we don't know exactly. So, for time being it's really too early.
David Larsen: Okay. And then, let's say the FTC wanted to continue to review the transaction until say March of 2017, I mean, are you willing to allow the process to continue into 2017?
Stefano Pessina: For the time being, we don't have the feeling, our lawyers don't have this feeling. If this will happen, we will see and we will try to understand why the process become so long because if there are just technical reasons of course we will wait. If it is a symptom of something which is going not in the right decision that we will take a decision at the time. But I repeat for the time being, we are -- our lawyers are very quite optimistic, I would say optimistic.
David Larsen: Okay. And then, my last question is, do you have any thoughts on, would you keep the volumes with McKesson or switch them over to AmerisourceBergen, any high level thoughts on that? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: When we will conclude the deal with Rite Aid then we will see what to do. Of course, we are to take into consideration that we have a good confident and fantastic relationship with Rite Aid. So we will analyze what to do at the right time.
David Larsen: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Caldwell with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eric Caldwell: Thanks very much. First, I just have a hopefully an objective and friendly comment here to help, Walgreens both prior to and after this current team's leadership has only beaten revenue three times in the last five years. Even with the Street lowering forward targets after each quarter, I guess what I am saying is, I just really think you need to maybe circle the wagons and provide better insight into things such as pricing, generic launches, conversion rates mix, anything that can help folks get to a better method on the top line, I think would be a huge help. So that's my comment. I would love you to take it under consideration. The question is around tax items, I am curious I did not see this, what were the discrete items in the quarter? How much did they impact the third quarter ended any of the lower expected tax rate for the year , did any of that come from items that might be deemed as more sustainable as opposed to discrete? Thanks very much.
George Fairweather: Fundamentally, there was a small amount of discrete items. Typically, obviously, one is prudent and doing provisioning, and then, when one is able to agree numbers with various tax authorities, then one has to discrete items. But fundamentally, we've been doing a lot of work looking at our underlying tax rate. And exactly, what the quite complex structure that we got in place, what is the real underlying rate we've been quite conservative in the first part of the year on this. While, we are doing this work and really the numbers that we have seen in the quarter if you look at the year-to-date as we said in my presentation that really gives us a true reflection of what the rate would be with this mix of profits at the currency rates that we've seen in this year-to-date. So I think it's -- I think you should really look at it as the clear rate. Clearly, if we then -- our going forward, the mix changes and clearly it will change with Rite Aid coming in being U.S.-based and the U.S. being obviously one of the highest tax countries in the mix of where we trade and you will see the tax rate going up and reflecting mix but only mix.
Stefano Pessina: Substantially, this quarter we have taken some provisions that we have made before in the previous quarter for the bulk of it. Being prudent and now we have released it. So overall for the year, this is the real -- substantially the real tax rate and the real dollars that we have paid in tax that we will pay in tax.
Eric Caldwell: Okay. Thanks very much for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Charles Rhyee: Thanks. Maybe going back to the rollout of the Boots products in the U.S. I know you're expanding it now into more stores, can you talk about sort of what the up tick has been in the existing stores as a percent of the front end sales? I know you are historically targeting sort of 5% mix shift over time, but just curious where we are at this point.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Charles. Its Alex. We have had these products in different tests and trials in New York and more importantly in Phoenix, which is a more normal market for us in terms of stores for 18 months. And we're really seeing two effects, we are seeing bigger baskets across the beauty spend from customers, I'm seeing more repeat customers coming back with particularly No7 skincare in the basket. And these numbers we extrapolated with costs. We also looked at different models of investment from people point of view and investment fixturing. And we created what we thought was a most customer perspective and importantly the best model for return to our shareholders. And as we are implementing right now the summer and roundabout 1600 more stores. And we are very confident because we have seen these customer behaviors more in the basket and coming back more often, specifically for No7 skincare, consistently for 18 months. So that's what we have seen and that's how we have measured it. And clearly, we have long-term goals to shift the mix to more owned and home brands in the U.S. business and this is a start of our journey particularly in the important beauty categories.
Charles Rhyee: Can you talk about, if I recall correctly No7 and some of the other Boots products are sold in other chains today, can you talk about what that mix looks like in those shores in those other chains and how relevant they are to what you expect for Walgreens over time and other ways to also leverage that brand recognition majority have and maybe shift those buyers back to the Walgreens stores? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: The intention is to grow the brand. So we have good distribution and target and have had for many years and have good relationship and we have distribution growing and also we are doing a nice job with other brands in many other people's brands to be fair to them, that we are doing a good job. So from our point of view, they are different channels to Walgreens. Walgreens is a drugstore channel and the customers -- some customers do swap across both, of course, they do, but we have so much opportunity with Walgreens was 6 million customers about 20% of them are what we call look good, feel good customers who are prepared to buy more beauty products from Walgreens. And that's what we're focused on in the Walgreens channel. The rest of the team led by Kane, who heads up our brands division for WBA are focused on building the brands and across America and building good relationships with the partners outside of Walgreens is a very clear strategy and one where we want to be successful in both and that's what we intend to do.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. That was the last question. We have time for. Thank you to everyone for participating in the call. If you do have other questions, we did try and slightly restructure the presentation and call today to allow for more time for questions than we normally would have done. If there are other people who do have questions, or queries please feel free to contact anyone at the IR team here, myself, Ashish Kohli, Deborah Walter, Jonathan Spitzer or our new member Patrick Bartoski. And thank you very much indeed.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Fairweather - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and President of Walgreens
Analysts: Alvin Concepcion - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Eric Kutcher - Barclays Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Lisa Gill - JPMorgan George Hill - Deutsche Bank Eric Caldwell - Robert W. Baird David Larsen - Leerink Partners John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Charles Rhyee - Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects of Walgreens Boots Alliance. Sir, you may begin.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fiscal 2016 second quarter earnings call. Today, Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our results in greater detail. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Alex Gourlay, Executive Vice President of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and a webcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and other filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to the appendix of the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. With that I will turn the call over to Stefano for some opening comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. It is a pleasure to be talking to you all today, although I must say that these quarterly earnings calls always present me with my challenge. The work that we are doing within our businesses around the company is far reaching and over time we will have a confirmative impact. But quarter-to-quarter it is not always easy to find new things to say or to demonstrate the changes in our company other than by the meticulous taking of the detail numbers and that is naturally what George is here to do. My role on these calls is to put the results in the context of a bigger picture, but that bigger picture though it will look very different over the years to come, does not show great [indiscernible] of a time and frankly, we should all be glad about that as stability is generally a good thing. The changes we are making must be managed carefully and progressively if they are to have a long term and sustainable impact on the company. This quarter we have continued to make good progress in driving cost out, establishing even more efficient working practice and in factoring the company appropriately for the future. We can see the impact of this in the company's results announced today with adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance diluted share up 11% compared to the same quarter last year to $1.31. All three divisions have we believe delivered a very creditable financial performance, but there is plenty more to do and we are still at a relatively early stage in this process. Since last quarter results, we have made good progress in developing the company with a more focused mindset and strategic direction and I will talk about this later in our presentation, but for now I will handover to George to talk us through the financial performance.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Stefano. Good morning everyone and good afternoon to those listening in Europe. Overall we view our second quarter performance as quite good, particularly given the number of headwinds including the weak cough, cold, flu season and currency translation. So beginning as usual with the key financial highlights for the quarter, net sales were $30.2 billion up 13.6% versus the same quarter a year ago. This increase was largely due to the consolidation of Alliance Boots for the entire second quarter this year and to sales growth in our Retail Pharmacy USA division. Foreign currency translation adversely affected sales by approximately $750 million or 2.4%. This was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. On an adjusted basis operating income was $2.1 billion up 15.2% of net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.4 billion up 14.4% and diluted earnings per share were $1.31 up 11.0%. These results are of course not directly comparable with the second quarter of fiscal 2015 due to Alliance Boots transaction in December 2014 and the resulting changes in our consolidated group and segmental reporting. We have now lapped the closing of that transaction and we'll have fully comparable quarterly results beginning in the third quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $1.9 billion up 35.1%. The GAAP net earnings level our performance versus last year was impacted by a number of accounting factors. The most significant being last year's non-cash gain on the remeasurement fair value of our previously held equity investment in Alliance Boots and the change in fair value adjustments on our AmerisourceBergen warrants. As a result, GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $930 million and diluted EPS were $0.85. This is a leap year our second quarter results benefited from one extra day versus last year. We have also prepared all comparable sales and prescription figures to include only the first 28 days of February. For completeness, here are the numbers for the first of half of fiscal 2016. I will not go through those in great detail, but you will note that adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.34 is up 18.2% versus the same period a year ago. So turning now to our segmental performance. Total Retail Pharmacy USA sales for the quarter were $21.5 billion an increase of 2.1% over the same quarter a year ago. Sales on a comparable store basis increased by 2.2%. This sales growth was driven by increased market share partially offset by the sale of a controlling interest in our infusion business last April and the weak cough, cold, flu season which was particularly strong in the comparable period last year. Adjusted gross margin increased 10 basis points to 27.7% primarily due to procurement efficiencies. This resulted in $6.0 billion of adjusted gross profit up 2.8%. Adjusted SG&A was $4.3 billion an increase of 30 basis points as we continued to focus on store efficiencies and controlled corporate costs. Adjusted operating income was $1.6 billion up 2.1% giving an adjusted operating margin of 7.6%. Excluding Walgreens share of equity earnings in Alliance Boots in the year ago quarter, adjusted operating income for the division grew by 10% and adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points. So turning now to look in more detail at Pharmacy. Pharmacy sales were up 3.2% for the quarter, 233 million prescriptions were filled on a 30-day basis including immunizations. It was an increase of 3.9%. On a comparable store basis, pharmacy sales increased by 3.7% with comparable scripts filled up 2.8%. We view this as a good performance, particularly given the weak cough, cold and flu season this year which we estimate are the 30 basis points negative impact on comparable scripts. Reported incidents of flu across the USA declined by 16% compared with the year ago quarter according to IMS Health. Overall, our retail prescription market share on a 30-day adjusted basis increased by 19.5% up approximately 20 basis points over the year ago quarter, again as reported by IMS Health. Our increase in comparable store scripts was driven by Medicare Part D growth strategy where we grew market share. Consistent with our expectations we experienced a decline in Pharmacy gross margins, which were impacted by ongoing reimbursement pressure and changes in mix, including an increased contribution from Medicare Part D. As you know, the new Medicare Part D rates came into effect on January 01 this year. Our second-quarter results therefore included two months of the new rates, but looking ahead our third and fourth quarters will reflect their full impact. As we've said before, we continue to anticipate gross margin pressure in Pharmacy, but remain confident in our ability to grow the business over time. Retail product sales were up 30 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2015 with sales on a comparable basis down 30 basis points. Gross margin increased compared with the year ago quarter. Again, we are pleased with these results given the weak cough, cold, and flu season. We estimate this headwind had an impact of approximately 100 basis points on comparable sales this quarter. We saw good performances over Christmas and New Year with strong sales in giftables and candy. Wellness, another area of focus also performed well driven by sales of vitamins and first-aid products. We also made good progress in driving sales of No 7 during the quarter. As I have mentioned before, we are on track to rollout our differentiated beauty offering to an additional 1600 stores beginning this summer. This will increase the total number of stores with this beauty offering to approximately 2000 by the end of calendar 2016. So let me now provide more detail on our Retail Pharmacy International division. Total Retail Pharmacy International sales for the quarter were $3.7 billion with pro forma constant currency comparable store sales up 2.3%. Adjusted gross profit was $1.5 billion with an adjusted gross margin of 41.1%. As you are aware, this quarter is not directly comparable with the same quarter last year which did not include December 2014. December is a very significant sales month, but typically has a slightly lower gross margin reflecting a higher proportion of gifting items. Adjusted SG&A was $1.2 billion and adjusted operating income was $335 million. The adjusted operating margin of 9.1% was higher than the year ago period due to the seasonally strongest month of December being part of our second quarter this year. So looking more closely at the segment, comparable pharmacy sales on a pro forma constant currency basis were up 2.6% and comparable retail sales were up 2.1%. Comparable pharmacy sales in British UK increased by 3.0% as a result of an increase in average item value and additional high-value drugs dispensed in hospital pharmacies. Comparable retail sales at British UK were up 1.8% driven by good performance over the holiday period. Growth in our boots.com 'order and collect' service was strong with seasonal categories on our beauty product brands such as No7 and Soap & Glory being key drivers. Liz Earle also performed very well in the quarter both in-store and online. We are continuing the UK rollout of Liz Earle and Sleek which we acquired in November. Outside the UK sales growth continued to be particularly strong in the Republic of Ireland. Turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Total sales for Pharmaceutical Wholesale were $5.6 billion. On a pro forma constant currency basis, excluding acquisitions and disposals, comparable sales increased by 1.6% over the same quarter in 2015. This was in line with our estimate of market growth weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales. Turkey, the UK and Norway performed well, while the French and Russian markets remained challenging. Adjusted operating income for the division was $155 million in the quarter and adjusted operating income margin was 2.8%. Going forward the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division will include our share of net earnings attributable to our equity method investment in AmerisourceBergen. I'll now just take a few moments to explain how we will account for this. As you know following the exercise of our first tranche warrants on March 18 we own 34.2 million shares or approximately 15% of the outstanding shares of AmerisourceBergen. We will account for this investment using equity method accounting subject to a two-month reporting lag. The lag synchronizes our reporting with the end of the quarterly fiscal periods. Due to the lag in our third quarter we will only recognize our share of equity income for a couple of weeks, but of course we will recognize a full quarter of equity income in our fourth fiscal quarter based on AmerisourceBergen's quarter ending June, 30. From a funding perspective, we used approximately $1.2 billion from existing cash on hand to exercise the warrants. Combined net synergies in the quarter from the Alliance Boots program were $329 million taking the cumulative total for this fiscal year to $617 million. We are well on track to deliver our goal of reaching at least $1 billion of combined net synergies in fiscal 2016. We are also continuing to make good progress in delivering our $1.5 billion cost-saving program by the end of fiscal 2017 and are well on track to achieve this. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $2.4 billion driven by our combination of operational performance and cash conversion from the sale of seasonal inventory. Cash capital expenditure in the quarter was $317 million. As I have said on previous calls, we continue to invest in key areas that develop our customer proposition including IT. This resulted in free cash for the quarter of $2.0 billion. As we have stated previously, we're very focused on cash flow and are very disciplined in making capital allocation decisions and we remain committed to a solid investment grade rating. As you have seen from our press release, we have narrowed our fiscal 2016 guidance range to between $4.35 and $4.55 by raising the bottom end of the range by a further $0.05. This assumes AmerisourceBergen equity income on a two-month lag no material accretion from agreement to acquire Rite Aid, the previously announced suspension of the balance of our $3 billion share buyback program, the continuation of our normal anti-dilutive buyback program relating to equity incentives, and no significant changes in current currency exchange rates. Please remember that we have currency translational exposure. Not only does this impact our adjusted operating income and EPS, but it can also cause quarterly volatility in the sales gross margin and SG&A line items. We estimate that 1% move in Pound Sterling and the euro versus the dollar impacts full year sales by approximately $150 million and $125 million respectively. On an adjusted earnings level a 1% move in Pound Sterling impacts full year adjusted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share of the impact of the euro is somewhat less significant. Note that other currencies can also impact reported results, particularly on the sales line as they did this quarter. Our guidance reflects current currency rates and so factors in headwind of $0.06 since we provided our initial fiscal year 2016 guidance back in October 2015. Since Walgreens provided its fiscal 2016 adjusted earnings per share goal way back in August 2014 that was a $4.25 to $4.60 we've encountered a currency headwind of around $0.19 per share. And lastly, when considering the outlook for the balance of this fiscal year, please keep in mind that during the third quarter of our last fiscal year that we had a temporary pause in certain investments within our U.S. business as we evaluated the returns being generated on certain projects. By the time we entered the fourth quarter of last fiscal year we had finished this exercise and resumed our more normalized SG&A spend. This led to SG&A last year being a little lower in Q3 and a little higher in Q4 than you would expect on a more normalized basis. So with that, I will hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So, if youve heard of all our companies therefore being pretty much in line with our expectation. [Indiscernible] we are now past the main year of the exceptional items that impacted us during the last few quarters as we began to work of bringing our management information system together and started work as with most of our projects is now complete after such a short time as a unified company we are making good progress. As our business begins to normalize and embrace a new approach to important gain control both at the business and operational level we are beginning to see far more cleanly the impact and implications of the levers we have to influence our operations and the areas where we have the greatest opportunities and the areas where we have the most work to do. I have to say that this is very much what we expected. It is an important and necessary exercise to help ensure our priorities are correct and our assumptions are not flawed. I believe that one of our greatest things as a managing team is that where we can, we base our decision on provable facts and where we can't, we always and I mean always question our own assumptions. Then we go back and check whether we were right or not so that we can learn and do better next time. In our U.S. division you can see some examples of how slightly you focus on the way we work is impacting the company already in a very real way, beyond the impact that our cost saving and synergy programs are bringing. In the more innovative approach is we are taking in terms of partnership and strategic relationship such as that we have entered into Valeant Pharmaceutical, why Valeant is as a company is clearly still working its way through some challenges. The collaboration that we have with them, though still in its early stages is showing some very promising results in terms of improved access and affordability of their product. Since the close of the quarter, we have announced a partnership with OptumRx to create a new 90-day at Retail Pharmacy collaboration giving eligible OptumRx member choice of how to receive their medication and providing them with 24/7 pharmacists availability. Although I cannot disclose the terms of this contract, it is fair to say that it has been structured so that there is a shift in mutual benefit to us working together to increase the utilization and volumes in a more collaborative manner that I understand to have been the case in the past. Of course, now let me [indiscernible] is continuing as we expect with the regulatory approval process progressing in line with the timetable we had expected. All these actions not only contribute to the development of the company, but also provide us with opportunities and the flexibility to continue the process of reviewing and rejuvenating our existing operation, both in retail and pharmacy, further differentiating us in the marketplace. These actions also validate that in seeking to lead improved efficiency in the healthcare value chain we not only target highly selective M&A activities, but also new partnership and relationship driven on equity alignment like AmerisourceBergen. Innovative commercial relationships such as the Valeant supply contract as well as improvement in long-standing arrangements with our critical business partners. As we have always said, this is much longer term, but its essential to the sustainable future of our company. We have to find new innovative and valuable offering to continue to bring people to our stores. In pharmacy, the contracts can help us to do these to an extent, but we need to announce our patient offering and then ensure we maximize the value of that interaction both to the patients and to ourselves as a company through enhanced services and a richer relationship between the patients, the pharmacies team and our company overall. In the front of our stores, we need to focus our offering, be clear what we stand for and define our two areas of expertise and differentiation and we need to offer these through whatever medium or interface the customer wants. We have done well in controlling cost and improving efficiency, but we understand that these have limited life span, if the growing [indiscernible] cannot be altered. Alex and his team know this and are very focused on their very strategies to address the recent trend. If these all sound very U.S. focused it is perhaps not surprising as today the U.S. is the market where we have the most immediate opportunities. This does not mean we are neglecting our other markets. Far from it. In the UK, the team is working hard on strategies to keep Boots stores and our brand portfolio not just ahead of the market but most relevant to its customers. While working on plan to manage and mitigate the next round of what is ever present government pressure on pharmacy prices and across our businesses owned and in partnership to our equity investment, the work on [indiscernible] constant daily to renew the structure of payment, to be the best they can be and to always be ready to address the challenges, but more importantly to take the opportunities where we see them. However, we must do this with a strict vigilance and vigor so that we achieve it without disrupting the extraordinary level of service our customers that theyve come to they were right to expect from us and without failing to deliver for you as the owners of our company. Now lets open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alvin Concepcion with Citi. You may begin.
Alvin Concepcion: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my question and great performance in the quarter. I just had a question on the U.S. retail pharmacy operating margins. On an adjusted basis, it looks to be flat relative to last year, so Im wondering to what extent did the soft flu season hurt your margin this quarter and as a follow-up to that based on what youre seeing out there, what is your level of confidence that the operating margin in the U.S. retail business will continue to improve both this year and longer-term?
Alex Gourlay: Hi good morning, Alvin, its Alex here. Yes the cough, cold season, I mean the mix particularly in the front of store does have an impact. We have already noticed that we actually might increase the margin from the store despite that impact. On the other side, which is still the bigger impact on the operating margin in the U.S. is pharmacy reimbursement and we continue to see the pressures we've spoken about in the past on today and also going forward as George mentioned on the call, we might be seeing additional volume point of view on plan and have the expected impact on margins and reimbursement pressure as results. So I will say that there is really no change overall in the margin. We continue to work hard to improve the front end store margin with some successes and we continue to see constant reimbursement pressure which were dealing with as we are planning to do going forward.
Alvin Concepcion: Thank you. And on the guidance, it does appear to include the ABC equity income now, Im just curious, what youre building in for the EPS contribution from that?
George Fairweather: Yes it does include ABC, weve obviously, this is no change to where weve always internally looked at this because obviously the economics of the warrants were such that it was the right thing to do to exercise the warrants, the first set of warrants at the earliest opportunity, which is what weve done.
Alvin Concepcion: Got it and last one from me, Im just curious about the beauty rollout. You know I know New York and Phoenix are some of the most matured markets, Im curious if you could give us a little bit more color on what youre seeing there, have you seen an uplift Im sure to the beauty section but Im curious if youve seen one at the overall front end?
Alex Gourlay: Hi Alvin, it is Al again. Yes, were really pleased with the performance both particularly in Phoenix which is more normal for the - in the state. Im taking the best model we saw in Phoenix and we're now rolling that out as George said to 1600 more stores this autumn. Im very confident about the return we will get from that. Its certainly impacting the beauty basket in a positive way and in particular No7 continues to be the brand on skin in particular which is driving more frequency and driving a bigger basket. So we [indiscernible] the execution plan is on track and the team are really excited about this. And if I dont think its not just about the products, its also important about the customer care model and slight and important enhancement, overall look and feel in a standard drug store. So its not just about the products, its about the overall experience the customer would start to get in beauty and it lays a really good foundation for the future where we have potentially more opportunity and more brands and more opportunity over time to satisfy more customers in the front end in beauty.
Alvin Concepcion: Yes, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Willoughby with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Robert Willoughby: Just a quick one, do you have any opportunities to expand the generic purchasing power of your consortium? I guess what were asking is, do you have a role, any role whatsoever in the Amerisource discussions with Express Scripts about renewing their distribution agreement this year?
Stefano Pessina: No we, of course, of course Amerisource is a separate company and they have to manage their contract independently on us. For the generics, the situation is quite complex because its not obvious that if you buy more, you buy better, it depends on what you buy and where are you buy. It is an analysis which has to be done very carefully and we have also to think that if you want to really be preferred customers, we have also to abide by certain rule. One of those rules being the fact that you must have the right quantity of products because if you need more products then the manufacturer can manufacture, you have to go and have meet the manufacturers at the certain time and at that point, your bargaining powers of course is less because instead of them needing us, we need them. So the situation is complicated and of course, we analyze any opportunity on the market. We are open to discuss everything which can improve our efficiency, but we dont have to believe that every contract or every addition at the end is really profitable.
Robert Willoughby: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Kutcher with Barclays. You may begin.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you. Alex you mentioned that in Part D, youve seen the type of volumes you expected but obviously rate pressure, could you speak to your overall strategy on rate versus volume and what you have seen in commercial plans, I know there is some major contract renewals this year, what you've seen in January and February in terms of volume delivered and how this fits in with the broader Optum strategy?
Alex Gourlay: Thanks Eric. Yes I think it is finally the results, we have been pretty clear that we want to try more volume into pharmacies and we have been encourage by what we have been in that D and again this season has gone well and therefore you should expect us to continue to drive our strategy in Optum. [Indiscernible] is an example of that where we have an opportunity to work with the team Optum and to really take care of customers 24/7 and provide more services where they want to get a mail order or where they want to pick up in their local pharmacy. Im pleased with that partnership to of course that starts and join in 2017. In terms of our overall strategy to drive more volume into our pharmacies we know that we have to continue to build good relationships and strong relationships with every single payer including PBMs and health systems and insurance companies. And that we intend to do, has been a real focus of a Brad and Richard and their teams and we are happy with the progress they are making. The one thing I would say is that, as we always say  we said this in the start is that we know that reimbursement pressure will continue and therefore we think this is going to be an effective strategy and we believe this will be true at tomorrow as it has been for us in the last 12 months. And of course finally we dont make any comment about the major contracts. As you know, that's not something we talk about in the open until we have completed.
Eric Kutcher: Fair enough and may be a follow up is, have you seen uptake as a result of programs, clinical programs you are putting into place, have you seen any willingness to adapt narrow networks and a more aggressive stance I am thinking back to the Caterpillar type strategy that we saw several years ago?
Stefano Pessina: Yes, I think we are seeing now in the networks, I think thats been a feature of the market family for the last couple of years. But more importantly and were seeing people pushing for more of a healthcare comments particularly in the Med D space we have, there is more payment available now for delivering against the SARS on generic utilization. So, I think these features of the market are continuing and we continue to recognize them and do what we can to make sure that we are part of that, not these networks and delivering good care and good quality to our customers.
Eric Kutcher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi good morning and congrats on a very good quarter. Stefano in your prepared comments you talked about really how you are challenging the norm in looking for new ways to partner with the different players and continuing. So when we think about the Optum relationship, can you may be share with us any kind of like thoughts about do you have opportunities to expand that beyond Optum and also to include kind of like the united population? Are you having these conversations or is this something that would depend on the success of your relationship with Optum?
Stefano Pessina: Well, this a first step of course so as you have said. We are very keen to create new partnerships and to have good relationship with as many companies and many people as possible and I dont exclude that we could do similar things with other partners. Whether this is the first step for further integration, well it seems to me that we go too far if we say this. It is obvious that any, any kind of additional relationship, any collaborations its helping to understand better each other and to find other ways to collaborate. But this agreement is what it is, its a commercial agreement which makes a lot of sense, which can create value for both parties, it could be followed by other agreement. Of course we are open, but we could also have similar or different agreements without a partner.
Alex Gourlay: Ricky, it is Alex, I just want to add one thing, our biggest Med D partnership remains with United that they are very important player in our space and weve been with them for some time and Walgreens and continue to work closely with them.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, so I guess the question was right, it seems that there is kind of like opportunities once you kind of like tie in the health plan data to kind of like take a more holistic view of the patient and really kind of like empower the pharmacy which I think are things that you have been talking about in the past. So, kind of like for us kind of like when we step back and we think about the longer term this is kind of like part of the bigger vision from Optum-United tie?
Stefano Pessina: I wouldnt give too much weight to this agreement, but I can also say that this agreement for sure is not an impairment problem that relates to the future.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay and then I noted obviously you can say a lot about Rite Aid, but obviously the divestures are top of my investors will get a lot of questions about it. So I guess has anything changed in the comparative landscape since you announced the deal that could impact the potential divestures?
Stefano Pessina: No, nothing has changed, except the fact that we are collaborating and as the time is passing probably the solution will be closer because at the end of the day we knew from the very beginning that this would have been a very long process that we would have been of many, many documents and information. We are going through the process, the process is developing in an absolute normal way and so we hope that sooner or later we will have an indication on where we are, but of course we cannot put a day or within a month for this indication because it depends very much on how deeply the FDC wants to analyze all of the documents that we have given, but is nothing a typical exactly on line with what we were expecting.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, great and last question for George. I know, I think you said that no comment on Express, but just in terms of may be timing clarification given your fiscal year, should we think about just an Express contract is it relevant to fiscal year 2016 or is it more a fiscal year 2017 type of an impact?
George Fairweather: We obviously, dont comment on individual terms of contracts with any of our peers is just Alex had said earlier, so really I cant, Im afraid I cant really answer that question.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the questions, sorry if I missed this, but could you share what the generic headwind and price inflation impact were on the U.S. pharmacy same-store sales? It seems to us like price inflation meaningfully decelerated, so I guess first is that correct and then if that is correct did the weakness come more from the branded or the generic side?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi, hi, Robert it is Alex here, yes there was a shift towards more of the inflationary and in part particularly in generic switches that always the bulk of our volume, our value so again that is true, but again its a  obviously its a trend thats being  we were more or less flat last quarter and this quarter we're going straight with the inflationary. And I think the other thing thats this what [indiscernible] bring really in terms of sales is importance of the specialty business within that as well and again we are driving that pretty well overall, but again as that was an impact in terms of sales year-on-year again in terms of some less inflation in specialty which is a quite a big value number overall. So, I think that was, the two key things. We're pretty pleased with volume. You know the volume was, I think as George says it was up 3.9%. We gained some market share according to IMS and thats pretty much on the trend that's been going out for some time now and we continued to drive that quite hard. So, that's where we are so a slight deflation in generics, slight slowdown in specialty. Im pleased with volume.
Robert Jones: Got it. And then I guess George, just wanted to ask a question on the proposed treasury rules from last night, I know it just came out, but is there anything specific around the proposal specifically around intercompany lending that would affect your tax strategy? Just curious if that or either of the proposals as you see them at kind of first glance would limit your ability to generate more efficient tax rate?
George Fairweather: Rob we continue to obviously closely watch those all those developments, at this stage its too early to comment. We continue to look to ways to optimize our arrangements in terms of funding, but at this point really Im not envisaging any change from what youre seeing in our current numbers, but we will keep you posted.
Robert Jones: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. I just want to go back to a couple of comments. First, Stefano, you talked about patient offerings and announcing services related to your pharmacists, can you give us any indication as to some of the things youre thinking about there and does that tie into specialty or I was trying to hear more in the market that were seeing more and more specialty drugs actually comes through the retail pharmacy, is that a trend that youre seeing and is it more that youll have pharmacists helping to manage some of those trends, if you could just give us an indication as to what your thoughts are there? And then as it relates to Optum, I know you dont want to give specifics, but is there any way that you can maybe give us parameters, you or George around how to think about, how many incremental prescriptions we could see come with this relationships based on other narrow network type relationships that youve had with United?
Stefano Pessina: No I dont believe that we can give [indiscernible] we cannot give indication about the contract and about the specialty, what you want to know exactly?
Lisa Gill: So are you seeing more specialty drugs coming through your retail pharmacy than in the past or perhaps in the past its gone through a specialty pharmacy rather than coming through the retail network? So are you starting to see programs for example where your pharmacist is interacting on behalf and doing more services around specialty and just any thoughts that you have around specialty contracting and the impact to your business right now?
Stefano Pessina: I believe that these should be an important development in our company in the future. We have started. We are focusing our attention on specialty. The specialty side is important and it will continue to be important even though the margin will probably shrink and so they would be important because they would be a big part of the market, but there will not be probably in future, so profitable as they are today. All the same of course, we have to play our part and so we are focused on that. But its true that we could offer for the specialty service to the customers that as pharmacist that not many other people could offer, maybe Alex?
Alex Gourlay: Yes its Alex here. Again, I think its really insightful question for sure. For sure there is more interest from manufacturers in mixed model or central specialty on distribution to retail pharmacy and thats because the patients and customers do like having care closer to where they live, when they are on certain medications so the carers do as well. Weve seen that trend and I will say going for a while. There has been more interest and more contacts particularly since we started to speak about new model and relationship with Valeant, but at this stage we are really working out through in terms of what does that mean for what we do today. So we know we got some great assets and communities beyond the [indiscernible] in terms of excellence that we have within our normal drug stores, we have community pharmacies well over 100 now close to where some of these specialist doctors look after patients and we have again plans for well over couple of hundred in hospital pharmacies as well again doing with outpatient specialty. So we think we got a fantastic network to be honest to deal with this trend as it comes through, but were still working, so the interest is high. Were building our assets and were working on other partnerships we need with both manufacturers and others to try and take advantage of this trend.
Lisa Gill: And then just my last question would be, your comment Stefano around the relationship with Optum and the fact that it doesnt preclude you from working with others, you could see some closer relationships in the marketplace. Back to that, the comments around the Express Scripts contracts being up, I know a few years ago there was a Smart 90 contract that was signed. Im just curious, do you see incremental opportunities to work with Express specifically, are there ways to enhance what youve learnt from that Smart 90 relationship and perhaps to increase the offering and have a tighter relationship between Walgreens and Express Scripts?
Stefano Pessina: We have been very clear that we can see the partnership as one above the most important value that we have and we want to put these in practice. So, we will try to create partnership with as many players as possible and of course I see the opportunity to have a great relationship with Express Scripts. I dont see an impediment. After you have to do what is possible if there are certain relationships which could be good on the paper, but difficult to achieve because after you have to interact with other players, the manufactures, they also have company, may be certain partnerships cannot be achieved, practically achieved, but everything that can be achieved and everything that can be in the interest of the two parties has to be explored and if possible has to be done. So, for sure I see the possibility of having very, very, very good relationship with Express Scripts.
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
George Hill: Yes, good morning guys and thanks for taken the question and this one is either for George or may be Alex. I guess as we think about the moving pieces that drove the improvement in retail pharmacy gross margins in the quarter, Im just trying to get a sense for understanding the severity between the generic drug price deflation and the changes in reimbursement rates that impacted at the start of the year and I guess was it a big positive from the changes in drug pricing and a big negative from reimbursement or should we think of a small positive from the changes in drug pricing and a small negative from reimbursement changes, I just want to understand severity of the mix?
Alex Gourlay: Yes and again the first thing I would say is, it is Alex here, [indiscernible] accent, it is Alex here, the impact happened definitely in each quarter. To be honest I wouldnt look at any quarter in isolation, as George I think has said, weve only had two of the three months this quarter actually have the Med D impact. So, I think is able to look for one quarter in isolation and what I would also say is that we are constantly working hard at procurement not just because deflation, as Stefano said because of the good capability we harbored in Europe. And therefore we are working hard to try to deliver more synergies. The cost space also that they would working on its balance  but all of that is a balanced out by the ongoing reimbursement pressure beyond simply the Med D contracts. There are commerce reimbursement pressures and when the impact is we'll let you know, but they are definitely there and also we are working them hard as well. So, I was say on balance the opening margin in this quarter were slightly more positive because of the impacts of when some things hit the overall trend is really the same trend that is seen and may be seeing for some times and with management trend.
George Hill: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Caldwell with Robert W. Baird. You may begin.
Eric Caldwell: Thanks. I have just a couple here, first going back to Optum quickly without going into contract specific details, could you explain in more detail how the economics of a deal like this might work in terms of revenue and profit to Walgreens and will you be booking full Scripts revenue on 90  day fills just a service fee, some combination of both and realizing this might be overly meaningful to revenue for some time, would a deal like this generally be seen as margin accretive or margin dilutive to the Retail Pharmacy segment.
George Fairweather: Hi a load of detail questions there Eric and so I cant answer anything as part of the contract. What I can say is our objective is to get more prescriptions into our pharmacies not lowers our overall operating margin by making better use of our fixed assets. That's a really important component in this particular program. It also allows us to take better care of Optum members when in the pharmacy particularly making sure they are taking their medication properly and making sure that as they are as in chronic conditions that they get direct to back into a probably health system a bit more fast as well as saving costs elsewhere. Thats really into this program. We are comfortable with the deal that were  is a fair deal both ways and we had a great conversation that went through with the team from Optum and we are in good shape. Obviously the certain assumption is gone in from both sides and we will wait and see what happens over the length of the contract. Remember this does not really start until January 17, so it will be some time before any impact of this new contract is seen in our P&L.
Eric Caldwell: Okay, thats fair. If I could just do a quick follow up on Bob Jones question, Im not sure if I caught it, but did you specifically quantify the year-over-year revenue impact from generic shifting from inflationary to deflationary?
George Fairweather: No, we didnt and we cant.
Eric Caldwell: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Larsen with Leerink Partners. You may begin.
David Larsen: Hi, congratulations on a good quarter. I just want to talk a little bit more about the USA retail gross margin. It looks like the first year-over-year expansion in a couple of quarters so, congrats there. I mean with your Part D rates and those Part D contracts do they all now have price protection built into them, so we have generic inflation comes back you have protection on the reimbursement side?
George Fairweather: Again David, I cant be specific, but what we can say is, weve been working hard to put that in so, the majority do have some price protection yes.
David Larsen: Okay, and then in terms of the gross margin expansion that we did see, I mean was it due to generic deflation like George was asking earlier for the most part?
George Fairweather: It was a combination and that was part of it. I think also as we said before, we still got another month of the real impact of Med D to come. Were not fully protected on deflation. We are mainly protected not fully protected and finally we are making good progress on the front end, you saw that front end margin improved in the quarter as well despite a slight change in mix.
David Larsen: Okay and then just last one, it looks like for the wholesale piece of the business, there was a sequential decline in operating income and revenue was slightly below our model, what drove that and can you remind me what impact FX had on the quarter? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: [Indiscernible] that you have to take into account the fact that most of it is - almost all of it is in UK, in Europe, in other countries whether the currencies has played big role in and the mix of the different currencies. So its difficult really to judge what is happening and after you have also to appreciate that in the last year, we have divested some more businesses which are irrelevant of course, but of course represented some fees because we have tried to streamline and we are still trying to streamline our business more generally, not just our selling business eliminating all those businesses which are not profitable or which are requiring a big attention, a big absorption of energies. Now we have a big program, we have big opportunities to create value and each time to and we have started this last year to lets say start to sell all those small businesses which are not adding much, but can reduce the overall efficiency of the company of the group. I could say that independently on the number, if you look at as we do of course they countries specifically overall most of the countries are doing quite well, even well. Surprisingly a country like Turkey and Egypt are doing very well. Romania and other countries are suffering, particularly France I would say and particularly Russia and also Germany is not particularly brilliant. So its a mix and a combination of these portfolios with the combination of the different currency because we dont have just the Pound Sterling and the Euro, but we have the Turkish Lira, we have the ruble, we have many other currencies, the combination of these two things that can give strange effect. But overall, you see that the results are not bad, the margin is still there and which is important of course in interfering business.
David Larsen: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim Securities. You may begin.
John Heinbockel: I certainly have a strategic question and one is more tactical, when you look at the partnership with Optum and maybe other PBM partnerships, how does that, how do you think that fits in with your potential ownership of Envision, is Envision too small to matter or do you think, are you committed assuming Rite Aid goes through committed to owning Envision or maybe you divest that, how would that work with the partnerships?
Stefano Pessina: First of all we will decide to do with them Envision one, so we will have completed the deal. With Rite Aid we cannot anticipate what we will do on something that is not here today. Secondly, even if we decide to develop it, I dont see any difficulty because of course, we would not be a major competitor on the market and so we could find a niche, where we could collaborate and we could have a big collaboration as pharmacy, pharmacy chain and maybe some niche or more limited collaboration on the PBM business. So its not, we cannot be considered a true competitor, a competitor at the point that we cannot collaborate in the most important element of the business, which is to allow the PBM to give to us a very good service to the customers.
John Heinbockel: And then more tactically, I mean a lot of the improvement in gross this quarter in the U.S. look to be front end, you know maybe for Alex, if you think about and I know youre probably more focused on driving top line than margin per se, but if you think about where the Walgreens frontend margin is today, maybe benchmarking that against Boots or others, do you think there is a significant amount of frontend margin opportunity left from mix and maybe promotional cadence or not so much from where we are right now?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, yes, I still think there is a lot to go, it will just take us a number of years to get there. So the focus has been on operating margins. So were really focusing on removing unprofitable activity, unprofitable items and try to simplify the offer and focusing on the key destination countries for us which really is primarily help beauty and convenience and we feel good the way we are, but those are, long opportunity ahead of us and our opportunity is to get customers to reevaluate the offer inside of Walgreens and to see it is more unique and more differentiated. And we started that journey really with a few differentiation projects, we spoke about earlier in the call, earlier on this [indiscernible]. So I think the opportunity is still a lot to come, particularly on the expansion of differentiation and higher margin products. It will just take us longer to get that done as customers one by one reevaluate what theyre seeing inside of Walgreens. I think finally I will say is that we've had a one size fits all approach to Walgreens frontend for quite some time and as we have all been thinking on omni channel in four months, again we believe there will be more opportunity there in two years, but the first thing I think people should reevaluate their current Walgreens which is almost right now and then we will figure out how do we use this space differently in over the medium to long-term.
John Heinbockel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. You may begin.
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. From a pharmacy margin environment you talked a couple of quarters ago about some of the challenges and ongoing challenges, I'm just curious as you reposition the company to some degree with some of these relationships if you feel on more stable footing about the future of pharmacy margins in the U.S. or give a different view of how that is going to play out?
Alex Gourlay: No, I think that, again this is Alex here, I think we've said this already, but it is an important point. We see the volume mix are very important for both our partners and peers, customers and also for ourselves. So we will work within the market, which means that we believe will be ongoing reimbursement pressure and then we work hard within that to drive our volumes through offering better volume, better care to customers. That really is our strategy. I know it sounds very simplistic, what we are trying to do. If we do these things we think we can stabilize the operating margin over time and we can grow the business. That is what we are doing right now and we believe that is the future going forward. So that's how we see it. But we accept and as I said is I think Stefano said this obviously Eastern Europe, reimbursement pressure is a constant factor and we believe this it will be a constant factor here in America going forward and our strategy is as I described it.
Eric Bosshard: Within that it sounds like the strategy is therefore more volume in order to leverage the expenses and that ought to stable or beneficial operating margin, Rite Aid is a piece of that, Optum is a piece of that is, am I correct in the perception that that is the strategy is more volume and therefore are there more alliances that you will evaluate or pursue to drive more volume through the business?
Stefano Pessina: It is part of the strategy. You see when you have to accept that the margin or the gross margin ineluctably decline will decline over time, you have to find ways to compensate the void. So additional services like Valeant can help better, a better organization of the work not just synergies but a different structure of the work, a rethinking of the organization of the flow of the medicine, of the flow of the work, the use of the pharmacies can help. Are there an increase, better relationship with your suppliers can help of course because it contributes to the margin a better relationship with the clients, with the PBM with all the people who are at the end of the day the source for the script. And clear the way of collaborating with them can help because it can increase the number of scripts and of course the volume is very, very important, because if you can compensate at least partially the volume, by the volume the actually margin of course these can help substantially. So there are many, many different actions that you can take and we are taking. And these actions can stabilize the results, the final results as Alex was saying for years and years to come and in 10 years time or whatever we will have probably another organization of the business and we will see what will happen at that time. And for the next year we see enough ways to compensate the margin reduction. We accept that the margin reduction will be there and we are trying to find and we are finding different ways to compensate for it.
Eric Bosshard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Charles Rhyee with Cowen. You may begin.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, thanks for squeezing me in here. Just actually, just one of the random question I guess may be, I think there is a vote coming up in the UK regarding I think the European Union, I guess they refer to it as the Brexit, if that referendum were to actually happen, how would that affect the Boots business here and I guess Walgreens in general? Thanks.
Stefano Pessina: To be honest, I dont believe that it will be impacted directly because there in the retail business is a let's say a local business and the brand business, well even now, we don't manufacture drugs in UK so there and we will find a way to continue to manufacture at the lowest possible cost, so the brand will not be impacted. The retail business is local so it will not be impacted. It could be impacted by a change of the whole economy if we had recession or if we had difficult consequences from the Brexit this could impact more generally our business as all the other businesses. And the same is too for Europe because our business is in Europe, again our local businesses, our retail and wholesale businesses, our local businesses depend more on the consumption of the medicines of the products that are on the political and economical situation. So they could be just impacted by a general trend, but not specifically. We have totaled it and we dont - we have decided that we dont need an emergency plan for it. When there are big changes we try to think at least potentially of an emergency plan, but in this case we dont see the need for it.
Charles Rhyee: Great, thank you.
Stefano Pessina: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you and now I would like to turn the call back over to Gerald Gradwell for closing remarks.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking to you again on our next earnings call at the beginning of July and in the meantime I will try and find something that keeps definitely more entertained with these comments. So then, if you need, if you have any other queries or need to speak to us, the IR team here, myself, Ashish, Debra [ph] and Jay [ph] are around and available to answer your calls. And with that, we'll draw the call to a close. Thank you very indeed for joining us tonight.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP of Investor Relations and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - EVP and CEO George Fairweather - EVP and Global CFO Alex Gourlay - EVP and President
Analysts: Mark Wiltamuth - Jefferies Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs George Hill - Deutsche Bank Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley David Larsen - Leerink John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc., first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder to our audience, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the floor over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Sir, you have the floor.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our fiscal 2016 first-quarter earnings call. Today, Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our results in greater detail. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Alex Gourlay, Executive Vice President of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and a webcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and other filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to the appendix of the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. Please note that we've streamlined aspects of the presentation used in reporting our results this quarter. Much of the underlying detail remains available in the appendix, and you should refer to the appendix for that additional information. With that I will hand the call over to Stefano for some opening comments.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first-quarter 2016 earnings call. I am pleased to report that today I started with a comparatively strong first quarter, as we expected. Our ongoing work to control costs across the Company and improve adjusted operating income margin is growing earnings overall, with adjusted diluted net earnings per share attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance up 32.1% compared with the year-ago period to $1.03. Although it is early days, we are on track to deliver against our expectations. In addition to the encouraging organic results from all three of our divisions, we continue to work hard to develop the Company. We have taken a significant step forward with our proposed agreement to acquire Rite Aid, and we remain focused on building new partnerships. In December, after the quarter end, we announced the fulfilment agreement with Valeant which, we believe, will enable consumers to conveniently access the Valeant's product at lower cost. I will come back to this later, but now will hand over to George to talk us through the financial performance for the quarter.
George Fairweather: Thank you, Stefano. Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon to those listening in Europe. Starting with the first-quarter highlights, net sales were $29 billion, up 48.5% on the same quarter a year ago, largely due to the inclusion of Alliance Boots. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $1.5 billion. Net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.1 billion and diluted EPS was $1.01. On an adjusted basis, operating income was $1.7 billion up 53.8%. Net earnings achievable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.1 billion, up 51.1%, and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.03, up 32.1%. These results are, of course, not directly comparable with first-quarter of fiscal 2015 due to the Alliance Boots transaction in December 2014 and the resulting changes in segmental reporting. Key factors driving our performance versus the same quarter last year were the Alliance Boots transaction and growth in the Retail Pharmacy USA division. Total Retail Pharmacy USA sales were $20.4 billion, an increase of 4.2% over the same quarter a year ago. Sales on a comparable-store basis increased by 5.8%, driven by strong pharmacy volume and mix. Total sales growth was lower than comparable-store sales primarily due to the sale of our infusion business and store closures during the past year. Adjusted gross margin at 27% was 30 basis points lower, primarily due to ongoing pharmacy margin pressure. This resulted in $5.5 billion of adjusted gross profit, up 2.7%. Adjusted SG&A was $4.2 billion, a decrease of 2.1%. This reflects the meaningful progress made in our cost-savings program while maintaining our customer experience. The division's adjusted operating income was $1.2 billion, up 11.2%, giving an adjusted operating margin of 6.1%, up 40 basis points. Excluding Walgreens' share of equity earnings in Alliance Boots in the year-ago quarter, adjusted operating income for the division grew by 22.9%. Turning now to look in more detail at pharmacy, pharmacy sales were up 6.7% for the quarter. 231 million prescriptions were filled on a 30-day basis, including immunizations, an increase of 4.1%. On a comparable-store basis, pharmacy sales increased 9.3%, with comparable scripts build up 4.7%. Overall, we are pleased with our top-line growth, especially given the weak start to the cough-cold-flu season this year. According to IMS Health, the reported incidence of flu across the USA declined by 10.7% compared with the year-ago quarter. Our increase in comparable-store scripts was driven by our Medicare Part D growth strategy, where we grew market share, and a greater focus on customer care. This resulted in our refill prescription market share on a 30-day adjusted basis increasing by approximately 20 basis points over the year-ago quarter to 19.2%, as reported by IMS Health. Consistent with our expectations, we experienced pressure on pharmacy gross margins. These were negatively impacted by lower third-party reimbursements, an increase in Medicare Part D mix, our continuing strategy of driving 90-day prescriptions at retail, and the mix of specialty drugs, which carry a lower margin percentage. This was partially offset by additional brand-to-generic drug conversions. Although we continue to anticipate gross margin pressure, we remain confident in our ability to grow the pharmacy part of our business over time. Our strategy to deliver this is to drive access to critical programs, such as Med Part D, through building deeper payer relationships and through developing innovative partnerships, such as our recently announced agreement with Valeant. Since the quarter end in December, our pharmacy sales were impacted by the continuing weakness in the cough-cold-flu season. Retail sales decreased by 90 basis points over the first quarter of fiscal 2015, with sales in comparable stores down 60 basis points. This was primarily due to a reduction in unprofitable promotions as we increasingly focus on our key health and beauty categories. Additionally, as part of our strategy, we transitioned seasonal items away from holiday decorations, which were historically sold on Black Friday and in the November run-up to Christmas, with higher-quality giftable items that sell throughout the holiday season. This led to an anticipated fall in sales in the quarter. While gross margin was essentially flat, overall retail profitability increased due to the lower costs. Since the quarter end, December comparable retail sales were relatively flat with positive results from our strategic shift to health and beauty, wellness, and seasonal categories offset by the weak cough-cold flu season. We believe that our fundamental shift towards health and beauty is resonating with our customers and is an important point of differentiation. Having conducted pilots in over 400 stores, we're excited for the positive results we have seen, particularly for No7 and Soap & Glory. As previously indicated, we are expanding our differentiated beauty offering to approximately 2,000 stores with the rollout planned to begin in summer 2016. Turning now to our Retail Pharmacy International division, which is pharmacy-led health and beauty retail businesses in eight countries, the biggest business being Boots in the UK. Total Retail Pharmacy International sales for the quarter were $3.5 billion, pro forma constant currency comparable-store sales being up by 2.2%. Adjusted gross profit was $1.5 billion, with an adjusted gross profit margin of 42.6%. Adjusted SG&A was $1.2 billion, the division's depreciation charge marginally benefiting from purchase price accounting refinements in the quarter. Adjusted operating income was $315 million, the adjusted operating margin of 8.9% being higher than in the seasonally weaker fourth quarter, as we expected. On a pro forma constant-currency basis, comparable pharmacy sales for the division were up 3.8%. Comparable retail sales up 1.3%. Boots UK's comparable pharmacy sales increased by 3.5% mainly as a result of additional high-value drugs dispensed in its hospital pharmacies, higher average volume, higher average item value, and growth in pharmacy services such as flu vaccinations. Comparable retail sales growth at Boots UK was 80 basis points, growth coming mainly from Boots.com, albeit at a lower rate than in previous quarters as in August Boots anniversaried its improved order online, collect in store offer. Cosmetics were the best performing retail category in the UK, led by a strong performance in premium, No7, and Liz Earle, which we acquired in July. In November, we added another exciting brand to our portfolio, Sleek MakeUP, which has a young and ethnically diverse customer base. Sleek is currently sold in over 100 Boots stores [technical difficulty] doing with Liz Earle. Outside the UK we delivered particularly good comparable sales growth in Mexico and in the Republic of Ireland. Benavides in Mexico, while currently a lower operating margin business than Boots, is a key priority for expansion, and we're working hard to find innovative ways to accelerate our store opening program. Since the quarter end, December performance has been encouraging. Boots UK's retail sales growth was higher than in the first quarter due to a strong online performance. Sales of our exclusive range of seasonal gifts were particularly good. Turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, overall, the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division performed in line with our expectations during the quarter. Total sales were $5.8 billion. On a pro forma constant--currency basis excluding acquisitions and disposals, comparable sales increased by 3.1% over the same quarter in 2015. This was slightly ahead of our estimated market growth, weighted on the basis of our country wholesale sales. As in the prior quarter, sales growth was particularly strong in Norway; and we continued to see good growth in Germany and Turkey, two of our largest markets. Adjusted operating income was $166 million in the quarter, and the adjusted operating income margin was 2.9%. Combined net synergies in the quarter from the Alliance Boots program were $288 million, so we are very much on track to deliver our goal of reaching at least $1 billion in fiscal 2016. As I said on the year-end call, we continue to identify and action many other synergies which are simply not practical to quantify, as they blend into our core operations. At the same time, we're continuing to make good progress to deliver our $1.5 billion cost-savings program and remain on track to achieve this target by the end of fiscal 2017. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $732 million, reflecting our typical seasonal build in inventories. As I said on the last call, we continue to seek ways to deliver further working capital efficiencies, particularly in the US. Capital expenditure in the quarter totaled $340 million, which was just below the amount spent in the fourth quarter of last year. This reflects our drive, which I again talked about on our last call, to invest in key areas that develop our customer proposition, including information technology. Free cash flow for the quarter, therefore, netted to $392 million. Since our Rite Aid announcement, we've made good progress with the funding. In December, we completed the placement of $5 billion term loan facilities and the syndication of a new $7.8 billion bridge facility. These new facilities replace our previously reported $12.8 billion bridge facility commitment. Drawings are, of course, subject to closing of the acquisition. Let me now conclude with some comments on guidance for fiscal 2016. As you will have seen in this morning's press release, we've raised the lower end of our fiscal 2016 guidance by $0.05 per share to a range of $4.30 to $4.55. This continues to assume no material accretion from the agreement to acquire Rite Aid, the previously announced suspension of the balance of the $3 billion share buyback program, continuation of our normal anti-dilutive buyback program relating to stock incentives, and no significant changes in currency exchange rates. Please remember that we have currency translational exposure based primarily on movements in the pound sterling versus the dollar. Not only does this impact our adjusted operating income and EPS, but it can also cause quarterly volatility in the sales gross margin and SG&A item lines.  The guidance I have just provided reflects current currency rates and so factors in a headwind of around $0.03 since we provided our initial fiscal year 16 guidance back in October. So I'll now hand you back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. The company has performed well overall in the first quarter, and I want to come back to that in a moment. I would like first to update you on a few of the things that we have been working on in the quarter and [themes digital] that has not had a direct impact on the quarterly performance and the review. As you have heard, we are not assuming our proposed acquisition of Rite Aid will provide any material accretion for the 2016. But I would reiterate that this transaction is progressing as we expected and planned. We continue to anticipate completing the acquisition in the second half of calendar year 2016. The transaction remains subject to approval by Rite Aid's shareholders, regulatory clearances, and other customary closing conditions. Rite Aid has issued their proxy and their stakeholders meeting to approve the transaction is scheduled for 4th of February. We are continuing to work closely with the regulators. You will have seen, as we expected, that we have received a second request from the FTC for additional information. This is a standard part of the regulatory process in connection with the FTC's review. Shortly after the announcement of the proposed acquisition, we appointed a highly experienced integration team which has been up and running since the end of November. They are now well underway on preliminary planning work. In December, we also announced our agreement with Valeant Pharmaceuticals. This agreement, though new to the U.S. market, has some similarities to the way we work with a number of pharmaceutical companies in Europe. It is a very good example of how we can transfer existing experience and understanding from one market and direct it to another. The two main parts of the agreements combine to provide Valeant with the opportunity to serve a far wider patient base at a significantly lower cost, and the potential to both grow their business and improve convenience and service levels at an overall saving to the healthcare system.  From our point of view, we have the potential to offer patients the medications they want and they have been prescribed with a high standard for counseling and therapy in a method that makes good use of our infrastructure and professional capabilities. So as we look at our business today and what we have seen happen in our dynamic and changing markets, it [serves] a number of global themes that I have believed to be inevitable for some time.  In healthcare, we are continuing to see increasing demand on the existing system for both preventative and therapeutic treatment. This is only compounded by inflationary pressure of new, innovative, and correspondingly high cost [product equity]. In [desire] to mitigate this pressure and provide more and better care at lower cost, our pharmacy stands out as being one of the most convenient, flexible, and lowest cost means of meeting the challenges which the system faces.  Our agreement with Valeant demonstrates how we can use our pharmacy network to improve access and service level while reducing costs in the healthcare system. As we have seen in Europe and elsewhere, we believe that when we work in close alignment and true partnership with Valeant in the sector, we can achieve immense benefit, both in service level, therapeutic care, cost savings, and of course in financial reward for both our partner and ourselves. This is why I want the partnership to become a characteristic by which our company will be known, as good partnerships deliver real value. As you know, our pharmacy services operate in close alignment with our retail division. In retail, we are at the beginning of a journey, to focus on our customers' true needs and to differentiate our Retail offering. We have seen the real changes taking effect. And supported by good operational disciplines, these will deliver growth for the future. Like all other retailers, we have also seen an acceleration in the US in customers moving towards omnichannel retail, with online shopping working in parallel and integrated with the physical store. This is a trend we have seen in many of our markets, most particularly in the UK, where we have adapted our model to embrace this trend. We must now decide how to deploy our success and experience to maximize the opportunities which this trend presents worldwide. Today, we have delivered what I believe to be a strong performance for the business in a process of transformation. Looking forward, there is no doubt that we still have a lot of work to do within our core businesses to optimize them for their existing markets, to introduce new products, services and ways of working, and to further enhance our spending with our customers. These are fundamental drivers that I believe will help us to deliver the long-term earnings growth that we are confident to achieve. As a company, we continue to look at new areas of business to add to our portfolio; we continue to find opportunities complementary to our core operations professionally, commercially, and geographically, that will help us grow the business and enhance its financial performance. Ultimately, our success relies on the quality and commitment of our people globally. Their experience, expertise, and drive will improve our business every day. The commitment I see from our team gives me great confidence that we will deliver what we have seen for fiscal 2015 and beyond. Now let's open up for questions. Gerald?
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Brian, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Wiltamuth with Jefferies, your line is now open, please go ahead.
Mark Wiltamuth: Hi, good morning. I wanted to dig a little bit on the Boots side of the business. You have a shift in strategy there where you're focusing more on top-line growth rather than margin. Wanted to see: what's the progress there on the margins at Boots? And then I wanted to ask a little bit about what you think about the opportunity to turn around Rite Aid longer term.
Stefano Pessina: Well, first of all, we have not shifted our strategy. We are pursuing both sales and margin. Of course, you don't have to judge on a single quarter. We have a program which has been designed over many years, and we are managing the Company in the long term. Whilst we try to be as good as possible each single quarter, but this is not our ultimate aim. Our ultimate aim is to transform this Company. So from time to time, we will see the prevalence of the sales or the prevalence of the margin. And maybe you, Alex, can respond to this.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, thanks, Stefano. Yes, obviously, I know Boots very well from the past, and I think that where we are in Boots is a pretty good space. I think as Stefano has indicated, Boots is really well established in the UK, an enormously loyal customer base, which I [find] the team they are successfully growing. So for the first time in many years they're starting to grow this forward and grow customer base in Boots UK using an omnichannel strategy. So the same great products, the same great positioned stores, the same great people who [technical difficulty] for many years. But now we're expanding and using the new technologies customers are engaging with both here in the US and also globally, but particularly in the UK, I think George has said already. In terms of Rite Aid, we're feeling pretty good about Rite Aid. They announced their results [technical difficulty] to me. We know there's five years and things they've done also in their front end in growing sales that we can learn from as well. As always, the idea here is to put the Companies together in a way that allows us to really get the best practice from both Companies here in the USA, while importing some of the best ideas from other markets.
Mark Wiltamuth: Do you think you'll have to put a lot of capital into the stores to drive the turnaround in the Rite Aid base?
Alex Gourlay: Again, we are really in the early stages. We know this space very well. Our team in Walgreens obviously knows the Rite Aid space extremely well, and we don't think this is a big problem. They have had a good investment program in about 2,000 of their stores already, over 2,000. And we believe that with appropriate investment and importantly, as George said, appropriate returns we can get the right sales and margin mix in Rite Aid over time.
Stefano Pessina: But what is important -- Stefano again -- what is important to understand is that we couldn't have a better time for this deal. Because in reality we are already investing a lot of capital to transform Walgreens, from the stores in Walgreens. And so at the end, this will be just an extension integration Rite Aid will be just an extension of the work that we are doing at Walgreens. If we had done this in three years' time, probably we would have had to start from scratch. Now, we will just continue in the work that we have to do in any case.
Mark Wiltamuth: Stefano, now that you've done this big horizontal acquisition, do you think there's a possibility of going vertical with your acquisitions moving forward and maybe contemplating a PBM transaction?
Stefano Pessina: Yes, you know what I think. I couldn't have been clearer since the very beginning. I have seen this market and I am really convinced that vertical integration is a necessity for the market, [by] market. It is part of what we have to do to reduce -- to control the costs in the healthcare arena. Any kind of vertical integration is good. It depends on the opportunities that we will have. It depends on the availability of partners. And also there are many ways to have a multiple -- a vertical integration. You can have a merger, which of course is the perfect way. But you can also have a commercial agreement, a very strong commercial agreement, and very strong partnerships. And as we have said many times, we are always open even for a partnership.
Mark Wiltamuth: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Lisa Gill: Great, thanks very much and good morning. So Stefano, can I just follow up on what you just said around a strong commercial agreement or a partnership as it pertains to a PBM? Is that something that we should expect to see Walgreens announce with one or maybe more than one PBM, as we think about putting together partnerships, in your word over the next 12 to 18 months, how do we think about putting this into context and your overall thought on strategy?
Stefano Pessina: I would like to give you an answer because this will mean that I would have a clear idea and a clear target for the next period. Unfortunately, you have to realize that we have just done a deal; we have to digest the deal that we have done. We have to look around. And at the right time, when we will be prepared, we will tell you which kind of deal and when we can execute the deal. But we have done two big deals in less than one year give us the time to organize ourselves. [Not that we dont say about the time], let's be clear, it's a problem that we are very rarely speaking, we know what we can do, what we can digest, what we can afford. And so at the right time we will come back to you.
Lisa Gill: Okay. Then secondly, when you talk about the Valeant deal, you talked about the fact that you view this as a first stepping stone and maybe some other opportunities in the market. So I guess I have to questions there. The first would be, do you have specific manufacturers you're discussing opportunities with today? And then the second part is for George. Is there any contribution in the updated guidance from the new Valeant relationship?
Stefano Pessina: Well, the first part of the question I can tell you that we are -- again, we have just done this deal. We have to execute properly this deal. We have to show that we are absolutely able to manage this kind of relationship, as we have demonstrated many, many times in Europe and after we will think about a potential deal if we will find other partners.
Lisa Gill: Any financial contribution?
George Fairweather: Yes, on guidance, obviously guidance includes everything for this fiscal year. I just would point out, obviously, that we are only shortly going to commence and start to roll out the Valeant program. And of course as ever when you bring in new programs, there's various startup costs that have to be incurred when you go down a new route. So, yes. Yes, yes, it's included; recognize that we're half way, pretty well halfway through the year, and this will be ramped up really starting relatively shortly, but will take some time to ramp up.
Lisa Gill: Thank you for the comments, and I look forward to seeing you next week.
George Fairweather: Look forward to seeing you too, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. So on the cost side in the U.S. business, it looked like versus what we saw on the fourth quarter you made some great progress. I think there you had maybe had some upfront costs at the end of the year. Can you just help us understand in terms of the progression? It's pretty obvious on the synergy side how well you're doing. But on the larger plan, the 1.5 billion plan, what are some of the examples of projects where we see more of the upfront savings? And then how do we think about some of the longer dated projects that will deliver maybe some value there over the next, I don't know, 18 or 24 months?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi, it's Alex here. Hi, Ross. Yes, some of the examples which are maybe more the operational examples, we've spoken about these before. Obviously we've confirmed the [turn] of stores and we're well over halfway through that program, and that's going fairly well. We have reduced some opening [areas] as appropriate to make sure that we're able to give better care when more customers are actually in our stores. We've swapped our photo labs for dry photo labs using digital technology; and obviously that's been a great success on the cost side but also important in the growth side as well. So these are some of the structural changes that we've been doing so far. But there is some nice work I think in centralizing a lot of pharmacy operations which allows our pharmacists to give more attention and care to customers at the counter, while reducing cost substantially in the cost to fill. And all of these are programs that we continue to run into the future. We're not short of ideas. We have a very strong operational and IT team here, and we're working on all the things we can do to reduce workload throughout the Company but particularly our stores, so we can take better care of our customers. And we've got a lot more to go at, both in the plan and other ideas that we will develop over the next period. So we believe these are sustainable changes. We believe, importantly, the customer care numbers that we measure internally are going up as well. So removing work, taking better care of customers, taking back costs out, and starting now to reinvest back in the costs that are most important to the customers: have more people in our shops to serve them, as appropriate; and obviously getting the value proposition right as well for customers both in pharmacy and also in the front end. So that's where we're on the cost program: bang on track, and more to come, and developing opportunities for the future.
Ross Muken: Maybe getting back to the broader based question on vertical integration, I think as, Stefano, you said, merger is always preferred; and that makes sense, because then you have control. On the other side, going on Lisa's question with maybe agreement or partnership or something of the sort, what do you need to have accomplished in something like that? And what are the challenges in making sure the economic benefit to the two sides are equivalent, and that both parties are working for the good of each other and the customer? What are maybe conceptually the things that you need to get out of it? And then I stated some of the obvious challenges, but what are some of the others in terms of not having necessarily control over the whole relationship and only hoping that your partner, whomever that may be, participates in the same way? Obviously you got there on Valeant and you've done it before; so I would just love some broader context.
Stefano Pessina: First of all, let me say that I have never, ever spoken about control. What we want is to do something which creates value -- long-term, sustainable value. We have never spoken about control. We have done many, many deals where at the end we have lost the control, and it's by chance that many of our mergers have come back. And this was not the design. It was just the force of things. When you merge a company, when you merge two companies, you have one company; and of course, all the people of the previous two companies are members of the new company. You have just to try to select the best people for the best hope. And the people can come from everywhere. So we have never, ever -- I can tell you, I can assure you, never, ever done a deal with the idea of controlling the resulting company, first of all. Secondly -- so we are open to any merger; we are open to a merger where we could have the control, a merger where we could cede the control, a merger of equals. We would be open to everything which would create, I repeat, substantial and sustainable value immediately and in the future for the Company. This is for the merger. For the commercial partnership, of course, you can imagine many, many different kinds of commercial partnership. Valeant is a really good example, but there are other kind of partnerships that you can do on the cost side, on the margin side, creating synergies that you can share. And there is not a model. Every time you have to discuss and you have to see what is the best way to create value and how to share the value. But if you approach these discussions with an open mind, maybe sometimes it's possible to find a solution. Alex, you have seen many of these joint ventures, commercial joint ventures in the past, so you can say something maybe.
Alex Gourlay: [inaudible] I think that thing that's important here is to create the win-win. For example, in Valeant what we see is the opportunity to really take friction out for customers and patients and doctors and pharmacists so they can spend more time with patients, and therefore patients win. So the whole idea behind Valeant as I think Stefano said in the introduction really is about taking friction and cost out of the interactions between healthcare professionals and giving more time to customers. We're becoming more of a services company. We've been faced with things which have to do with the job of pharmacists, which is providing actually dispensing and making sure people understand their drugs properly. And that is great for pharmacists and great for profession.  And we've committed, as they, as we all have committed to over time ensuring that we independently monitor, that we deliver more costs in the system as a result of working differently together. That's an example we're developing in the U.S., and we will take our time to get this right and make sure that we implement in a way that is appropriate for the systems that we work in America. There's lots of examples in Europe I wish we could go into as well, in terms of not just retail locally in a way that creates win-wins and ensures we deliver better care at lower costs. And that's really what the partnership strategy is all about.
Ross Muken: That's super helpful on my end, and I as well look forward to seeing you guys next week. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Thanks so much. I actually had a PBM question as well. I know you guys don't provide specific timelines for the large PBM contracts; but based on previous public announcements, it would seem that you're about three to four years into the contract with the three largest PBMs. So I'm just curious. Is there anything you can share as far as how we should be thinking about timelines for renewals, and maybe directionally how you feel reimbursement might match up relative to historical reimbursement rates?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. Hi, Robert. Again, we don't discuss these contracts openly, so I can't comment on the timelines. What I can comment on is that our strategy is to improve access, access to customers and access by having good partnerships, as we said before, with everyone in the marketplace. And I think, as we probably said, we are working hard with all of the major partners to improve access and also to drive the business forward. You look at the performance of Part Med D and you see again it's been a successful strategy. We are well set up again for this season. These are annual contracts in the main. They are becoming more sophisticated, as we also know, being paid of course on services within these contracts. And again we're determined to give better value, better care within these contracts. And we're starting to gently but progressively improve relationships and grow share. As George has said we grew share again in the quarter, which we're pleased with; but we know we have a lot more to do. So that's where we are. So we are feeling more confident in relationships with the PBMs. We are feeling more confident as we give better value to the market in terms of both price and quality of care. We get a better return. And we'll continue to develop our strategy over the months ahead.
Robert Jones: That's great. I guess just maybe go outside the U.S. for my follow-up, really solid performance in the Retail International segment both from a sales and EBIT perspective. But if I look at the constant currency, same-store sales growth there was about 2.2%, a kind of a step down from what you've seen the last several quarters. And then on the flip side, the EBIT margin came in much higher than we've seen, significantly higher than what we've seen in the last three quarters. Could you maybe just help us walk through some of the dynamics at play in the retail international business? What's driving, outside of same-store sales growth, the strong sales performance? And then on the margin, what's contributing to that upside, and how sustainable could that level be as we look across the next three quarters of fiscal 2016?
George Fairweather: Okay, I'll try and have a go at this. There is always an element of mix. But I think that one of the factors that I tried to draw in is obviously we're continuing in -- the biggest business is Boots in the UK, it's the biggest business in the division. They're continuing to perform well. As I said, we had -- in looking at the sales where omni-channel is and Boots.com in particular is a very important part of our growth strategy. We did in the summer anniversary just at the beginning of August our much faster online collect-in-store offer, so we've seen the impact of the growth of that coming through; then the anniversary; then we brought in some new development. So we saw this improvement coming then back up again into the December numbers, which together with the strong gifting meant that we've had a good Christmas in what's been a particularly competitive environment.  So in those businesses, it's really about having a differentiated front-of-store offer and then increasingly supported by omni-channel. Of course, in Boots in the UK we're able to piggyback on the Alliance Healthcare distribution system to do that.  So if you look at Boots' performance, certainly it's still early days, we're just starting to see some of the figures from our competitors on the [High Street]; but I think what's coming through pretty clear is that Boots is continuing to be a real winner there. In terms of the margin, really two points. One, there is always a seasonal impact, given the importance of the retail part of our offerings in Retail Pharmacy International. Of course, we started to see the buildup in November, because it tends to be that people start their Christmas shopping a little bit earlier in Europe than would be the case here in the United States. So there is a seasonal element and then, as I said also in the presentation, we got a little bit of a benefit in this quarter from the finalizing of the -- we're working towards finalizing our purchase price adjustment to the fair values that you have to do on the acquisition of Alliance Boots. We got a little bit of benefit there which helped the margin in this quarter that we won't see when you come and look at the same first quarter in 12 months' time. The key factor is the seasonality. Of course as we look towards the second quarter where we've got the very important holiday trading, the December results and into early January, you'll also see the benefit of that coming through when we're on the next call.
Robert Jones: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much, our next question comes from George Hill of Deutsche Bank, your line is now open, please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning, guys, and I appreciate you taking the question. I guess this one is either for Alex or George. As we think about the Valeant deal, I guess can we talk about the economics of that deal, I'd say versus you guys and then using the regular wholesaling channel? Is this structure more economically attractive for you and for them, as we've heard a lot of the midsize manufacturers scream a bit about the fees that are paid to wholesalers? I'd appreciate any color.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, George. It's Alex here. Yes, again as I think we've said it's about taking friction and cost out of the system. For sure, we have an infrastructure here in the USA of the pharmacists; and of course in this deal importantly there will be independent pharmacies in this deal as well, because we wanted to make sure that we give customers proper access to the good products that Valeant has. And within that we have the ability, therefore, to distribute as well as fulfill the prescription, and that's what we intend to do in this occasion. But as Stefano said before, every single partnership we work with, at least on meds, we look at how do we create a win-win for our partner and what's important to them, and how do we use our infrastructure, our assets, in whatever country we operate in to make that so. So what we do here is we provide great care and a service model to our pharmacies, to our pharmacists, to the patients; and then we distribute these drugs at this occasion as a fulfillment. Each one will be different depending on the circumstances. And as Stefano said already, we will test this model properly to make sure that it is appropriate and does work in the US.
George Hill: Okay. Then maybe the quick follow-up would be just to get on Rite Aid. Given that you guys have gotten your second request, I guess anything in the conversations thus far that would indicate whether you guys have any changes on store divestiture expectations? Synergy expectations seem to still be intact. But I guess as it relates to divestitures, are you guys still thinking the number is less than 500?
Stefano Pessina: We don't have any reason to change our view. As I have said before, we're working with the relevant authorities in order to speed up the process if possible of course. For the time being, we cannot add any comment to what we have said. We are still confident that this will go through in the terms that we have anticipated.
George Hill: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley, your line is now open, please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Good morning and congrats on a very good quarter. A couple of questions here. The first one, if we think about the contract with Valeant, we can also think about it as a form of vertical partnership, right, that helps reduce cost by removing like the distributor from the equation. So when you think about tightening relationships between you and manufacturers and like bypassing the distributor, do you think that this is something that theoretically can be extended to other manufacturers, or these will be like one-offs?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. Yes, I think as George said before, many manufacturers are looking for more efficient ways to get to the market, to get their products to the customer and to the patient. So again, Valeant came with that request to us, and other manufacturers may or may not come with that request to us, and we'll look at each case individually. So for sure it's really the same answer, I apologize, as we gave to George. Which is, we have a great infrastructure in the USA; we have a very strong logistics operation in the USA; we have good expertise in wholesaling coming from [indiscernible] division across the rest of the globe, particularly in Europe. And we will always do our very best to take cost out of the system, to do a better job for customers, and do a great job for our partners. So we're opening to these opportunities, but we've got to make sure that this one actually works and does work in America. And we'll take it from there.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Then I'd say that the tone call is a lot more positive than your last conference call. So have you seen something in the marketplace or internally that makes you feel better now on the business trends than you were a few months ago?
Stefano Pessina: No, we were confident. We have been confident for all the time we have been here. If we had not been confident we wouldn't have done this deal. We have done this deal knowing that we were going through a period of, let's say, substantial work that we -- to really be able to exploit all the opportunities which were there, which are here, which will be here, we have to do a certain work. And this is what we are doing. So maybe it's possible that sometimes we are more or less good in our presentations, but this doesn't depend on our mood. It depends maybe on our physical condition, I don't know, but not on our mood. Our mood has always been positive, is still positive. And we still believe very strongly in what we're doing. If by any chance we changed our mind, we would feel obliged to tell you; but I can assure you we are as positive as we were one year ago.
George Fairweather: You can take from that, Ricky, that I found a reasonable coffee shop with good pastries this morning before the call.
Ricky Goldwasser: There's nothing like American coffee, right? Okay. Thank you very much.
George Fairweather: Thank you, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Larsen with Leerink. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Larsen: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you talk a bit about the adjusted gross margin in Retail USA? It looks pretty good to me, 27.0%, that's actually up a bit sequentially. The year-over-year compression of about 39 basis points, that shows some improvement in the rate of compression relative to the past couple quarters. So can you talk about the reimbursement that you're seeing in the Part D networks, also the commercial plans? And then, what impact is generic inflation having on those margins? Thanks.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, David. Hi, it's Alex here. I think that the first thing I would say, it really is as anticipated. So this is really as we expected. Generic inflation, going to the last part of the question first, is not material. So therefore, we are feeling pretty good about this, and this is factored into ongoing guidance going forward. The trends beyond that really are the same trends. We have ongoing reimbursement pressure as we work with the market to lower costs. They are more or less as we expected, and the trend continues in the same fashion. It's something we're used to in Europe, as we said before. I've worked in Europe for many, many years, and it's a trend that we expect to see, because as healthcare expands and government pays more and patients pay more then you've got to work to become more efficient within the market. And that's what we commit to doing. On the front end margins, we are pleased with the profitability as we continue to swap out old products. As George said in his introduction, we took out all of the order home decoration products, which primarily sell in November; and we are replacing these with more giftables. This was really the first year of that transition. We had great support from some of our partners. We have more plans to shift that mix next Christmas. And also importantly we have view 2,000 where again we're shifting the mix towards more beauty products, owned brand beauty products, from Ken's organization with the launch of these products in over one-half -- 1,000 extra stores to get to 2,000 stores by somewhere around Christmas next year. So the trends are very similar, to be honest. We are pretty predictable. Maybe the one that was a bit less predictable was promotional markets where, again, we gave great promotional through the autumn. So we've had to adjust that a little bit after that period. And of course, that's important to stay in a market and stay prepared, which we are doing. So really the trends are the same. We adjust as we go, but the fundamentals are the same.
David Larsen: Would you expect this 27.0% gross margin to continue or improve for the rest of the year in Retail USA?
George Fairweather: As you'll appreciate, we don't give forecasts at that level. I'll really reiterate what Alex is saying: we expect, as we see in Europe, ongoing reimbursement pressures. There's obviously a little bit of growth in specialties as well, which I talked about, which of course has got a high unit margin but lower percent. So there will be some of these mix effects continuing to go through. And what we've got to continue to do is drive the efficiency and the productivity. It's absolutely the way of life. What we're really focused on if we come back is, is looking at the operating margin end-to-end. That's where I know Alex and I are very, very focused. Coming back to the retail example, Alex just talked about a lot of the promotional work that we talked about created a lot of inefficiency in stores and a lot of cost. So what you've actually got to do is drive the efficiency out as well as focusing just on the gross margin, because what's important is to be able to grow our operating margin from the business over time as well as our top line.
David Larsen: Okay. Then just one more quick one. Assuming the Rite Aid deal does close, I think what I heard maybe last quarter was that you would expect the deal to be accretive in year one. Can you give any more color around that? Like, what exactly does that term accretive mean? Would that be about and beyond what the Rite Aid earnings would normally layer in? Just any more color around that would be really helpful.
Stefano Pessina: We have given you the level of synergies. We have said $1 billion of synergies. We still said we are into that number. Of course, the synergies will be down, day after day since the time when we will be able to execute the merger. You can really value for these [guesses] from these how much of these synergies will be possible in the first year. We said that we would need two or three years to deliver this $1 billion, so you can see. We have given an indication. To be honest, we don't want to be more precise because we don't know exactly the terms. We don't know exactly how many pharmacies we will have to divest; we will know exactly how many pharmacies we could consolidate. So we don't want to be more precise for the time being; but overall, you have an indication.
David Larsen: Okay, that's super. Very helpful. Thanks a lot and congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: Thank you, our next question will come from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim Securities, your line is now open, please go ahead.
John Heinbockel: I guess for anybody, but particularly Alex, there would seem to be -- one of the ways the Rite Aid deal is going to work really well are the learnings that you can pick up from them; and obviously there's a lot of potential there. Obviously they do the loyalty card differently than you; they do the Wellness Ambassadors, the Care Coaches. What are the one or two things that you look at from afar and are intrigued by, where there might be some earnings that are particularly applicable to your store base?
Alex Gourlay: I think the first thing is this company has managed with very limited resources for some time and has done it very well, and I think that's a great discipline. It's a discipline, to be honest, the Walgreens team has picked up really quickly in the last 12, 18 months. I think it's people also in the Walgreens organization to use money wisely. But again we have an opportunity I think to learn even more about that, given the level of cash that Rite Aid didn't have in the last period. So that's the first one. I think related to that, secondly, to your point, they've invested wisely in their best stores. And they are getting -- from the numbers that the team speak about, and you will confirm, they're getting nice lifts in their refitted stores. To be honest, as we review some of the stuff we did in the Well Experience we hadn't been successful in the past, maybe two or three years ago, with some of these lifts. We're now getting better lifts. I guess I think if we can put these lessons together we can make better use of our capital and get better lifts in the front end. And of course with [indiscernible] really some really great products coming out of the global sourcing organization from Alliance Boots that [indiscernible] mentioned, [same] with beauty, developing into healthcare, into seasonal gifts. We put these three things together. So we are very open. Partnership is about openness, curiosity to learn, and that team has done a good job in these two dimensions in particular.
John Heinbockel: Do you have a view to, again from afar, the Gold customer or Silver customer, the nature of that loyalty program, which is very unique relative to a lot of loyalty programs in the US? Is that something that's particularly intriguing as something to give your effort a bit of a boost?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, we had a start at [indiscernible] Walgreens. I mean, the loyalty card here is only three years old. We have 85 million active customers on the card; we have now got almost 28 million, I think it is, save up Everyday Points, which was only launched in May. So we're very curious about how that card works in the marketplace, and we'll certainly take our time to understand it and see what benefits it could bring to our partnership.
John Heinbockel: Sure. All right. Then maybe just for George, on the $1.5 billion cost-reduction program, have you seen -- was there any benefit in the first quarter? Have you seen anything to date? And then if you think about how that breaks out 2016 and 2017, is that more back-end loaded or front-end loader?
George Fairweather: We're just really working through the program, so every quarter we're getting more benefit coming through. I think we said we were broadly at the halfway stage at the year end, and we're just working methodically through it with Alex's team. We're pleased with the progress and very much on track to deliver this program. Of course, once we're through this program, we will always seek new ways to drive further efficiencies. It's just got to be a way of life for our business going forward, just as we've done in the UK, just as we've done successfully in Boots over a number of phases.
John Heinbockel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Mushkin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had two, and it goes to the Valeant deal that was signed. Some of your PBM partners have been on the record saying that they thought the deal was kind of the opposite of what you guys portrayed; it increased costs to the system. So I want to ask you why you think their point of view is so different. Then the second question is, as you look at these partnerships, is Valeant the -- obviously you thought it was the right partner. I'm trying to -- I guess I would ask why. And then I had a follow-up question on something else.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi. This is Alex here, Scott. We are determined to implement as well, and we're determined to be very transparent about what the real costs are as a result of this partnership. And as I think we said in our statement that we have employed, actually lead this team to independently review this. So we are working very closely not just with Valeant but with our PBM partners to understand their concerns, and we will take care of these concerns. We're not looking to disrupt the system and terms of what they are trying to do to lower costs. We're trying to take costs out of the system which will help them to lower costs for their payers. That's our intention. Of course when you introduce something new to the market and some new thoughts, there's always people who maybe think differently about it. But we are determined to implement as well and make it work.  And in terms of why Valeant, well, because of the fact that they came to us and they asked us would we be able to, we have done the business in particular with the situation that we're in. We did appropriate due diligence and we decided that this is a good opportunity to take some of the lessons that the team, particularly Ornella's team in Europe, had learned about the attractive pharmacy model in wholesale. So we saw the opportunity to lift and shift our best practice in Europe into Valeant. And they liked the idea, and they walked through it pretty quickly and got to a good place in that pretty short period of time. They are a great team to work with, and we wish Mike a very speedy recovery. The team themselves are very engaged and working with us very well, and we will do all we can to make sure that any concerns are taken care of and are independently reviewed.
George Fairweather: And, Stefano here, don't forget that they have accepted to reduce their price, which is really, I would say, quite exceptional particularly here in the U.S. And they have accepted it because they have understood that a new model which should cost less should deliver benefits to the customers, to the final patients. And this is very important. This shows that this need of new ways of working, the innovative way of working, is really understood. It's important that it's understood. Someone has to start, and we are very happy that we'll be able, I hope, to demonstrate how this model will work in the U.S. and how this model could reduce cost for the final customer.
Scott Mushkin: Right, makes sense.
Alex Gourlay: I know it's a big subject, but remember we are both global companies. Valeant are a global company. They operate in many markets that we operate in. We have great infrastructure across many markets, as Stefano and George and others have explained. So we believe once we implement this well in the U.S. there are other opportunities for us to work in a partnership with Valeant. A 20 year deal was unusual, but it was there because we wanted to make sure that over time we generated a great platform not just here in the USA but also they are very good quality products, to make them more available to their brands and maybe even some of their own brands possibly in the European and other markets. So this is a much broader deal than just Europe. So to come back to why Valeant, there is a second reason because they are a very good company with good expertise on a model which is a very, very efficient R&D model.
Stefano Pessina: And also, as you know, we at Boots are very focused on skincare and we have many products in this area. We're a market leader in this area, and Valeant has also many products and many patents and intellectual properties in this area. And the collaboration could really improve the quality of our relevant products.
Gerald Gradwell: Okay, Brian, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes sir. Our last question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. Two things, if I could. First of all, SG&A performance, SG&A dollars in the U.S. I think grew in 4Q a little more than expected and improved in 1Q. Curious of the difference between that and how we should think of that going forward. And then secondly, I think you said the retail margin was flat in the quarter in the U.S. It seemed like you had done some things to improve profitability. Curious on the color there and then how we think about that line as we move forward.
Stefano Pessina: Before I answer the two questions I would like to attract your attention to what I have said at the very beginning of this call. In reality, you don't have to measure up for the quarter taking all the different elements of our Company quarter by quarter. We have a long-term project. We are following this project independently on the quarter, and so you will see sometimes better rewards or KPIs, and these will not be always the same. You have to judge on the whole, and you see that on the whole we will continue to progress, as we have clearly demonstrated in the last four quarter. Every quarter we progress, and it's a mix of everything we do. The gross margin is important, but at the end of the day, what is really important is the operating margin; it is the earning, the profit that we can extract from an operation. Sometimes you have to sacrifice the gross profit because the [lower] increase in the gross profit or in the gross margin can be very expensive but to achieve a level cost or another cost. So we have always a holistic view and this, our holistic view, is extended over a long period of time and not over a quarter. Maybe you can answer in detail. But this is the logic, the philosophy.
Alex Gourlay: Maybe if I give a specific example in photographic, [tipping] the point that Stefano is making. In photographic we reduced substantially our operating costs by removing more expensive-to-maintain, more difficult-to-use, and requiring more people to use them, wet labs, the old labs. We removed all of that very quickly, in a period of about 18 months across all our states and replace them with a new digital technology which, in essence, reduces the gross margin actually but actually, because of the operating cost advantages of that system, drives two things. It drives volume. We had a very strong volume right through the period, and as part of the about-flat sales that George mentioned, in holding [the November] period, that was a driver up the way of sales. And also we have been able to offer better value to customers, and we're very pleased with the performance in that category. We have really driven a big differential. And that's been also transported to Boots as well. Boots are using the same platform with the same effect now in the UK. So that's a great example of what we mean by operating margin. In terms of costs going forward, we remain confident in our cost plan. We're on track [technical difficulty] people's attitude towards this has been fantastic. The teams have done a great job, and customer care scores are up because we're taking workload out. So going forward, you should expect to see the same activities. Now how they fall quarter to quarter, as Stefano said, sometimes varies depending on a number of factors. But the strategy we're implementing is a very clear strategy, and we're very pleased with the progress.
George Fairweather: I'll just emphasize on top of that really that we're very disciplined in the way that we look at returns, be it from capital, be it from revenue, revenue expenditure. It's really back to what we said earlier: we're very focused on creating real, real shareholder value. So that means driving out cost inefficiencies as fast as we possibly can in a way that still keeps the focus on the customer. But equally, we're perfectly willing to invest, invest in either capital or invest in revenue expenditure, where we're confident we can get a good return; and we will always do that. It will mean therefore from time to time we will get the variations between the various categories. The important thing is to continue to drive up our overall returns and deliver long-term, sustained shareholder value. And of course there will always be seasonal variations. It's the nature of our business.
Alex Gourlay: [technical difficulty] just on seasonality of sales, that point is an important one, which is explains in substantially varying over 10% in the quarter just past. And if you look at the publicly available information, it's continued to a similar if not higher trend in the last few weeks as well. So again, seasonality is a big flux in our business, always has been, always will be. But one year we have a benefit maybe from seasonality; one year we have less benefit from seasonality. So we feel very confident our strategy is working and we will feel very confident through the quarter, as Stefano said, we will see that coming [technical difficulty].
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question we have time for on the call. Thank you for joining us today. Feel free to reach out to Ashish, myself, or any of the IR team if you have any further questions. And I hope you all have a good day. Thank you very much indeed.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens
Analysts: Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Inc. George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise, but later we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. I'd now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. You have the floor, sir.
Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning or afternoon, wherever you may be, to everyone. Welcome to our fiscal year-end 2015 and fourth quarter earnings call. Today, Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our results in greater detail. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Alex Gourlay, Executive Vice President of Walgreens Boots Alliance and President of Walgreens. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and the webcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our second quarter form 10-Q and subsequent filings, including our fiscal 2011 10-K, when filed, for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures and we refer you to the appendix of the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. With that, I'll hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fiscal 2015 full-year earnings call. So, this is an exciting time for us. Not only are we today announcing the first full-year results as a fully combined company, but also, as you would have seen, we are announcing the acquisition of Rite Aid in a transaction that will significantly accelerate our plan to expand our presence in the U.S. With this acquisition, we are accelerating a long-term objective that we knew we needed to address to strengthen our presence and coverage nationally across the U.S. I have to say that we have reached an agreement with Rite Aid that reflect what we believe to be very fair terms, which will allow us to unlock real value from the transaction. The addition of Rite Aid will accelerate our strategy by completing our network, providing a larger and more comprehensive portfolio, with which we can deploy our knowledge and skill, and creating a more comprehensive and stronger platform for the development of our brand presence and the future growth of our business. Clearly, there is still a lot to be done to complete the transaction with Rite Aid. Our team has done a lot of work on this and we will work closely with the regulator to bring the transaction to a conclusion as soon as possible. George will give you more details about our agreement to acquire Rite Aid in a few moments, but first let me review the progress we have made in the past year in our work to transform our businesses and drive growth across the company. When I spoke to you in July, I referred to the extraordinary amount of work that has been going on inside the company to establish the processes and systems on which to build a more responsible patient development (4:35) business. This is critical for what is today a rapidly changing business environment with new and different dynamics than those that the company has historically been used to. In all of our markets we face tough challenges, either from competitors or from governments' relentless drive to manage healthcare costs. That said, I do not believe anyone on this call would not say the same things of their business. Our job is, as it has well been and will continue to be to identify, address, and if we can lead the market to efficiently scale insight and innovation. Of course, with the completion of our transaction to form a Walgreens Boots Alliance in general (5:28), and the subsequent executive and management changes, it has taken us a little time to come to grips with the business. And, as part of this, we have been actively working to strengthen and simplify our management reporting structure and system, to ensure that we can build a reliable and accurate picture of our group and understand our strengths and weaknesses. We have had to spend some time restructuring and refocusing a number of parts of the business and a number of areas of management. In some areas, we have found it necessary to bring in people and skills from outside the group, recognizing that for our U.S. business to dovetail management reporting to what is an extensive international network requires something different in terms of systems and expertise than running a U.S. based domestic business. Internationally, our management has had to take some time to understand how they are impacted by the shift in the nature of our business that is inevitable, given the scale of our U.S. business. The practical and cultural issues that these changes have raised are complex, but have been helped in part by the relationships and connections we began to forge in the year before the initial announcement of our deal and since the final completion. An amazing amount has been achieved within the company, but we remain very much at the beginning of our journey. Alex and his team have been working hard to ensure we are operating an efficient and effective network, optimized as far as possible to the needs of the communities that it serves. They have made a lot of progress, but there is a lot more things to do. I also understand the demand and potential for a more unique (7:37) using the Boots products as a base is now beyond the trial stage and is beginning to rollout in a managed way across the network. We are restructuring the front end of our stores to set us on the right path of future growth, even if, as anticipated, this is the short-term cost of some sales. However, this short-term impact is compensated for by the improved margins that this restructuring has delivered. We are also continuing to innovate in new channels to stay relevant and continue to prove the strength of our brand in the digital world (8:20), every bit as much as in the physical one. I would be doing a great disservice to many people outside the U.S., if I did not mention their outstanding efforts as well that has resulted in solid performance from our International Retail Pharmacy and International Wholesale businesses. So, the fourth quarter results have been strong, and the year as a whole has been good for us. We are confident that our synergy program is on track to deliver at least $1 billion in 2016, and as we have said, we are well into the process of reviewing, restructuring and refocusing our people to deliver on our plan for many years to come, reinvigorating and differentiating our business across every market we operate in. That said, after the completion of our formal synergy programs resulting from the Walgreens and Alliance Boots transaction, we will expect to reverse toward (9:29) consider a more normalized economic growth profile of the business in 2017 and beyond. Overall, therefore, this is an exciting and busy time, and although I am never satisfied with what we have achieved, as I believe in general that we can and should always reach for more. I am also realistic and acknowledge the work that has been done, and recognize that this has been a good year for the company. I will now hand you over to George to talk through the results and give you a bit more detail on our agreement with Rite Aid. I will come back to you after that. George, please.
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Stefano. Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon for those listening in Europe. Today, I'll start by taking you through the highlights of our fiscal year ended 2015 full year and fourth quarter results. I will then give you some insights into the performance of our three divisions, before updating you on the progress that we've made in our synergy cost-saving programs. I will conclude by providing some details on the Rite Aid agreement before taking you through our guidance for fiscal year 2016. I will begin by reminding you that our fiscal year 2015 results are not directly comparable to fiscal 2014. This is primarily due to three key elements associated with completing the second step of our transaction on December 31, 2014. Firstly, we eliminated the three-month reporting lag for Alliance Boots and re-classed prior-year results with no lag. Secondly, segmental reporting from January 1, 2015 includes the allocation of synergy benefits including WBAD combined corporate costs. And lastly, fiscal 2015 results include equity earnings from Alliance Boots for the four months of September to December 2014 and full consolidation of Alliance Boots earnings for the eight months from January to August 2015. I'm proud of our achievements and accomplishments in fiscal 2015. Closing our transaction, delivering strong financial performance, and reporting the combined results for WBA required great teamwork across the organization. Looking now at our overall performance for the year; net sales for fiscal year 2015 were $103.4 billion. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $4.7 billion. Net interest expense $605 million. The tax rate was 19.9% and net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance was $4.2 billion, or $4.00 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, our operating income was $6.2 billion as compared to fiscal 2014. The key factors which drove our fiscal 2015 results were the full consolidation of Alliance Boots operations combined with growth in the Retail Pharmacy USA segment. Adjusted net interest expense for the year was $464 million, reflecting increased level of debt associated with the second step of the Alliance Boots transaction. Adjusted tax rate was 27.8%. This was lower than we were expecting, due to business mix and certain discrete items that benefited us, primarily in the fourth quarter. This resulted in adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance fiscal 2015 of $4.1 billion, equating to $3.88 per diluted share. So now I will quickly take you through the walk from GAAP diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS for the fiscal year. The GAAP earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance for fiscal year 2015 of $4.00 per diluted share reconciles to adjusted earnings of $3.88 per diluted share. The net adjustment of $0.12 per share reflects additions, $0.17 of LIFO provision cost in Retail Pharmacy USA, $0.35 of restructuring related costs, that's from our cost optimization and store closure program, and a net favorable $0.02 transaction and acquisition-related items from executing step two of the merger with Alliance Boots. These additions were more than offset by removal of a $0.54 gain on our warrant to acquire AmerisourceBergen shares and an additional net$0.12 gain for special items. A detailed reconciliation of all component items is included as an appendix to the slides. Moving on to our fourth quarter results, net sales in the fourth quarter were $28.5 billion, an increase of 50% versus the comparable quarter in the prior year. On a GAAP basis, operating income for the quarter was $836 million, net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance of $26 million, equating to $0.02 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, operating income increased to $1.5 billion, driven primarily by the consolidation of Alliance Boots. Adjusted net earnings, typical for Walgreens Boots Alliance, were $969 million or $0.88 per diluted share. This represents an increase of 14.3% and adjusted earnings per diluted share over the comparable quarter in the prior year. It should also be noted that the fourth quarter results last year included three months equity earnings as a result of Walgreens' 45% interest in Alliance Boots, compared to fully consolidated results in this year's fourth quarter. Let me now quickly take you through the walk from GAAP diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS for the fourth quarter. GAAP earnings of $0.02 per diluted share for the quarter reconciles the adjusted earnings of $0.88 per diluted share. The net adjustment of $0.86 per share incorporates the following additions. $0.05 of LIFO provision cost in Retail Pharmacy USA, $0.20 of restructuring-related costs, $0.21 of transaction and acquisition-related items in regards to step two of the merger with Alliance Boots, a $0.37 loss on our warrants to acquire AmerisourceBergen shares, and net $0.03 from special items. So now I will take you through the performance of each of our three divisions, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Firstly, please remember that we sold the majority stake in our infusion business on April 7. With our minority position, our share of earnings in Option Care now flows through the income statement as post-tax earnings from equity method investments. So looking first at the division's fiscal year performance, total sales were $81 billion, a year-over-year increase of 6.0%. Sales on a comparable store basis increased by 6.4%, full year. On a GAAP basis, for fiscal 2015, gross profit was $21.8 billion, while SG&A was $18.2 billion, resulting in operating income of $3.9 billion. On an adjusted basis, gross profit for the full year was $22.1 billion, SG&A was $17.2 billion, and operating income was $5.1 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 4.8%, driven by strong sales performance and tight cost control. Please remember when assessing this increase, the benefits of these two factors were partially offset by the inclusion of Walgreens share of equity earnings in Alliance Boots in operating income in the prior year. So excluding this impact, adjusted operating income in the division grew by 12.5%. Substantial progress was made in controlling SG&A during the year, as a result of benefits associated with our cost-savings program. This was a significant driver of the division's year-on-year performance. On an adjusted basis, SG&A expenses decreased by 85 basis points year-over-year. For the end of fiscal year, the division operated 8,173 retail sales. So, now let's turn to the division's fourth quarter performance. Retail Pharmacy USA's total sales in the quarter were $19.9 billion, an increase of 4.7% over the fourth quarter in the prior year. Total sales in comparable stores increased by 6.5%. On a GAAP basis for the quarter, gross profit was $5.3 billion, while SG&A was $4.7 billion, resulting in operating income of $511 million. On an adjusted basis, gross profit was $5.4 billion, while SG&A was $4.3 billion. Adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter of $1.1 billion was down 10.1% over the comparable quarter in the prior year. This was primarily due to having no equity earnings in Alliance Boots in the current quarter in the segment versus three months in the comparable period. Excluding this impact, adjusted operating income grew by 1.2%. We were able to increase adjusted gross profit dollars compared to the final quarter of fiscal 2014, despite lower gross margins, while at the same time delivering SG&A efficiencies through our cost-savings program. So let's now look at pharmacy part of Retail Pharmacy USA in more detail. Comparable pharmacy sales were up 9.3% for the fiscal year. We filled 894 million prescriptions, including immunizations. That's on a 30-day adjusted basis, an increase of 4.4% over last year. Prescriptions filled in comparable stores up 4.6% year-on-year. In the fourth quarter, comparable pharma sales were up 10.0%, as we filled 222 million prescriptions, an increase of 4.6% over the current quarter in the prior year. Prescriptions filled in comparable stores up 5.1%. Year-over-year, we continue to see a positive impact and further growth in Medicare Part D and ACA funded scripts, resulting in our retail prescription market share on a 30-day adjusted basis increasing to 19.1% for the year ended August 31, an increase of approximately 20 basis points. The benefits of positive sales growth were however substantially offset by pharmacy gross margin pressure, consistent with our expectations. Pharmacy margins were negatively impacted in the fiscal year by lower third-party reimbursements, an increase in Medicare Part D mix, including the strategy to continue driving 90-day prescriptions at retail, and the mix of specialty drugs, which carry a lower margin percent. The decrease in pharmacy margin was partially offset by additional brand-to-generic drug conversions compared with the prior fiscal year. While we continue to anticipate margin pressure, we remain confident in our strategy to drive access of critical programs such as Med Part D and deepen our payer relationships to grow our pharmacy business over time. Moving now onto the retail products performance within Retail Pharmacy USA. Retail sales increased by 1.9% for fiscal year 2015, while comparable sales increased 1.5%. As anticipated, the rate of sales growth was slightly slower in the fourth quarter as we continued to remove our more inefficient promotions, reduce store numbers, and optimize store opening hours. Sales increased 0.8% in total, and by 0.4% on a comparable sales basis. Overall, our strategy continues to be to drive sales growth and improve profitability, and I'm pleased to report that gross profit margins have increased for the sixth quarter in succession. Over the past 18 months, we've improved our product mix with our key health and wellness categories, now contributing to higher proportion of total sales. We have also enhanced our merchandising tools, continue to optimize our promotional performance, and have upgraded on-shelf availability, assuring products are in-store at the right price. Finally, we have improved sourcing, with a higher level of our own branded products. In fiscal year 2016, we plan to continue to invest to drive our strategy and improve our customer offer. We will take what we've learned from our successful No7test in Phoenix, New York City, where we saw positive lift in both beauty and overall sales, and roll out a new beauty offering to an additional 1,600 stores, for a total of 2,000. With this new offer, we will elevate the customer experience with better fixtures, improved customer care, space optimization, and selected store upgrades. We're also advancing the personalization of our Balance Rewards program, more offers targeted through our everyday points program to our health and beauty customers. Through these efforts we are striving to improve our customers' experience, expand our profit margin in the front of store, and continue to grow sales in key customer categories. With that, let me turn to the results of our Retail Pharmacy International division, which is pharmacy, allied health, and beauty retail businesses in eight countries. As a quick reminder, our biggest operations are Boots in the UK followed by Mexico. We also have retail pharmacies in Chile, Thailand, Norway, the Republic of Ireland, the Netherlands, and Lithuania. At the end of the fiscal year, the division operated 4,582 retail stores. I will focus my commentary for this division primarily on the most recent quarterly results. The fiscal year only has eight months of data and therefore isn't all that meaningful, particularly as it does not cover the important holiday season. Total sales in the division for the quarter were $3.5 billion. Sales growth when compared with our third quarter was mainly due to the expected stronger sales in seasonal categories combined with currency benefits, mainly the British pound strengthening versus the dollar. On a GAAP basis for the fourth quarter, gross profit was $1.5 billion and SG&A was $1.3 billion, resulting in operating income of $196 million. On an adjusted basis, gross profit for the fourth quarter was $1.5 billion, and SG&A expense was $1.2 billion, which resulted in operating income of $242 million. Adjusted operating margin was 7.0% for the quarter, which was in line with the post-acquisition figure of the last eight months of the fiscal year. So now let's look more closely at the operating performance of the division. On a pro forma constant-currency basis, comparable store sales growth for the quarter was 4.3%.Comparable store retail sales growth was 4.5%, being somewhat stronger than pharmacy, up 4.1%. Comparable store sales growth in British UK was 3.5% in the quarter. Growth across all British UK retail sales categories resulted in comparable store retail sales growth of 4.0%, good performances in beauty and from our online offering being the largest factors. In beauty, No7, our award-winning beauty brand celebrated its 80th anniversary with another good quarter, with both skincare and cosmetics delivering double-digit sales growth in the UK. Sales of No7Protect & Perfect Advanced Serum continued to be strong more than one year on from their launch, supported by their continuing marketing program, which highlights the clinically-proven product benefits, which I talked about on our last earnings call. During the quarter, we also launched No7 Advanced Day and Night creams with a new color cosmetics campaign. Both of these initiatives were well received by our customers. Our UK website, Boots.com continued to see strong growth with orders during the quarter up more than 65% over the same period last year. At the beginning of August, we further enhanced the convenience of our order and collect offer, now enabling customers to order by 8:00 p.m. and still collect in store at 12:00 noon the following day. In the fourth quarter, nearly 70% of all our online orders in the UK were collected in store. Outside the UK, our businesses in Mexico, Thailand and the Republic of Ireland all delivered pro forma constant currency comparable store sales for the quarter, well above the average of the division, as did Boots Opticians in the UK. So turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Total sales in the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division in the fourth quarter were $5.8 billion. On a pro forma basis, assuming constant currency and excluding acquisitions and disposals, on this basis sales increased 5.0% over the same quarter in the prior year. Sales growth was particularly strong in Norway, where our wholesale business won a major new contract (28:47), which began around the start of calendar 2015, and five other countries where our businesses each achieved double-digit comparable sales growth in the quarter. These included two of our largest wholesale businesses in Turkey and Germany. GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter was $133 million, while adjusted operating income was $158 million. Adjusted operating income margin for the quarter was 2.7%, compared to 2.9% for the eight months post acquisition. This, in part, reflects the seasonal nature of pharmaceutical wholesaling. So having covered our divisional performance, I would now like to turn to our synergy program, one of the key drivers of profit growth. The combined net synergies for fiscal 2015 were $799 million, significantly above our target of at least $650 million. This includes $81 million classified as synergies in the fourth quarter, which related to activities commencing in prior fiscal years. Consistent with our prior reporting, these synergies are allocated across each segment and do not include any benefit from our long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen or the benefits of refinancing the legacy Alliance Boots indebtedness at a lower cost. For fiscal year 2016, we continue to expect to reach at least $1 billion in combined net synergies. As time goes on and the combined management team works closer together, there are of course a number of other synergies being identified and actions, but many of them are simply not practical to quantify, as they blend into our core operations. So moving now to our cost savings program, which as you know is another key area of focus. As previously announced, we have a target of $1.5 billion of cost savings to be delivered by the end of fiscal 2017. The expected pre-tax charges associated with this program, as previously stated, are between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, which the cash component is expected to be approximately 60%. We continue to make good progress towards this goal and have achieved more than half of the program's expected savings as of the end of the fiscal year. The Retail Pharmacy USA division, which is the primary driver of this program, this included closing 75 stores in the quarter, making a total of 84 store closures in fiscal 2015 as part of our plan to close approximately 200 stores in total. Actions taken during fiscal 2015 have resulted in pre-tax charges totaling $542 million, including $223 million for asset impairments, $202 million for real estate closures, and $117 million for segments and other business transition and fixed costs. So now I'd now like to look at cash flow and capital deployment. GAAP operating profit cash flow was $5.7 billion for the full fiscal year and $1.5 billion in the quarter. Free cash flow was $4.4 billion for the full year and $1.1 billion in the quarter. As it is hard for you to gauge our cash-generating abilities from today's results, I would like to give you some insight into our operating cash flow and working capital priorities. We remain intensely focused in driving cash flow across our three business segments. Within our Retail Pharmacy USA division, during the year we improved inventory management in both pharmacy and retail products. We have more opportunities in inventory, have a renewed focus on accounts receivable and accounts payable, all with the aim of driving further working capital savings. We will continue to apply the same discipline in Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Total capital expenditure was $1.3 billion for the full fiscal year and $361 million in the quarter. After the merger, we put in place operational governance procedures to improve capital and ensure that we are prudently maintaining our infrastructure, while investing in the right growth initiatives to generate return to shareholders. This process is working well. You will see a step up in capital spend from the third to fourth quarter, which reflects our renewed drive to invest in key areas that develop our customer proposition, including information technology. So moving on to our key financing activities; in line with our philosophy of having an efficient balance sheet, we completed $395 million of share repurchases in the fourth quarter against our $3 billion authorization, bringing the total purchases under this program to $726 million by the fiscal year end. Since then, an existing 10b5-1 program's been completed, through which we acquired an additional $110 million of shares. We now have $2.2 billion of value remaining under our authorized plan. In addition, as we previously announced, we redeemed $1.75 billion of legacy Walgreens' debt in August. As we have said before, we remain committed to a long-term dividend payout target between 30% and 35% of adjusted net earnings. Now before I finish and hand back to Stefano, let me just spend a few minutes on the impact of our agreement to acquire Rite Aid and on fiscal 2016 guidance. As you know, the agreed price per share for Rite Aid is $9, representing a total enterprise value of approximately $17.2 billion, including acquired net debt. The consideration for the shares will be paid in cash from existing new resources. The transaction is, as you would expect, subject to approval by Rite Aid shareholders, regulatory clearances and other customary closing conditions. We have done significant analysis on how we can bring the two companies together, including the antitrust analysis, and we'll work closely with the regulators to bring the transaction to completion as soon as possible. That said, we anticipate the transaction closing in the second half of calendar 2016. The exact timing of this will clearly determine the impact on our financial results. Clearly, we are very confident that taking everything into account, the transaction will be suitably accretive for us. We have been prudent in our assumptions for the business and have been realistic about our expectations for the markets in which we operate. That said, we expect the transaction to be accretive during the first full year after completion on our usual adjusted basis. In addition to timing, there are a number of other factors that will impact us. We have identified in excess of $1 billion of gross synergies that we will start working to capture as soon as completion takes place, but we must recognize that while some of these are relatively easy to identify, others will require investment and will take time to deliver. As we are paying cash for the acquisition, we have taken the decision to suspend our share repurchase program and intend to redeploy that cash to partly fund the transaction. This means that in 2016 we will not enjoy the earnings accretion of the buybacks we originally planned. In fact, we will be running a relatively inefficient balance sheet for a short period of time. The transaction will also cause a temporary increase in leverage, but this does not represent an underlying change in financial policy. We'll put in place a glide path to deliver metrics consistent with our commitment to solid investment grade. So with all of that said, let me conclude by talking about our outlook for fiscal year 2016. As you know, we previously had a stated adjusted EPS goal for fiscal year 2016 of $4.25 to $4.60. We committed, at our analyst meeting in April, that on completion of our budget process we would come back to you to give an updated view of 2016. Based on our budget and further evaluation of both risks and opportunities, which factor in a currency headwind of around $0.13, since the previous Walgreens management initially provided our FY 2016 adjusted EPS goal back in August 2014, we are issuing new guidance for fiscal year 2016 of $4.25 to $4.55. This change is primarily to reflect the impact of suspending our share buyback program, to apply these funds towards the consideration for the transaction. This guidance assumes no material accretion from the planned acquisition of Rite Aid, which is expected to close in the second half of calendar 2016. Please also remember that we have currency translational exposure, primarily based on movements in the pound sterling versus the dollar. Not only does this impact for adjusted operating income and EPS, but it can also cause particularly volatility in the sales, gross margin, and SG&A items, as it did this quarter. As Stefano indicated, we anticipate the published numerical synergy target from the merger between Walgreens and Alliance Boots to be met during 2016 and we will advise you after we have achieved that target. The synergies and benefits from the transaction with Rite Aid will be almost entirely within our U.S. Retail Pharmacy division, and so will be reflected in these figures rather than as separately itemized programs. Clearly, we will continue to drive hard efficiencies and cost procurement, but we see this as normal working practice rather than unique and discrete projects, and so going further beyond 2016, we would expect our earnings growth to return to a more normal, but still challenging low double-digit growth. In terms of the shape of the quarters, please remember that both our first and second quarters in fiscal year 2016 are non-comparable, given that we closed the merger on December 31, 2014. Seasonality is most prominent in our Retail Pharmacy segments, with the first quarter typically the weakest. Our second quarter picks up most of the holiday season, which will be more prominent going forward, as we will consolidate December results for Retail Pharmacy International. This will include Boots performance in December, which is typically its most important trading month. We also expect the shape of the second half of the fiscal year to be generally consistent with what we saw in fiscal 2015, with adjusted earnings per share in Q3 and Q4 stepping down sequentially from Q2. So with that, I will turn the call back to Stefano.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, George. So, another good year, but a year of transition that has brought many challenges but also with many successes, including our announcement with Rite Aid. It has been particularly gratifying to have been able to keep our team on track and maintain our momentum in our businesses, both in the U.S. and around the world, while at the same time be able to start to understand our new markets and deliver corporate expansion as we are doing with Rite Aid. As CEO, I very much recognize my role is both to support my team in achieving and supporting their goals, but also in creating the opportunities and direction for them to outperform and identify sources of growth and value-enhancement, while helping mark the route for sustained growth to secure the future for the company well beyond my tenure. As we stand today, we have potential opportunities in many businesses, in many geographies. We continue to review all the opportunities open to us to assess where best to deploy our capital to provide the best return for our investors. The healthcare market is extraordinary dynamic with many moving parts, and these dynamics creates new opportunities and new ideas all the time. A key part of my role is to make sure that we pursue these opportunities where they are desirable to do so, and not waste time and resources where it is not. And to ensure that we do that without distracting our teams from delivering on our long and short-term plan for our existing business. For the time, you can expect to see us complement the development of our existing businesses with further additions that we can do that will help us better define and differentiate our businesses. As we look at our opportunities around the globe, given the unique dynamic of the U.S. market, it is not surprising that the best opportunity we have found this year has been here, while elsewhere our expansion has been through the selective purchase event and small bolt-on acquisition to our revenue stream. The global healthcare markets, and perhaps the U.S. market more than any, are ready for change, and open to new ideas and new approaches that throughout provide scale. As the leading global healthcare company, we have the potential to play a defining role in this evolution. We have always married prudence with a willingness to find innovative solution and think about things in new ways and these are qualities I am glad to be spreading across the group and I believe will form the foundation for the success of the business going forward. Now, let's open up for questions. Gerald, please.
Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects: Thank you. Andrew, we're ready to take questions now.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Edward Kelly from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes, hi, guys, good morning and congratulations on the Rite Aid deal. I did want to start just on that front; your press release  and the call, by the way, didn't really have any reference to your appetite for FTC risk. Does the merger agreement have a divestiture cap? If it does, can you provide more detail here? And as you think about FTC, I mean there is some history that we can sort of look back to 2007 when Rite Aid bought Eckerd, for instance in terms of the parameters that they looked at. Is that still a relevant way to think about it? Any thoughts related to all this I think would be very helpful for people.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, it's very difficult to comment about that. Of course, before doing this decision, taking this decision and doing these steps, we have analyzed things very carefully. We have tried to figure out what would happen, but of course, it has been done within the closed walls of our company. In this situation, it is very difficult for us to make public comments. You know when we have public authorities, it is better for us not to interfere at all.
Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess just one follow-up to that, then. I mean, because the merger agreement is going to come out soon, I would take it. So, how much divestiture risk are you assuming within this agreement? Is there a certain number of stores? How have you framed that in the agreement?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have put a cap because, of course, we have to take certain precautions, but we are not speculating at all about the number of stores that we will have to divest.
Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Just sorry  one, I apologize; but could you give us the number that you sort of capped this at?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I cannot give you the number and you know it.
Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, hi; good morning. So congratulations on the Rite Aid deal. Obviously, you've communicated $1 billion of synergies. Can you just help us think about the sources of synergies, and kind of like how long will it take to capture it? I mean should we think about it  I mean, when you put together Alliance Boots and Walgreens you've also communicated a synergy number, and you've kind of like allocated buckets to drug purchasing, front-end, et cetera. So if you can give us some similar context for the Rite Aid deal, it would be very helpful.
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: We've not given the specific details on this, but I'm sure you can imagine, as with any deal of this nature, there are different classifications of synergies. There are the procurement synergies, or the GNFR synergies; there will be other cost-saving synergies. And these synergies we will access in a structured way, much as we have done with the Walgreens Alliance Boots transaction. We've got a team who are very experienced in accessing those synergies, and we're very confident in our numbers. As ever, these gross synergies take time to access. Some of them can be achieved faster than others. Some will require investment, and we will work through that, but there will be an element of investment to get the synergies, we'll clearly go over the coming time we will work through how best to achieve these. But we've done a lot of work, as ever, to be really confident in the number that we have published.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But you understand that in this case the synergies are coming mainly by internal efficiency, by the fact that maybe we can have a better network to sell our brands product, which is still a fundamental component of our strategy. And so these will not happen overnight. It will take some time.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: And finally, to add to that would be that this is  the program is in a sense it's not between two companies, the acquisition will be in part of the Retail Pharmacy USA division. So it really doesn't make sense for us to report the synergies separately in the way that we did when these were essentially being shared half and half between Alliance Boots and Walgreens.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I want to stress what George has said, we have done a lot of work, and we are very confident that this deal will deliver for us.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then Rite Aid has a small PBM business that they acquired recently. How do you think, Envision fits within Walgreen Boots?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Maybe Alex can give you. We have discussed this about their PBM business, and Alex can do something.
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: Yeah, I mean, as we know today, it's an important but relatively small PBM business. It's in the top 10, but not a big one. It's a (51:28) business with a lot of beauty abilities and IT, so at the moment we are really interested in, once we get beyond the closure of the FTC review to understand more about the business and how it could really help us understand access in America better. I mean our real purpose view with the deal with Rite Aid is to improve the quality of pharmacy and to really just cross across some markets and make sure we create a market which is more affordable and more accessible for everyone, aligned with the government policy. So we think this could be our way into that in terms of Envision. But clearly we need to understand more, and we'll understand more once we're through the FTC review.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In any case, it will be a good opportunity for us to learn more. And we are always open to learn.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meredith Adler from Barclays. Your line is open. Meredith Adler, we're not getting any audio from your line.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sorry, I had mute on. We haven't had an update in a little while on the loyalty program. I was wondering if you could give us just a little bit of comment on that. I think you're making some changes.
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: Yeah. Hi, Meredith. Alex here. Yes, we moved to something we called Everyday Points. We talked about in the last earnings review as well. And this is where for the majority of front-end products, we're able to offer points and also extended the points in the pharmacy business to other schemes like Medicaid and Medicare where appropriate. We're really pleased with what has happened. Customers have signed into this program. We have I think it's now 27 million about of customers signed into it, and they're collecting points. More importantly, as we analyze how they're redeeming the points, we're seeing encouraging behavior, behavior where people are actually selecting more and more on brand products and bigger baskets and products they may not otherwise have bought. So it's really early days. I mean, the program's been out there for only a matter of months, but the behavior we're seeing in these customers is encouraging. And it's exactly the behavior we've seen in other loyalty programs that we know well in the group. So that's where we are, and of course we intend, as we have done aggressively since we launched the program just over three years ago now, to invest wisely and carefully to ensure we get return back for our investments. And we're seeing the signs here where we can invest more in this program, and we'll do so in the years ahead.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then I have a question about Rite Aid. I think the company  Rite Aid's management has been fairly upfront about the fact that they have a pretty large number of underperforming stores. I think they've been hesitant to close too many stores because the leases have not yet run out. Could you please talk about your observations of the store base, and what your approach would be to those underperforming stores?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's very difficult to judge the operate of management because we should understand all the different events, and all the different conditions in which the management has to operate. They had a lot of complaints as you know. So, I believe they have done a good job of the situation that they were in. We will approach in our usual way, in a very rational way, trying to do what creates value. So we are not emotional on that, and we will be rational as ever. Alex?
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: Yes. I think that it's clear that we are working hard in Walgreens to really develop the front-end. And again, George gave a good update again of some the progress we've made here in terms of being able to improve our operational margin in the front-end the last six quarters. So as we develop the best ideas in Walgreens, as we take the best ideas from Alliance Boots, and again, George updated that we intend to extend our beauty products into 2,000 Walgreens stores, having done a controlled test in both Phoenix and New York City. And also as we really learn some of the  the excellent work from the outside that the Rite Aid team have done in their new wellness format, we have the opportunity to draw all that together, once we're through the FTC review, and see how we can improve performance in all of our network across America and to provide better front-end performance through a more appropriate offer for communities across America, supporting our better quality pharmacy experience and of course lower costs. So that's our intention. But obviously, once we're through the process with the FTC, we'll be able to work more closely with the teams to understand that better. But we think there is opportunity both in Walgreens, and clearly the team at Rite Aid are seeing good improvement in their wellness format and will be read (56:54) in terms of the reporting.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And I just have one more question. You highlight the sort of healthcare aspects of this and how the merger is going to position you. Are you considering eliminating tobacco? It seems pretty clear that providers and payers feel uncomfortable working with a retail pharmacy that still sells tobacco.
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: I mean, Meredith, we've chosen to invest to help people to stop smoking, to lose weight. Our Balance Rewards for Healthy Choices program we launched about 12 months ago has been incredibly successful, and we've chosen to invest there. Because we believe a little bit less than 3% of tobacco sold today in a drugstore channel, the choice tobacco is there already in many other places. Of course, we continue to review, reflect on this issue and other categories that we happen to sell. But our fundamental choice is to invest to help people who are ready, prepared to stop, stop. And we've made really good progress there and to work with them. So at this stage, we have nothing else to update on apart from that we are pleased with progress that we've made with our investments to help people across America stop smoking.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. I guess, George, could you maybe talk a little bit about gross-to-net synergies and the investments that you feel like the company will need to make as you try to bring the two businesses together? I know the Walgreens executives have commented in the past that the IT infrastructure at Walgreens needs a little bit of work; I think the same thing is safe to say needs work at Rite Aid. I guess, though, as you try to think about gross synergies versus net synergies from your analysis, is there any more color you can give us there?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: Okay. I'll just -just a quick word on IT. As I touched in the presentation, one of the reasons that we saw a step up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter was our IT program. And so we, as Walgreens Boots Alliance, have been doing a lot of work since the merger how best to structure our IT so that we are able to use our global scale and capability to invest in IT in a cost-efficient way, to best serve the needs of both the business internally, but, most importantly, our customers. So there's a lot of work on IT underway. In terms of the gross synergies, it's really  I mean these will come in the U.S., as we have said, which is why it will become harder to separate out then, as we start to integrate the operations post being able to complete the transaction. But the synergies will come. There will be procurement synergies where there clearly isn't an investment requirement. But then there will be investment over time in areas like in IT and in upgrading the stores, and we will do that in a thoughtful, structured way. We will be looking at stores on a store-by-store basis, as we always do, looking for the returns that we continue to seek. So the investment will always take a little bit longer to come, and it will be done over time because of the nature of that part of the integration takes longer.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And maybe a quick follow-up for Alex if he is still there, can you provide us any early color on what the reimbursement rate environment is looking like for 2016? And how do you effect these conversations to evolve on a longer-term basis once the Rite Aid transaction is closed? Thank you.
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: Yeah, I can't comment on long-term basis. What I can tell you is that we really have anticipated the Med D season and we are now in enrollment. We are pleased; we've been able to expand our partnerships with payers. For example, we announced Aetna as a new partner for us, and we're really pleased with that. So we are feeling  the rates are as planned. Of course, the reduction from last year's rates as planned, as we expected. And we've been able to drive our strategy of improving access, of improving volume through some new partnerships. The commercial ones, as you know we're on three, four-year contracts. And we don't comment on these contracts publicly, as you're aware.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Just one high-level one for Stefano and then just a couple quick ones for George. I guess just from a big-picture perspective, why was getting bigger in the retail space the right move strategically right now? And then I guess more specifically as it relates to that, how much more negotiating leverage do you think this expanded network will give you versus payers and PBMs?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have not done this to increase our negotiating power with payer and PBM. We have done this because we believe that we can extract a lot of synergies, rationalizing the combined company for, I would say, from internal sources and the harmonization of prices in term of harmonization and not improvement, the harmonization of our knowhow; something in software; something of course in the combination of the stores as we were discussing before; something from our products, from our product lines. We are not thinking of really improving our position with the payers because at the end of the day we are in an environment where the margins are decreasing. So it was decreasing. We are in an environment where there is a lot of competition. And the fact that we put together two companies will not reduce the competition  not just the competition among pharmacies. Think of other tandems, think of the mail-order, think of the people who are specialized in certain categories, like the specialty for instance. So there are many people working this area. I don't believe that these will really give up an additional power. But we have not counted on that when we have put together our numbers.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I repeat. We have put together our numbers very, very carefully and very prudently.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then I guess, George, just I'm sure you can appreciate it's very difficult for us to get visibility into the core pharmacy businesses, just given a lot of the moving pieces, not the least of which is the synergies. It looks like the total synergies in the quarter were about $295 million. Is there any sense at all you can give us on how we should be allocating those across the businesses, just to get a little bit better perspective on how the core businesses are tracking?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I mean we very much try and allocate the synergies based on the activities; so I do appreciate that's made the segmental analysis a little tougher for you to follow. But by doing it on this basis of procurement, we really are therefore reflecting where the volume is, where the activity is. And as a result, obviously with the Retail Pharmacy USA being by far our biggest segment, then you should think of the synergies being heavily weighted towards the U.S. segment as the basis I would always think about it. I think as we annualize through as we get to the third quarter, which I guess will be our first clean year-on-year quarter, it will be a little bit easier for you to see. And of course, it's the hard synergies which are the ones that we're quantifying; but really are a lot of what are, in effect, synergies but they're not the ones that we can quantify, these are the ones that are really coming through as we now increasingly have integrated combined management team working very much together on many of the programs, sharing best practice. And that's very much business as usual now, rather than run through each synergy work stream.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's actually really helpful. And then just the last one and, more of a clarification, George. Did I hear you correctly that EPS growth beyond fiscal 2016 is anticipated to be low double digits? And if that's right, any sense you can give us of what's contemplated in capital allocation relative to that target?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: I mean, yes, that's as far as we've indicated, just to try and give you a sense of how we see the business going forward. Sorry, in relation to capital allocation?
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Is that contemplated in the low double-digit target?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: That's got a typical investment program. Absolutely everything is in there. I mean we are being quite prudent as you would expect in these areas.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But when we are talking of next year, there is a point of next year, which if you do the math and take into account the fact that we will not be able to buy $2.2 billion in shares, you will see that the math is quite favorable. But this is substantially inorganic growth. So, in a retail business, to have an organic growth of double-digit, low double-digit is not easy. We have done this for many, many years, I have to say. We have never had one year without double-digit growth in our history. But I can tell you that it's not easy, because it's relatively easy to announce earnings per shares, buying back a lot of shares, or buying additional businesses. The business that we are buying this time will not have effect on next year; so you have to look at the numbers of next year as organic growth.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. George, I just wanted to go back to the synergies on the Rite Aid deal for a minute and just get the time of your expectation on the procurement side. My understanding is that Rite Aid has a relationship with McKesson for procurement that runs through March of 2019. So is the assumption that there is a way to break that relationship and you'll get procurement earlier? Or is it that the timeline is unknown on this, because you may have to wait till the end of the contract?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lisa, first of all, I have to say we have not taken any decision about the contract. Not necessarily we have to change substantially the contract in order to get the synergies we believe we can have. And at the right time, we will discuss with the contract and of course we will try to discuss in the interest of our company, that's obvious. But you don't have to assume the fact that we will change the contract ore will move the contract. Of course, we have a good relationship with ABC; but I have to tell you that we have a lot of respect for McKesson and a lot of respect for Hammergren and Julian. We will see. We will see at the time. It's obvious that we will try to extract as much value as possible.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Stefano, you've talked about the U.S. market open to change, your belief in playing a role. You answered in an earlier question around the small PBM, that that's going to be part of this transaction. But can you maybe just give us any idea as to how you think about that potential role that you play, and from your strategic view how you think the U.S. market is changing, and what role the, say, bigger Walgreens will play here in the U.S.?
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, for sure, I can tell you that I have certain ideas. But before making these ideas public, I like to check this idea with the reality which is around us. Now we have just done a deal. We have just started; we have just announced a potential deal. We have started this deal; for a few months we will be really absorbed in this deal. We will continue to think. But for a few months we will not be able to tell you where we want to go next.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'm sorry, I was just going to say maybe the opportunity here is the beginning of next year. We will get together in January and maybe we'll have some incremental ideas as to how you'll think about this.
Alex Gourlay - Executive Vice President, Walgreens Boots Alliance; President, Walgreens: It's Alex here. I think it's about the patient and the customer having more power and more choice. I think with our fantastic group of people under Walgreens and the brands that they represent in communities across America, that's where we have our biggest opportunity, I think.
Lisa Christine Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that and congratulations on Rite Aid.
Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. We will have time to talk in future.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question that we have time for today will be from the line of Robert Willoughby from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Do you anticipate being able to utilize the Rite Aid NOLs? And how much, George, do you think you can raise from sale-leaseback deals in fiscal 2016?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: Okay, on the latter one, we're continuing to evaluate what is the best capital structure going forward. We've obviously, as you can see, done quite a bit of sales and leaseback in the last particular year.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: We haven't set an internal target. We will continue just to work through this in the normal way, but very committed to having an efficient balance sheet, as I said on many occasions. That's the answer to the second one. So the first one was...
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: The Rite Aid NOLs.
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: The Rite Aid NOLs, we'd anticipate over time being able to utilize the NOLs.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just the clarity on the sales-leaseback, Walgreens had own 20% of their stores. I mean do you envision bringing that number down meaningfully over time, whatever the period?
George Fairweather - Executive Vice President & Global Chief Financial Officer: I mean, what I would answer is I'm not wedded on having to own Retail Pharmacy locations. Clearly there will be certain locations where it may be the right thing to do, but it's not something that I feel is necessary for our business model. So we will continue to look to operate there. We will continue to look at a sale and leaseback where we believe it's the right thing to do. Really taking, too, into account the timing of or the tenure of leases and when the lease breaks off, so that we have a balance in our portfolio going forward and don't have a bunching of lease breaks all at the same time. So we'll be doing this, looking at this in a thoughtful way over time is the way I would position it.
Robert McEwen Willoughby - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the final question we have time for. Thank you for joining us. We know that there are many others of you that had questions. Please reach out to the IR team here and we will answer them and address them as best we can. I should say that we go back into our next quiet period on December 1, so we have a comparatively short open period. Management have been very generous with their time, and we will try and get to as many of you as we can during that period. But please bear with us. You'll appreciate with an agreement as well as our results we have a very busy few weeks ahead of us. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program. And you may all disconnect your telephone lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gerald Gradwell - SVP, IR and Special Projects Stefano Pessina - Executive Vice Chairman and CEO  George Fairweather - EVP, Global CFO and Principal Accounting Officer  Alex Gourlay - EVP of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and President of Walgreens
Analysts: Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Lisa Gill - JPMorgan George Hill - Deutsche Bank Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alvin Concepcion - Citi Mark Wiltamuth - Jefferies Ross Muken - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to your host, Gerald Gradwell. Please go ahead.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you Stephanie and good morning everyone. Welcome to our fiscal 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. Today Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and George Fairweather, our Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer will take you through our third quarter results. Also joining us on the call and available for question is Alex Gourlay, Executive Vice President and President of Walgreens. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call this presentation and a webcast will be archived on our website for 12 months.  Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current markets competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law we undertake no obligation to update publically any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.  As a reminder today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the appendix, to the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Stefano for some opening comments. 
Stefano Pessina: Thank you Gerald. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fiscal third quarter earnings call. The past six months have been significant for us in delivering on the benefit of the merger and structuring the business for the future, but there is a lot more to do. As you have seen today, I have been appointed by the Board as Chief Executive Officer, replacing the Interim appointment that I was previously fulfilling. The Board has decided that bearing in mind the pace of change and the amount that we have still to do, there is a benefit to stability at the senior level in the organization and to focus on the operational and strategic task before us, rather than appointing, orientating, and educating someone new to the business during the period.  The role presents me with certain personal and logistical challenges, but with the support of the Board and particularly of Jim Skinner as our Executive Chairman, I have agreed to accept the appointment in the best interest of the company, my colleagues, and of course my fellow shareholders. Today, I am pleased to be announcing another strong financial performance, in deed the first quarter to reflect a full three months of the combined company. Although it may not always appear so from outside the business, it has been a very busy period for us since I last talked to you. As I have mentioned, our focus has naturally been on putting in place the changes and the restructuring we need in order to deliver the full benefits of the enlarged company and position the company for growth in the immediate long term. Given that the deal was consummated only six months ago, we are still in the early stages of this process, but we have been working hard and fast to deliver on our plan, in fact better than our plan, and I am pleased to say that the benefits of this work are already beginning to be seen in our results with reasonable growth in revenues and margins and continuous strong cash generation. Really, the first avenues in which you can see the impact are tight cost control and disciplined financial management, but I want to assure you that we give our operations the investment they need to grow and prosper. We have accelerated our cost reduction process and have reaped certain benefits earlier than expected in this quarter. Of course, we cannot extract these benefits more than once. However, the process of identifying benefits is ongoing, not final, so when we have completed this first wave of restructuring, we will reveal it and review all areas of our business to identify further potential cost saving. I must commend my colleagues throughout the company for their willingness and openness to accept change even when it is most uncomfortable in the interest of improving and growing our company, and I would assure them that change is a sign of life and if embraced in this manner, it becomes more of an ally than an enemy. Its a reminder that while we must prioritize our work if we have to achieve everything we want to and promise to, we cannot ignore any element of the business when it comes to our [indiscernible] for efficiency and best practice.  I will handover to George now for him to take you through the results for the quarter and give you some color on what I have just said. George?
George Fairweather: Thank you Stefano. Good morning everyone, and good afternoon to those listening in Europe. Today, I will begin my remarks by taking you through key highlights of our fiscal 2015 third quarter results. I will then give you some insights into the performance of each of our three divisions before updating you on progress we have made in implementing our cost savings and continuing to execute our synergy programs. I will conclude by taking you through our updated guidance for fiscal year 15 and comment on our fiscal year 16 goals. As Stefano said, the benefits of the work carried out since Walgreens Boots Alliance was formed at the end of December are already beginning to be seen in our financial results, enabling us to deliver another strong quarter. Looking at the highlights, net sales for the quarter were $28.8 billion, an increase of 48.4% versus the comparable quarter in the prior year. Operating income on a GAAP basis was $1.4 billion and on an adjusted basis was $1.7 billion. The increase in adjusted operating income was driven by the consolidation of Alliance Boots as well as growth in our retail pharmacy USA segment. GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were $1.3 billion or $1.18 per diluted share, while adjusted net earnings were $1.1 billion or $1.02 per diluted share. This represents an increase of 59.5% in GAAP net earnings per diluted share and an increase of 22.9% in adjusted earnings per diluted share over the comparable quarter in the prior year. Net interest expense in the quarter was $151 million and our adjusted tax rate was 30%. Finally, the average number of diluted shares outstanding for the quarter was $1.1 billion. This includes the cost of 144 million shares issued on the 31st December as part of the second step consideration for Alliance Boots. It should also be noted that the third quarter results last year included three-month equity earnings as a result of Walgreens 45% interest in Alliance Boots compared to fully consolidated results in this year's third quarter.  Now I will take you through the walk from GAAP diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS. GAAP earnings of $1.18 per diluted share for the quarter reconciles to adjusted earnings of $1.02 per diluted share. The net adjustment of $0.16 per share reflect additions of $0.05 of LIFO provision cost in retail pharmacy USA, $0.06 of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and an additional $0.11 of restructuring related costs, from our cost optimization and store closure programs.  These additions were more than offset by removal of $0.29 gain on our warrants to acquire Amerisource Bergen shares and a net 9% gain from special items, which include the release of a capital loss valuation allowance totaling $0.12 combined with a $0.01 loss on the sale of Walgreens infusion services, and $0.02 from an adjusted tax rate true-up.  So, now I will take you through the performance of each of our divisions in the quarter. To remind you, our results are reported in three segments; Retail Pharmacy USA, Retail Pharmacy International, and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. The segmental reporting includes the allocation of synergy benefits, including WBAD, as well as an allocation of corporate related overhead costs. Responding to feedback received at our Analyst Day in April, you will see that we are providing additional detail on segmental performance within the press release and in this presentation. This quarter, we have provided gross profit, SG&A and operating profit on a GAAP and adjusted basis for each of our segments. We plan to continue this practice going forward.  So now let's start with the Retail Pharmacy USA segment. Retail Pharmacy USA total sales for the quarter were $20.4 billion an increase of 5.3% over the third quarter in the prior year. Please remember of course that we sold the majority stake in Walgreens infusion services on the 7th of April. With our minority position our share of earnings in the company now flow through the post-tax earnings from equity method investments in the income statement. Sales in the division, on a comparable store basis, increased by 6.3%. SG&A on a GAAP basis was $4.5 billion and on an adjusted basis was $4.3 billion.  We continued to see strong progress in controlling SG&A expenses this quarter, including benefits associated with our cost savings program. This is a significant driver, of the quarterly year-on-year performance. As a result GAAP operating income for Retail Pharmacy USA was $1 billion while adjusted operating income was $1.3 billion.  So looking now at the pharmacy part of Retail Pharmacy USA in more detail; comparable store sales for pharmacy were up 9.1% for the quarter. We sold 226 million prescriptions, including immunizations on a 30-day adjusted basis. That was an increase of 3.8% over last year's quarter with prescriptions filled in comparable stores up 4.1%.  We continue to see a positive impact and further growth in Medicare Part D scripts along with positive underlying share trends. Our retail prescription market share on a 30-day adjusted basis increased to 19.3% in the quarter, up 20 basis points. The benefit of positive sales growth was however substantially offset by Pharmacy gross margin pressure, consistent with our expectations. Retail product sales increased by 2% in total, comparable store sales increasing by 1.6%. The growth in retail sales was driven by performance in key destination categories, including health and wellness. We're pleased with our progress in driving profitable sales growth and margin expansion, while at the same time focusing on operating efficiencies and focusing on working capital efficiencies. Additionally we continue to enhance our successful Balance Rewards program by recently releasing Balanced Rewards with everyday points. We now provide our active customers with a more consistent platform to receive loyalty points on most pharmacy and retail product transactions. We also encourage healthy life style choices by awarding points for positive health and well-being decisions. So turning now to the results of our Retail Pharmacy International division; for Retail Pharmacy International division pharmacy led health in beauty retail businesses in eight countries. At the end of the quarter we operated 4,565 retail stores and adding -- net increase six doors during the quarter. As a reminder our biggest operations are Boots in the UK followed by Mexico. We've also retail pharmacies in Chile, Thailand, Norway, The Republic of Ireland, The Netherlands and Lithuania. Total sales in the division for the quarter were $3.3 billion. GAAP operating income was $205 million, while adjusted operating income was $249 million. Adjusted operating margin at 7.6% for the quarter was 1.5 percentage points higher than in the second quarter, which remember included only January and February performance. The margin is typically lower in these early months of the year reflecting the seasonality of sales. So now let's look more closely the performance for the division. On a pro forma constant currency basis comparable store sales growth for the quarter was 3.1%. This reflects Boots UK growth of 2.4% complemented by higher growth in emerging markets, most notably in Mexico and Chile, where we are making good progress in integrating these businesses, acquired by Alliance Boots in August 2014. In the UK Boots resale sales were driven by good performance in both the beauty and retail health care categories. Orders on our UK website at boots.com and orders during the quarter were up approximately 50% over the same period last year with approximately two-thirds of our website orders collected in store. At our Analyst Day back in April we talked about the importance of our product brands. We're very pleased with the growth in sales during the quarter of No7, our award winning beauty brand. This was in part due to the May launch of a new marketing program in the UK, the No7 Protect & Perfect ADVANCED Serum. We were able to state for the first time in the UK that this innovative product was the first serum clinically proven to deliver ground breaking anti-wrinkle results that get even better over time.  As well as developing our existing product brands we continue to add brands to our portfolio, which resonates with our customers. Following on from the acquisition of Soap & Glory last year we are delighted to announce today that we've acquired Liz Earle from Avon. Liz Earle is an award winning premium skin care range that uses naturally active ingredients and is recognized as one of the leading botanical brands in the UK. So turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division. Pharmaceutical Wholesale division total sales for the quarter were $5.7 billion. On a pro forma basis, which assumes constant currency and excludes acquisitions and disposals, sales increased 0.2% compared with the same quarter in the prior year. As we discussed in the last earnings call, Wholesale performance in any quarter is impacted by performance in larger geographies, including the UK, Germany, France and Turkey as well as by the unique business model.  GAAP operating income for the division was $162 million, while adjusted operating income was $171 million. Adjusted operating income margin was 3%, broadly flat versus the second quarter and consistent with our expectations. The key driver of profit growth continues to be our synergy program. Net synergies in the third quarter totaled $194 million, making a total of $504 million for the fiscal year-to-date. As we've said before synergies this year continue to come primarily from our drug procurement activities. As you can see from the numbers, we're on track to reach our target of at least $650 million of net synergies in fiscal year 2015.  For fiscal 2016 we continue to expect at least $1 billion of combined quantifiable net synergies. As we work increasingly close together as a combined management team, there are of course an increasing number of other synergies being identified and actioned, many of which are simply not practicable to quantify. Consistent with our prior reporting these synergies are allocated across each segment and do not include any benefit from our relationship with the AmerisourceBergen.  At the same time as driving our synergy program, as you know we are very focused on costs. As previously announced we have a target of $1.5 billion goal of cost saving to be delivered by the end of fiscal 2017. The expected pretax charges associated with this program as previously stated are between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion of which the cash component is expected to be approximately 60%.  Good progress was made during the quarter in reorganizing our retail pharmacy USA field operations, but we're continuing on the optimization of the division's corporate office. Of the approximately 200 planned U.S. store closures in the program nine stores were closed in the quarter with approximately 70 to 80 additional stores planned to be closed by the end of the fiscal year. We've also reduced the IT cost structure in the USA to help enable significant store system investments over the coming years. In addition, during June we announced a reduction of approximately 700 non store-based roles in Retail Pharmacy International. During the quarter we incurred pretax charges of $160 million on the program. These comprised $102 million of asset impairments, $34 million of severance cost and real estate costs of $24 million. So moving on now to cash flow and the deployments of capital. GAAP operating cash flow was $1.8 billion in the quarter and $4.2 billion in the first nine months of the year. Free cash flow was $1.6 billion in the quarter and $3.3 billion in the first nine months of the year. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $11.8 billion. Investing to drive future growth is our first priority for capital deployment, both in terms of capital expenditure and selective M&A. During the quarter we invested $247 million in capital expenditure, making a total of $890 million for the first nine months of the year. Key areas for capital investment continue to store investments as well as IT and digital capabilities, which are vital to building and maintaining a sustainable competitive advantage and are increasing Omni channel work.  To some degree this quarter disproportionally benefitted from the imposition of stricter capital investment controls. And while we expect to maintain a rigid control on capital expenditure to assure appropriate returns on every dollar we spend we will clearly not deprive the business of the investment it needs to thrive. You should therefore expect to see future quarters return to a slightly higher level of capital expenditure than we are reporting today. We remain focused on generating cash through working capital efficiencies, particularly in Retail Pharmacy USA. A primary area of focus is inventory management, both in pharmacy and retail products. For the quarter we improved our inventory days of supply in the U.S. by approximately six days versus the prior year quarter. We continue to see further opportunity for working capital improvements over time. At the same time we are working hard to optimize our real estate assets, including carrying out sale and lease back transactions. In the third quarter we executed approximately $300 million of such transactions.  As we have said previously our philosophy is to run an efficient balance sheet. As such we completed approximately $237 million of share repurchases in the quarter against our $3 billion authorization, bringing the total purchases under this program to $331 million. The program is ongoing and we remain committed to completing the plan by the end of fiscal 2016. In addition we announced today that in order for us to manage our balance sheet we are intending to redeem legacy Walgreens bonds with relatively short periods until they expire for the total principal amount of approximately $1.75 billion. This redemption will be funded from existing cash resources. You will see that cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.4 billion at quarter end, so you have the capacity to do this and continue to exercise on our share repurchase program. So turning to the dividend, we announced today a 6.7% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.36 per share. This raises the annual rate from $1.35 per share to $1.44 per share. We remain committed to a long-term dividend payout ratio target of 30% to 35%.  So now, let me talk about the full year outlook for fiscal 2015. In our second quarter earnings release we had issued an adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.45 to $3.65 for fiscal year 2015. Given our solid third quarter results and increased visibility as we look to the year-end we are pleased to both increase and narrow our adjusted EPS fiscal year guidance to a range of $3.70 to $3.80. This range assumes adjusted interest expense of approximately $150 million in the fourth quarter, a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 29%, a fiscal year diluted share count of approximately 1.05 billion shares and estimates for foreign exchange rate that reflect current market rates over the balance of the fiscal year.  I remind you that when we issued our fiscal year 15 guidance in April we viewed the second half of the fiscal year differently than the first half. Specifically we indicated that adjusted earnings per diluted share would be lower in the second half, with the third quarter being higher than the fourth quarter. As we update our guidance this still holds true. We expect quarter four adjusted earnings per diluted share to be sequentially lower for the following reasons. The primary component is seasonality, which impact sales and product mix. The summer months tend to be our weakest, particularly in our retail pharmacy USA segment. Within the U.S. we tend to see sequential declines in the growth of both pharmacy volume and retail product sales. Also as we continue to work through our cost plan in the U.S. the phasing and timing of certain expenses will impact the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. So moving on to fiscal year 2016, we are reaffirming our previously stated adjusted EPS goal for fiscal year 2016 of $4.25 to $4.60. This range assumes that annual adjusted tax rate in high 20s, a full weighted average diluted share count of approximately 1.1 billion and no significant changes to current currency exchange rates.  Please remember of course that since we established the goal a year ago weve seen material appreciation of the dollar. As you know, we have currency translation exposure based primarily on movements in the Pound Sterling versus the dollar. And as a reminder we estimate that a 1% move in Pounds Sterling versus dollar from current levels would impact our adjusted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. Given the current situation in Greece where we fortunately have no business interest we anticipate a certain level of volatility in the currency markets in forthcoming months.  So with that I will turn the call back to Stefano. 
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So I hope that you will agree that these are a very solid set of results. This level of [ph] -- and we are far from being complacent about the challenges we face and the hard work it will take to deliver everything we want and thats our mission. But we are making good progress and traveling in the right direction. And I believe all of my colleagues recognize the challenges and work will be needed to overcome them. But are as convinced as ever about the immense potential of our company as a global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise.  We are in markets that are changing, here in the U.S. where you are seeing this quite dramatically. But as I have said many times that we are at the beginning of a new chapter for our company and are actively reviewing every opportunity that the changing environment offers us, as we work to deliver the true potential of our company. I strongly believe that we have a significant role to play in shaping the future of our industry.  I thank you for your continued support and but also acknowledge that the best way to thank you is to deliver on our plans. And I can assure you we fully intend to continue to do so.  With that I think we will open it up for questions, Gerald?
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Stephanie you want to take over? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first comes from Meredith Adler with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Meredith Adler: Thank you very much and I'm asking questions for myself and Eric Percher, who is not available today. I think our main question would be talking about the big difference, the spread between the growth in pharmacy scripts and the growth in dollars. Maybe you could talk a little bit about what the drivers are, some of it is Hep C, but maybe you could talk a little bit about inflation in both branded and generic drugs. And then I will have one other question. 
Alex Gourlay: Good morning. Alex here. Thanks for the question. Yeah, the inflation we're managing the effect of that inflation pretty well in the business. We have very good plans and the team has done a good job to get that done. So one of the difference in the space we are seeing is generic inflation, but we are managing that effect really pretty satisfactorily. And that of course is built into our future guidance as well. 
Meredith Adler: Would you describe inflation in branded pharmaceuticals as a positive for the margin?
George Fairweather: I think it's marginal at the moment in terms of that. But again, for example, slight improvement because of generic -- as generics come in the market, both this year and next year. But again, the key thing here is that we forecasted this, we're planning it, and its really consistent with our expectations. 
Stefano Pessina: If I can add something, you have also to take into account that we have different businesses in our company. And some of these businesses like the wholesale business or like WBAD are taking advantage of certain inflation. 
Meredith Adler: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then I just have a follow-up question to talk about on the front end margin improved and I think you've talked about, not just the operating margin but the gross margin. Maybe you could talk a little bit about changes that you might have made in terms of promotional strategies or the way you are marketing that might have driven a better gross margin in the front end.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, Meredith, its Alex again. Yeah, we've been really on this strategy now for five quarters. So we're pleased with the progress we're making. The key things that we have done is that we stopped really promotions that were driving sales, particularly in some consumable categories, but not really helping the product at all. And we are focused much more on the mix, and making sure that we're much more focused on really the health and wellness in beauty care categories, and that's really proven beneficial and as George said in the script today, we have launched a new platform called Everyday Points and that is to make sure again that people who are coming to us more regularly and are picking up on the destination categories are getting a better platform and more reasons to come back to Walgreens.  No, it's still early days. We have a lot of work to do and a lot of opportunity ahead of us and it will be step by step process, but the basic things we're doing is reducing unprofitable promotions and making sure that we focus more investment in our best customers and more investments in our destination categories. 
Meredith Adler: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim. Your line is open. 
John Heinbockel: So two questions, one on Walgreen USA costs, what would you guys peg the normal increase, annual increase in SG&A at? It would be 2% to 3% absent cost cutting and then of the $1.5 billion that you identified, did you see any of that in the third quarter, and how much, and what do you think you see in the fourth? And then just lastly it did look like pharmacy margin improved a decent amount sequentially, which was a little surprising, what were the couple of things that may have driven that?
Stefano Pessina: Alex, maybe you can. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, there are a number of questions there John. So good morning again. So starting over with the cost question, I think as George said really, clearly, we made solid progress against our $1.5 billion cost program, and of course we started a bit earlier in the U.S. in terms of what we announced. And I would say that we are seeing SG&A in the U.S. business down slightly year-on-year on a comparative basis, which is pleasing but also really what we had planned to do. And I think as George also said there is a bit of phasing here between quarter three and quarter four, and importantly from a continuation of business point of view, we are in quarter four this year. We're making sure that we'll continue to invest in the things that customers value the most from us to make sure we keep the growth going forward and investing more in our customers and more in the things that customers sees.  Again finally on the cost side, again as George has said, we started some of the restructuring, we closed, I think George said, nine stores in the previous quarter, and we are on track to close another 80 to 90 in the period ahead. Again, that's very much on plan and benefits still to come over a period of time.
George Fairweather: I think John, you also asked a question on pharmacy margin, and really just reinforcing what I said earlier, we did see in the U.S. the positive sales growth but that was substantially offset by the pharmacy gross margin pressure, but that was absolutely consistent with our expectation, so there is no change from what we were expecting when we last talked to you. 
John Heinbockel: Did it get better sequentially or no, right. 
George Fairweather: We're talking about here -- obviously we're reporting John on year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter, but it really was -- it was as we expected. I mean when the renewals come through and what we're seeing is what we were expecting.
Stefano Pessina: The market, its Stefano here, of course the market it's evolving. What is important is to be able to anticipate what happens and to take this into account when you budget and I believe that this year we are doing exactly this. We are absolutely aligned with what we were expecting.
John Heinbockel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Lisa Gill : Hi, thanks very much and good morning. Stefano, you talked about the challenges that the U.S. market and other markets are facing. We hear CMS talking about 50% of payments moving towards what they are calling fee for value. Can you talk about strategically, where do you think Walgreens needs to be positioned, we're seeing lots of consolidation, whether it's managed care or other players, is it that you need to be the biggest retail provider in the U.S. and therefore best positioned to partner with those, that are taking on risks, do you view yourself as more of a risk bearing entity overtime, how do you think about your relationship, whether its with managed care or PBMs and strengthening those going forward?
Stefano Pessina: I have said many times, that I believe that the American markets will go through a substantial wave of consolidation horizontally and vertically. I have said very clearly that we want to be part of this, at the right time with the right partner. We are open to any kind of combination which could improve the value of our company and we are looking actively around us to understand which is the best option for us. But please dont forget that we are looking actively not just in the U.S. but even in other countries because we consider ourselves a global company.
Lisa Gill : And would you say that the priorities are more U.S. driven or globally driven or does it depend on the specific opportunity that comes across your desk?
Stefano Pessina: Well, the priority is that the deal that you can do, and it depends where you can fit.
Lisa Gill : Okay great. And then just my follow-up question would just be around the synergies and you talked a lot about them coming from the procurement side of things. Can you maybe talk about where you think you are George, or Alex or Stefano as far as what inning are we in, and as far as on obtaining that the synergies that you expected from WBAD, are we close to getting the full benefit from them or is there still a good portion of the future synergies that will still come from the procurement side?
Stefano Pessina: We are absolutely inline with what we were forecasting and maybe George you can give more details, but we will do what we were expecting and what we announced.
George Fairweather: What I would just add to that is what I said is that we are very much on track to achieve the target this year and our -- the goal of $1 billion, from what I would describe as hard quantifiable synergies that we can measure. But what we are really seeing as the -- now that we are a merged organization, we are seeing lots of other areas of best practice and ideas that we are sharing, that we are implementing. But clearly as we become more and more integrated these are the simply the sites that you cannot quantify to the standard that you can put in a number and we are very much moving through this, into this phase.  And those types of synergies, as we know from previous transactions I remember from the merger of Alliance UniChem and Boots, these are very important synergies and we can see them time and time again we are moving people around more and these are really what will help us to become a much, much stronger organization.
Stefano Pessina: I would add George, that as you said we are thinking of the buying synergies -- certain synergies which are quite evident and we can easily forecast. But there would be for sure, as you are saying, George many synergies that will appear evident, become evident in future because when you put two companies together you find ways for years, I would say, for three, four years you find new ways to deliver synergies.
Lisa Gill : Okay, great and congratulations Stefano on becoming CEO. I am glad that they named you so.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill: Good morning or good afternoon guys, based upon on where you are and thanks for taking the questions. First one is for Alex. People have jumped in a bit on what margins have looked like. I guess we are further along in the year. Can you talk about what payer negotiations are looking like for kind of 1.1.16 [ph] contract restarts and I guess if things are proceeding according to expectation and how that squares with the fiscal 16 guidance that you guys have provided?
Alex Gourlay: Hi George, yeah absolutely. So really as we expected and square on the guidance that we have given as well and I think the team have done a good job again in anticipating and making sure that weve projected well and managed, as you said, in a very good way.
George Hill: Okay and then a follow-up I guess for George and for Stefano, which is, we're not too far away now from March of '16 when the first tranche of the ABC warrants become exercisable. I guess should we think about whether not there is any contribution from ABC equity earnings built into the fiscal '16 guidance and does Walgreens want to be a larger stock owner of Amerisource Bergen or should we think of the warrants as a value creation vehicle for Walgreens? Thank you.
Stefano Pessina: When we did the deal, we did the deal of course to improve our profit but also for strategic reasons because as you know we have always believed that a better coordination between wholesalers and retailers again create quite substantial synergy. So the reason for the deal are still there. So we will -- we have announced that what we intend to do and at the right time you will see the effect of these agreements.
George Fairweather: Really not a lot to add to that. I mean we will look at the right time, take the decision at the time. In terms of the accounting again, we will also look at that at the appropriate time. But from where we are today that when we direct the size of the warrant spend we anticipate being able to account for that as an equity method investment but clearly that will be -- it would have to be confirmed and discussed as to where we direct that.
George Hill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser : Hi, good morning and congratulations on the quarter. Just a couple of questions here. First of all, just George you highlighted some of the differences between this quarter and upcoming quarter. Can you just share with us more details on the headwinds versus the tailwinds that we should be thinking of between the fourth and third quarter?
George Fairweather: I think really the first point to come through, as I sort of touched in the prepared comments was the primary component that we got to think about is the seasonality between the quarters which impact the sales and product mix. I'm thinking about the summer months very much tends to be our weakest months particularly in Alexs business at Retail Pharmacy USA segment, where we would see typically the sequential declines in the growth of both pharmacy volume and retail product sales.  The other factor is when the phasing and timing of certain expenses are, from in terms of the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter and clearly when you go through the sort of programs that we are letting you try and [indiscernible] with you, but equally you need to keep everyone very focused on the business and driving through all the programs that Alex is working on. So there is always an element of timing on those where they eventually and how quickly we can deliver some of those. We are clearly going as fast as we feel we can in a straight line.  Theres other areas I talked about, I mean clearly currency is a factor, as I touched on. But increasingly we have in terms of the internal factors we got pretty good visibility to our forecasting process and hence we're confident to both narrow and increase the guidance range for this year.
Ricky Goldwasser : And when we -- you talked about, I think shutting -- closing down another 70 to 80 stores in the upcoming quarter. So should we see that through the gross margin line or the SG&A line?
George Fairweather: Yeah, you see that particularly through the SG&A line. Obviously we lose a few sales, but mostly sales weve successfully transferred into adjacent stores. I think as you know we also closed a number of stores last year and we got up [indiscernible] more and we feel very confident of those. So the SG&A will come down and overall we will benefit and we will lose a few sales and a few bps of margin.
Ricky Goldwasser : Okay, great and then one market related question. We are seeing a lot of kind of like your competitors making strategic moves around specialty. When you think about kind of like specialty as an opportunity for you, do you think that this is something that you can build internally by leveraging retail infrastructure in the U.S.? Or is this something that you think you need to go outside to add these capabilities. And also how you think about the specialty opportunity, U.S. versus ex-U.S. in Europe? 
Stefano Pessina: We don't exclude any opportunities. We are looking around, as I -- as we have said many times that we are analyzing all the opportunities for growth that we have. And at the right time and if the right opportunities come we'll be able to face them. 
George Fairweather: Yeah and if I can also add as well, Ricky that we are very focused on organic growth as well. We have got a very good model in the USA in community pharmacy and we're building relationships there with the doctors and with also you need access to get [indiscernible], also, and theres like HIV and cystic fibrosis we have opportunities that we can grow organically. So again we are not talking. This is an important business for us, and we are growing organically specifically in the USA.
Ricky Goldwasser : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Robert Jones: Thanks for the questions and Stefano congratulations on the appointment. Obviously a number of moving pieces, but just really trying to get a better gauge of the underlying core U.S. business. And you guys talked about making good progress on the restructuring program, but is there any more details you can share with us on the savings that you've been able to generate to date? And then any break down of those savings, obviously across the segments would be really helpful in us being able to track the underlying business a little bit better. 
Stefano Pessina: We have an effort to be as clear as possible. 
George Fairweather: I really appreciate, I think here is what's [indiscernible] coming through and obviously what we said at the last time we were -- it was not practical for us to work through and try and restate everything on a comparable basis at the cost side and the margin side both. So that's why we tried to give you the adjusted figures. Clearly in terms of the cost savings program that is the big -- it is primarily in retail pharmacy USA, as we said the last time, but we are progressing in international but that is much, much more further on the program. But we're very much on track with where we expect to be, as I said earlier it wont necessarily [ph] go in a straight line and a disciplined structured way.  That's why we tried to give you little bit of a feel when you're actually looking at comparability I tried to touch on the retail pharmacy international margin, which I know some of you felt was perhaps a little bit lower than you were expecting in the second quarter but it only had two months in and that is a seasonable business. And the last quarter was the time when we seasonally we had lower sales, clearly we come out to the important Christmas time then we get the leverage of the fixed cost base, and that when the net margins will start -- will reflect that when you get seasonality. I do appreciate, how tricky it is to model which is why we gave the guidance going forward. 
Robert Jones : No, I respect that too and I understand the comparability year-over-year is tough. I guess I was talking more specifically about just identifying what the cost cutting was in the actual quarter, this quarter itself. And maybe I missing something but I wouldn't think that would be that difficult to identify store closing, headcount reduction. 
Alex Gourlay: If I can maybe help a little bit, I mean we've done a good review of all of the projects that we are focusing in Q2. I think we've been really clear within the business, that we are focusing back in our core business of retail pharmacy frontend products, specialty. And therefore all of the other areas where we are building out, maybe potential future products we looked at to reduce the spend in some of these areas, to get more focused back on the core business.  So that really has been visiting our projects and we are really very confidence that the four [ph] and the $1.5 billion in savings that can be achieved.
Robert Jones: Yeah, fair enough. 
George Fairweather: To really reinforce what Alex just said, we've been putting a lot of internal work into the whole process of how we evaluate new initiatives, how we track initiatives. The graphs are not working and then you stop them, you don't let them drag on, if something really isn't working, you give it a good go and you stop it, new initiatives we've got a lot of, what I would describe as financial rigor that has been increasingly put in place really over the last 12 months. Alex you have put a lot in place when you took overall responsibility for the Walgreens business and we're continuing to do that. And I think it's that rigor that we're seeing then in terms of some of the SG&A coming through. 
Robert Jones: That makes sense. And I guess just one quick follow-up on Part D network specifically, there was a big initiative from your predecessors to get deeper into some of these preferred networks. I am curious how the economics of those networks have compared to your expectation. I know its only about six months in. And then based on that feedback, any thoughts on your continued participation in these preferred networks going forward. Thanks. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, hi, its Alex again. No, this is a really important customer, a really important market segment, its a segment thats growing rapidly. So we remain very committed to this and in terms of, as I've said before we are in terms of next years plans have almost completed all the contracts to their expectations in terms of margins that we planned for. So very committed to this business and we are [indiscernible], next year. Importantly for us of course we are only at the end of first stage. The second stage we just have, how do you make sure that you really look after the patients and the customers who come to your pharmacy and make sure you get the appropriate level of pull through in volume for your assets and that's the bit we are now turning attention to. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alvin Concepcion with Citi. Your line is open. 
Alvin Concepcion: Hi. Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter and congratulations, Stefano. My question is just really around beauty, just curious how the tests are going in New York and Phoenix, are there any findings you could share from that? Particularly interested in if you think you're getting a sales lift in the aisle and if you're seeing much traction from No7.
Stefano Pessina: Of course you know the importance that we give to our brands and No7 is having a fantastic brand in the UK and internationally and it's one of our really hope for the future in daily wear [ph], but maybe Alex you can say what you are doing now for No7 and what you are expecting from it? 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. We rolled No7 in to just over 400 Walgreens and Duane Reade stores in Phoenix and then in New York City. And the Phoenix is just over 12 months old and we will be able to measure the impact both on No7 sales, on Boots brand product sales and also on the beauty piece, and we're pleased with what we're seeing. So we are now trying to plan for the next stage of evolution of No7 and the Boots brand in Walgreens and the Duane Reade in the USA and we'll come out with these plans when they're ready, but we are pleased with the results.  Personally I am also pleased that we were able to acquire [indiscernible] I think in the previous quarter and also here this morning Liz Earle, going forward the more unique products that we're able to get into the Walgreens beauty and healthcare offer than more unique that will make our offer going forwards in what is a very competitive marketplace.  So again very pleased with the brands performance, very pleased with the progress that Ken Murphy and the team has made and the brand organization is still very young and looking forward to getting these unique products in front of our customers in Walgreens in the future. 
Alvin Concepcion: And as a follow-up what were you thinking for the timing of the full rollout? 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, we'll comeback with that. I mean we're really, I said before, we're just doing the work now, weve got to get this right. This is a bigger space, its fantastic brand as Stefano said in Europe and is growing really well in Europe. So we'll comeback when we're ready but we are not in position. 
Alvin Concepcion: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Mark Wiltamuth: Hi. I just wanted to inquire how comparable the US SG&A number is on a year-over-year basis, because it looked like there were some overhead allocations that changed versus a year ago. 
George Fairweather: I mean that they're not directly comparable, because clearly the -- with the corporate expense for example, as I said in my presentation, has to get allocated across the three divisions. Clearly we are also allocating the synergies which we talked about in terms of where the economic benefit is. So those results unfortunately are not directly comparable. And so that -- they come with a very big health warning. But I think what we have said is we are very pleased with the progress that we're making in reducing SG&A and we're very much on target to deliver the program that we announced in the last quarter. 
Mark Wiltamuth: So the numbers that are presented were down, but I guess on an apples-to-apples basis was the SG&A percentage down?
George Fairweather: I'd say on an apples -- there isn't apples-and-apples basis. That's the -- I guess that's the challenge that we got and simply and I think we said at the time we did the deal our priority was to get the deal done quickly. But one of the things that, that did enable us to do was to go back and rework everything on an apples-and-apples basis. But we're making good progress, that's the key message that I can see. But I know [indiscernible] its not getting everything [indiscernible]. 
Mark Wiltamuth: Okay and I understand you're not announcing the international segments year-ago performance as well. But is there anything you can give us in terms of health indicators for margin and profitability on those international segments even though you dont have a GAAP presentation for us. 
George Fairweather: I think we can say that we're pleased with the performance at Retail Pharmacy International. Obviously Boots is the largest component that we're delivering solid performance in a market where there are quite a lot of challenges in that market that you see what's happening in some of the supermarkets sector for example. But I think this demonstrates that the strength of the offer, it's very important, of the differentiated retail offer particularly in beauty where Boots is renowned. We got out a very strong loyalty card program out. So obviously the great work thats been done here and taking Balance Rewards forward, the advanced card program equally important in the UK.  And then the piece what I touched on my presentation is really Omni channel where ordering online through Boots.com and picking up in store is important and of course with the geography that we got in the UK and the 2,500 points we can do that. And we can actually leverage our wholesale organization for delivery and we're able to do that in a profitable way that really meets the expectations of our customer. So that's the key point -- component in that. And wholesale, in any year like being in a number of markets you get markets that perform better and markets that are more challenging. Its just the way it always is but the divisions delivered a solid performance and as its continued to do for many years. 
Mark Wiltamuth: And just on the International Retail Pharmacy, there was some commentary in the analyst meeting that the margin focus for growth was really shifting away to more of a sales growth story. Was there gross margin declines as you go through that transition to driving sales?
George Fairweather: We've not -- we've obviously not given the specifics on the comparability, because we don't have the numbers on that same U.S. GAAP, U.S. GAAP basis. But I continue to say that the business has performed solidly, and we are pleased with the performance in what's been a tough retail environment in the UK and thats fundamentally important. On the NHS side, on the -- the pharmacy side clearly the government seeks to continue to contain growth in healthcare expenditure. And so we haven't seen the details of the settlement yet, thats probably going to be towards the option, well have to wait and see on the timing on that. But we continue to see pressure in that area as we've seen for a number of years. So no real change but that pressure continues.
Mark Wiltamuth: Okay, thank you for the color.
Gerald Gradwell: Stephanie I think we have time for just one more caller please, if we could.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Hi good morning guys and congrats. So as you think about sort of the M&A landscape happening around you, obviously as far as you talked about lots of consolidation happening in managed care, weve seen it in generics, weve seen in the PDM space, where do you think, in terms of what is happening around you, its most relevant to kind of your business or what are you watching most? And how do you think, particularly on the managed care side any of the changes there, how does that make you think about your longer term positioning from a healthcare perspective in this market?
Stefano Pessina: As I have said we can clearly see the need or the opportunity for horizontal and vertical consolidation in our industry and this is happening. In reality I believe that this is a good news for us because the consolidation, the horizontal consolidation will create a clear market and will give us more opportunities in future. What we will be able to do specifically is a little too early to say, but I repeat we want to be one of the players in this space and we see a lot of opportunities and the opportunities are really open along the chain, along the space of this healthcare industry.
Ross Muken: And I guess just quickly, just staying on the M&A theme, and I will keep this to my last question, but you and your team have been remarkably savvy deal makers over the course of your long career, and have created maximum amount of value. How much of the challenge is it today with where global equity markets are from a valuation standpoint, obviously understanding the financing markets are wide open, but valuations are pretty elevated and so how do you think about that in the context of your capital allocation goals, particularly on the deal side? Does it argue to smaller transactions or a certain geography? I am just trying to get a sense for how that plays into your thinking and the timing aspects of it.
Stefano Pessina: As you know we have been always [indiscernible] with potential acquisitions, so we will if we will have an opportunity we will analyze this opportunity very rationally and we will do it just if this will create additional value. Its true the market is now quite bullish but its also true that the cost of the money is still quite low and there are other ways to create value, not just acquisitions, so we are analyzing all the opportunities. If we will see an opportunity which fit our strategy and which can create value we will take action.
Ross Muken: Great, thank you so much.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you.
Gerald Gradwell: Okay, ladies and gentlemen that was our final question. Thank you all for joining us today. Feel free to contact myself or Ashish if you have any further questions. I know some of you do. And with that thank you very much indeed. We will conclude our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen that does conclude todays conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-09 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Special Projects. You may begin. 
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. Today, Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer, will take you through our second quarter results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions are Alec Gourlay, Executive Vice President and President of Walgreens; and Jeff Berkowitz, Executive Vice President and President of Pharma & Global Market Access. 
 As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I will direct you to our website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com for reconciliations of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our website on our Investor Relations website -- sorry, to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and the webcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. 
 And now to read out the Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current markets, competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings for a discussion of the risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. 
 Today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to the appendix, to the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. 
 With that, I'll hand you over to Stefano for his opening comments. 
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first ever earnings conference call for Walgreens Boots Alliance. 
 Let me begin by underscoring how pleased we were to finally bring the 2 companies together on 31 December 2014. This was a historic and pivotal milestone for 2 iconic companies, Walgreens and Alliance Boots, as we completed our merger to establish Walgreens Boots Alliance, forging the new company, the world's first global pharmacy-led health and well-being enterprise. 
 We established a senior management team to bring together our businesses and lead them forward to the next phase of their evolution while making steady progress with the integration and the establishment of a single unified corporate identity and culture. 
 Our team worked very hard to accelerate the closing of the deal 2 months ahead of the beginning of the completion window. We raised the funds to complete the transaction and refinance essentially all the AB debt in an efficient manner while going through a complicated process of preparing our first full consolidated earnings under U.S. GAAP, including eliminating the 3-month reporting lag. The complexity and effort these tasks have taken cannot be underestimated. I would ask you to remember that until completion, our businesses have to operate at arm's length as separate entities. We are today only 14 weeks, in fact 99 days, into the creation of this new global entity. It is still very early, but we have moved mountains in what we have done and are still in the first steps of our journey. 
 We have achieved much in a short time and are moving quickly. We have expanded our restructuring program to create a more competitive cost structure, begun to access synergies created through the combination and sharpened our focus on our strategic priorities, including the sales of a majority interest of our infusion business subsequent to the quarter close. And today, I am pleased to announce a strong quarter, achieved along with all the other tasks that we have undertaken. We are looking forward to the future with enthusiasm.
 Our transaction has created a group which, I believe, has enormous potential to grow in ways that give us great excitement and optimism for the future. Let's start by looking at our business as we stand today. 
 Based on an in-depth review of our Retail Pharmacy USA segment, I can say that Walgreens is on a sound structural footing. As you might expect, some parts are better than expected while others offer room for improvement. Our first priority is to understand the business fully, its interdependency and its differentiators. This exercise is under way, and we'll ensure we stay focused on what is truly important: delivering against the needs of our customers in a dependable yet innovative manner that provides us with sustainable and growing income across all parts of our business. This will be achieved through a combination of efficient practice, research and insight, investments in our core business and innovation in our business model. From what we have seen already, we believe there to be significant scope to enhance the performance of our pharmacies through refreshing and differentiating our store, improving customer experience, delivering products and services to customers and patients and introducing new offerings through innovative partnership. We believe that through good business practice and the application of these and other initiatives, we can over time expand the retail margin, grow market share and prepare ourselves to better address the competitive and market-driven headwinds we face in certain areas of our business. 
 Let me be perfectly clear. Our aim is to help Walgreens further develop strategies that will continue to deliver growth for many years to come. It is vital that we make best use of the assets that we have, core to which is our unrivaled portfolio of locations across the U.S. We must work tirelessly to drive the best possible return from these assets. And to that end, we have today announced an enlarged but necessary restructuring program to focus the Walgreens business back on its core assets. We believe we will come out of this stronger and better positioned to deliver enhanced performance that our premium locations should command. 
 In Retail Pharmacy International in Boots, we are working hard to refine the new cycle of our business that will deliver growth in the coming year. We are continuing to develop our online offering and building on our recent successes. We are working to further integrate these with our physical stores and logistical network to enhance the customer choice while making better use of our resources. The constant work to keep our offering fresh through innovation within store and within our own brand and exclusive product portfolio is continuing to differentiate us in the extremely competitive U.K. retail market. I'm confident that the work which Simon and his team are doing will set us on a path for further growth in the years ahead. 
 As you're aware, our retail businesses are also continuing to perform well, and it has been a particular pleasure to welcome our new colleagues in Mexico and Chile to our company, making the expansion of our international retail presence in Latin America through their vision of 2 outstanding businesses with excellent prospects for growth. 
 Our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division is continuing to develop the integrated business model that we introduced many years ago, operating an ever-growing suite of services to the manufacturers that tie up most growth than ever to them as partners. On the other side of the supply chain, we are expanding our offering to our pharmacies customers to both align them more globally with our -- the wholesalers and let them improve the quality and economics of their own businesses. While such initiative enhance the vertical integration of our wholesale businesses and create strength and value, the ever-changing market that we are operating in and the continuous economic pressure that health care systems are under present us with several opportunities to expand our network. 
 These present themselves in many ways. In one extreme, through consolidation within markets; and at the other extreme, through innovative partnerships and alliance systems, as you have seen us to do with AmerisourceBergen. As wholesale is a business that is enhanced by volume and market presence, we will continue to explore opportunities to expand our network as they arise. Underpinning all of these, Walgreens Boots Alliance has embarked on the beginning of a new year, a new year that will bring a new attitude, a new culture aligned toward driving performance, serving our customers and creating long-term, sustainable shareholder value. 
 Now I will ask George to take us through the quarterly results. George? 
George Fairweather: Thank you, Stefano. Good morning, everyone, and good afternoon to those listening in Europe. Today, I would like to cover the following 3 topics: first, to provide detail on our fiscal 2015 second quarter performance; second, to provide you with an overview of our restructuring program; and finally, to articulate our views on FY '15 and FY '16 results. 
 To summarize, the second quarter was a solid start for our new company. Key highlights include net sales of $26.6 billion, GAAP earnings per share of $1.93 while adjusted EPS was $1.18, cash flow from operations of $1.3 billion and free cash flow of $1 billion. The quarter's financial results are complicated as we began reporting as a consolidated entity partly through the quarter and the comparability to last year is a challenge and of limited use. 
 Before we get into the details of our second quarter financial performance, I'd like to explain some elements of our new reporting structure. Historically, Walgreens has reported as one segment, which consisted of the results of Walgreens in the USA; its corporate costs; synergies from the Walgreens Boots Alliance Development joint venture, also known as WBAD; and equity earnings from Alliance Boots on a 3-month lag. Our focus was to merge the businesses as soon as possible and eliminate the 3-month reporting lag. This aligns the reporting -- the reported results of the global enterprise and will make our performance easier to understand going forward. 
 As Walgreens Boots Alliance, we now report results in 3 segments: Retail Pharmacy USA, Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. Segmental reporting includes the allocation of synergy benefits, including WBAD and combined corporate costs. Within our Retail Pharmacy USA segment, since the deal closed on December 31, we have reported 1 month of Alliance Boots equity income this quarter versus 3 months in the comparable quarter a year ago, recognizing the 45% stake that Walgreens had in Alliance Boots until end December. The months of January and February are fully consolidated. Year-over-year comparisons of results required consideration of the foregoing factors and are not directly comparable. 
 So now let me take you through our financials in greater detail, beginning with the consolidated results. 
 For the quarter, GAAP net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance were just over $2 billion or $1.93 per diluted share, while adjusted and earnings were $1.2 billion or $1.18 per diluted share. This compares to $0.74 of GAAP net earnings per share and $0.97 of adjusted earnings per share in the prior year quarter. 
 Net sales in the second quarter were $26.6 billion, an increase of 35.5% versus the prior year. 
 Operating income on a GAAP basis was $1.4 billion and on an adjusted basis was $1.8 billion. The increase in adjusted operating income was driven by growth in our Retail Pharmacy USA segment as well as the consolidation of Alliance Boots' results for January and February. 
 We reported $144 million of net interest expense this quarter, which included interest expense associated with prefunding the transaction for the month of December. Consistent with last quarter, our adjusted EPS excludes this interest expense, which we'll not need to do going forward. 
 The adjusted tax rate for this quarter was 27.7%. Now this has been impacted by a number of factors, including a change in the geographic mix of forecast profits now that Alliance Boots has been fully consolidated, includes net discrete tax benefits specific to the quarter and the presentation of Alliance Boots' taxes in the income statement. Prior to the full merger, Walgreens 45% share of Alliance Boots' adjusted results, net of Alliance Boots' tax, were presented in a single line within operating income. Now following the transaction, Alliance Boots' tax is reported within the income tax provision line in our income statement, impacting the calculation of the adjusted tax rate. 
 Diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were $1.1 billion and average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 1.05 billion resulting from the issuance of 144 million shares on 31st December as part of the consideration for Alliance Boots. 
 So now let me walk you through the component pieces to explain the change from GAAP to adjusted EPS. The GAAP earnings per share for the quarter of $1.93 reconciles to an adjusted earnings per share of $1.18. The net adjustment of $0.75 per share, this reflects the removal of net gains on transaction-related item of $0.67 and gains on the warrants we hold over AmerisourceBergen shares of $0.35. This is partially offset by LIFO provision costs of $0.04; acquisition-related amortization expenses of $0.15, which includes $0.08 relating to an -- to the inventory step-up which will not reoccur in future quarters; and special items of $0.08 related to optimization costs and asset impairments. 
 The components of the net gain on transaction-related items were a gain on Walgreens' previously held equity interest in Alliance Boots of $0.77; a foreign currency hedge loss of $0.07 related to the delivery of the British pound element of the Step 2 consideration; and a net $0.03 cost of transaction fees, tax adjustments and interest costs from prefunding the cash consideration. 
 So next, I'd like to provide insights into financial results at the segmental level, starting with Retail Pharmacy USA. Reported net sales were $21 billion, up 6.9% on a comparable store basis. In the pharmacy, comparable store scripts, which includes immunizations, this increased 5% on a 30-day adjusted basis. The increase was driven by the positive impact of a strong cough, cold and flu season; by continued growth in Medicare Part D scripts; and positive underlying share trends. For the quarter ending 28 February, the division's 30-day adjusted retail prescription market share in the U.S. reached 19.3%, as reported by IMS Health. This represents an increase of 20 basis points versus the same time last year. In retail products, comparable store sales increased by 2.5%. This was partially driven by strong December holiday sales, including seasonal sales of cough, cold and flu products. 
 GAAP operating income for the quarter was $1.3 billion while adjusted operating income was $1.6 billion, up 13.4% over the year-ago quarter. Strong expense control and efficiencies offset the expected pharmacy gross margin pressure from declines in reimbursement, generic drug inflation as well as the Med Part D rate step-down that began on the 1st of January this year. 
 Retail product margins increased this quarter, helped by seasonal and cough, cold, flu mix as well as our focus on reducing less profitable promotions. We remain very pleased with the progress on controlling and reducing SG&A expenses this quarter. Our GAAP SG&A expense declined 0.3% compared to the prior year quarter. 
 So next, let's review the Retail Pharmacy International division, which is pharmacy-led health and beauty retail businesses in 8 countries. The biggest contributor is Boots in the U.K. 
 Total sales for the 2 months ended February were just over $2 billion. As the businesses included in our Retail Pharmacy International division were acquired as part of the merger with Alliance Boots, no comparable information is included in the WBA consolidated results. On a pro forma constant currency basis, comparable sales for January and February grew by 2.9%. Comparable sales of Boots U.K. were up 2.3% while sales in our businesses in Chile and Mexico, which we acquired by Alliance -- acquired by Alliance Boots back in August 2014, these were up 2.9%. The acquisition brings us over 1,000 stores in Mexico and over 400 in Chile and provides strong growth opportunities in the Latin American market. The inclusion of these businesses in the division, combined with contract manufacturing, are reflected in the margins. 
 Now turning to Pharmaceutical Wholesale, which mainly operates under the Alliance Healthcare brand in 12 countries. Results in any given quarter are influenced by performance in larger geographies, including the U.K., Germany, France and Turkey and the division's contribution from WBAD. 
 Total sales for the 2 months ending February were $3.9 billion. Similar to Retail Pharmacy International, our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division was acquired through the merger with Alliance Boots, and so no amounts are reported in the comparable period. However, on a pro forma constant currency basis, sales were relatively flat compared with the same period the prior year. 
 Now let me spend a minute on our expectations for synergies and how they will be reported going forward. Prior to the merger, the majority of our synergies were flowing through WBAD, the former joint venture between Walgreens and Alliance Boots, which Walgreens fully consolidated and then removed Alliance Boots' portion via the noncontrolling interest line item. Following the combination, we're allocating all synergies, including those generated by WBAD, to the segments, and we're doing this according to the relative proportion of purchases driving the synergy benefits. 
 With regard to performance in the quarter, combined net synergies were $170 million, bringing the fiscal year-to-date total to $310 million, driven primarily by our drug procurement efforts. We remain comfortable with our ability to achieve at least $650 million in combined synergies this fiscal year. For FY '16, we continue to expect at least $1 billion in combined quantifiable net synergies. Consistent with prior reporting, these synergies do not include any benefit from our AmerisourceBergen relationship. 
 Now that we're a combined company, as expected we are focusing on driving incremental synergies from sharing our best practices and working more closely together. However, not all of these can be easily quantified as some of them tend to blend into our normal business.
 So moving on to the cash flows. We generated approximately $1.3 billion in cash from operations during the quarter, and our free cash flow was $1.0 billion. We're pleased with the cash generation during the second quarter due in part to an improvement in our primary working capital within our Retail Pharmacy USA division, driven by a reduction in inventory levels. We will continue to focus on working capital and remain confident in future opportunities to increase efficiencies. 
 Net debt as of the quarter end was $14.1 billion. 
 With regard to uses of free cash flow beyond reinvestment back into the company, we completed $94 million of share repurchases in the quarter against our $3 billion authorization. We purchased additional shares post the end of the quarter under preestablished trading plans, bringing the total purchases to $330 million.
 I'd now like to make a few comments on our capital allocation policy. As we've consistently communicated, we remain committed to a solid investment-grade rating while looking for ways to enhance our cash generation. This includes driving working capital efficiencies, tightening capital expenditures, controlling costs and, of course, improving operations. Beyond maintaining a long-term 30% to 35% dividend payout target, our top priorities for free cash include M&A consistent with our strategy and share buybacks. All of these are with a view to optimizing long-term shareholder value. 
 Following on this theme, and as Stefano mentioned, we are focused on becoming a more agile and more productive company. As you know, in August 2014, we announced a 3-year $1 billion cost reduction initiative. After a rigorous analysis, we've identified additional opportunities for cost savings primarily in our Retail Pharmacy USA division. These additional cost opportunities will increase the total expected cost savings program by $500 million to a projected $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2017. So moving to areas of focus, they include plans to close approximately 200 stores across the U.S.A., to reorganize corporate and field operations, drive operating efficiencies and streamline information technology and other functions. These actions are designed to restructure and invest in our company's future in a way that is better for customers, simpler for our employees, resulting in a faster and more agile organization. 
 We estimate that total pretax charges associated with this program to our GAAP financial results will be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, of which the cash component is expected to be approximately 60%. The restructuring charges will be recognized over time as the program is implemented in accordance with GAAP. Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on other areas of cost reduction. 
 So now let's talk about the rest of fiscal 2015. We understand and appreciate that there are lots of factors that will impact our results. So in order to help you, we are providing an adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.45 to $3.65 for fiscal year 2015. Now this range assumes quarterly interest expense of $140 million to $150 million. It assumes a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 29% and a fiscal year diluted share count generally consistent with the current quarter. It assumes management's estimates for foreign exchange rates that reflect current market rates over the balance of the fiscal year. Now this guidance also includes recast fiscal Q1 results due to the elimination of the 3-month lag. Finally, you will see an increase in the share count in Q3 and Q4 due to the full inclusion of the 144 million shares issued with Step 2 of the AB transaction. This will result in approximately 1.1 billion diluted shares per quarter. Any additional share repurchases will impact, of course, the fiscal year diluted share count. 
 So moving on to FY '16. Our previously published goals were based on a variety of assumptions to arrive at estimate ranges for both sales and adjusted EPS. These included operating assumptions for our businesses and certain below-the-line items, including interest, tax and share count. When we set the goals in August, we made foreign currency assumptions based on exchange rates that were close to market rates at that time. Since then, we've seen significant global currency movements, especially the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Because we report in U.S. dollars, we do have currency translational exposures primarily based on movements in the pound sterling versus the dollar. Simply put, a stronger dollar hurts our sales and earnings in dollars while a weaker dollar helps them. We estimate that a 1% move in the pound sterling versus the dollar from current levels would impact our adjusted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. Despite the FX headwind, I'm confident that we have initiatives and resources in place to address the controllable elements that drive our adjusted EPS goal for FY '16. 
 Our revenues have greater potential variability due to the varied mix of businesses, particularly in our Wholesale division, which accounts for a significant proportion of our overall revenue. In addition, the geographical spread of the Wholesale business increases its exposure to currency variations. This being the case, we view overall revenue as a less relevant measure of our business. So taking these 2 factors into account, we decided to no longer provide our published revenue goal. And please note that our forward-looking statements assume no significant changes to the current exchange rates. 
 So I'd like to wrap up today by saying that our reporting structure has changed and comparability is limited, which I know makes it really difficult for you. Therefore, in an effort to be as informative as possible, we've provided adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal year 2015. And next week, we'll have a financial session to provide further insights. In addition, we plan to provide operational insights in each of our 3 segments as well as views on our key financial drivers and future strategy. We really look forward to seeing you then. 
 So with that, I'll turn the call back to Stefano. 
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. Let me finish today by reminding you of our key priorities as we look forward. 
 We are working to deliver the benefits of our transaction within our core businesses. These will involve executing our synergies and efficiency programs across the group, including the progressive development of our procurement initiatives. We must also properly manage the assets of the business to ensure we are suitably structured and prepared to address the pressures we face as the pharmacy markets evolve. These pressures may variously be from reimbursement cuts, competitive action or simply changes in consumer behavior. Whatever form they take, if we are properly structured and prepared, operating an efficient, high-quality, patient-oriented pharmacy service, that we will earn the right not just to participate but to be an architect of the changes in our market. We are already seeing the benefits that can be achieved in retail with the initiatives under way at Walgreens and ongoing at Boots. We must ensure that we get the best return for our investment and create the best environment for our employees and customers alike. This will require us to operate enhanced systems and control so that we can monitor and manage our business properly. 
 Now many of you have asked where we are on the CEO search. As you know, we formed a search committee of the board and they have been working with one of the top executive recruiting firms to help us find a new CEO. Currently, we are in the process of reviewing the candidates they have proposed. Finding candidates with the combination of attributes that we deem important for the role is naturally challenging as we expected that -- it to be. But we remain confident that in due course, we will find the right person for the job. 
 Lastly, as the new culture takes hold and finds roots in a company, you can see echoes of it in all parts of the business. I hope that in one particular area, you are seeing the new culture emerge very clearly and that -- and the different [ph] now approach to our owners and the financial community in general. I have always viewed investors as my business partner, and I hope that they will view me in the same way. 
 As an organization, we strongly believe it is our duty to care for our shareholders and to ensure that we are as accessible, responsive and transparent as we can be. We also believe in being proactive in reaching out to our investors to properly understand their requirements and to ensure that in our investor relations effort, we have as mindful -- we are as mindful of our shareholders as we are of the patients in our pharmacies or our customers in wholesale. I think that Gerald and his team have done well to demonstrate this new [indiscernible], and it is a great pleasure to see, although there is still more to do. We are in the first steps of a long and exciting path, and I look forward to traveling it with you as fellow owners and partners. 
 As I said earlier, I am optimistic about the long-term future of our company and have made a significant personal commitment to our future not only as the Executive Vice Chairman and acting CEO but also as a significant shareholder. I am convinced that the formation of Walgreens Boots Alliance is a unique first, which will almost inevitably lead to many other new firsts in our industry. It may not yet be clear which steps these will be, but we are determined to continue to show the way and be at the forefront of innovating health care. Our ambition is to build a generally global company and a universal health care champion. We look forward to providing a more comprehensive outlook on our future strategy and value creation next week at our first Analyst Day. 
 With that, we are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Jones: I know we'll get a little more detail next week at the Analyst Day, but I thought maybe I'd start on the incremental cost cutting you introduced today. I believe the previous expectation was for the bulk of the cost cutting to come in fiscal '16. Just curious if you can give an update on how we should think about the cost cutting over the next 3 years. And then related to that, given that there's an additional $500 million in cost cutting, obviously reiterating the fiscal '16 guidance, I'm wondering if there was any negative offsets that you've realized since giving that '16 guidance. 
Stefano Pessina: So George. And after, Alec can give you, I believe, a satisfactory answer. 
George Fairweather: Well, and our first priority, I think -- now remember, we're -- when merged at a relatively short time, our key priority is to see what additional savings were achievable. The second, the increase of $0.5 billion will take time to come through. So quite a lot of this will be into the year and into 2017. So it's really over the next 2 and a bit years is how I would look at that in terms of driving performance. I think what 's -- when we're -- the piece I would really reiterate on the guidance that we've given is please do remember the change in currency. I mean, remember, the sterling is about $1.48 today and it was about $1.68 back in August, just as a reminder. So in setting the guidance and in reaffirming the guidance, you've got to take into account that we've had an unfavorable wind on the currency versus some of what we're doing in other areas. 
Robert Jones: That's fair. And then I guess just maybe more near term looking at the U.S. SG&A, quite a bit lower than what we were looking for and obviously quite a bit lower than it was a year ago this time. I'm just wondering if you could give a little bit more clarity on what went on within the U.S. SG&A line. Is that reduction that we saw there in any part a result of these cost initiatives? Or is there other things at play within the U.S. cost structure? 
Stefano Pessina: Alec? 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, it's a combination of both. First of all, the additional $500 million is going to be almost all be in '17. So this is a result of what we've been doing over really the last 9 months as we've really deeply understood the current operating model and really tried to lay out the grounds for the new operating model that we're going to do through the business. We've been really successful. The team has done a great job in Walgreens in terms of being able to find cost savings that do not affect the customer. The most pleasing thing about this beyond these cost savings is the fact that we're still growing volume ahead of the market, both in pharmacy and in retail products. And also, we're seeing internally our measure in cost of the delay improving. The whole idea of better for customers, simpler for our teams and more faster, agile organization is what's driving all of this, and we'll keep on going as we'll keep on working the old model and trading these processes, the IT structures for new model. So yes, we're delighted with the SG&A savings in this quarter and they are materially better than the same period last year. And as part of the restructuring we started already is in there, but a lot of this also is just due to ongoing cost control and cost management. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. 
Ricky Goldwasser: When we think about the space, the consolidation obviously continues. We just heard the news last week on kind of like how United is thinking about the supply chain in the payer world. Do you think that you now have all the relevant pieces that you need in the U.S. market? Or are there still areas that you think that you might be missing or below scale at? 
Stefano Pessina: Well, what we think is not really important. The reality is that, as I have said many times and I have realized immediately after being for 2 weeks in the job, is that this market, the American market, is ready for another round of consolidation because the margins are squeezed everywhere. The government is more and more in charge for the cost of the health care business. And so for sure, they will exercise their power to squeeze the costs as much as possible, as we have seen in Europe for decades. And so the complex structure of the -- of delivering the medicines to the patients will have to be rationalized. And as a consequence, it's easy to believe that we will have additional synergies coming from M&A activities. These could be, of course, at the level of horizontal consolidation. But in many layers of the chain, the consolidation is still up and is still quite advanced. So it's very likely that we'll see also vertical consolidation. And the opportunities are there for everybody, and we will see what happens. But as I have said before, we want to be, as we have been in the past, at the forefront of changes. And so if there is a need for a consolidation will be confirmed. We will try to be part of it. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then just as we think about the trends on the front end, can you talk a little bit about promotional activities in the quarter and just how you think about promotional activities for the rest of the year and also about private label penetration? 
Stefano Pessina: Alec? 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, we -- the team has built a new tool and some good data. And so that's -- so this has been driven really from implementation of Balance Rewards, the insights we're getting. And they're driving that through better tools to the merchants. So the merchant teams have done a really great job in terms of understanding more precisely where customers truly value promotions and where actually they don't. And you can see the growth in the front-end margin. You can also see the growth in product sales at the same time. So we've really been able to pull these 2 things off together. And we feel confident with the new tools we've got and the key tools we're developing going forward. Also a great hire. Linda, Linda Filler, has come into us. And again, Linda, we believe, will accelerate our journey given her tremendous experience in Walmart and Sam's Club in particular. So that feels pretty good. In terms of own brand penetration, we've created a new division within our organization, within Walgreens Boots Alliance, led by Ken Murphy. And again, we're able to think about how do we understand local insights in America and also global insights, and Ken will speak more about this next week, and how therefore do we get the right products and the right brands into the American consumers' hands in the drug store channel. Having said that, we've done a couple of things recently. We've issued 2 new masstige cosmetic brands, CIRCA and Colour Prevails. That's happened in the last 2 or 3 weeks. So we're not waiting for that to happen. We continue to work on the basis of growing own brand penetration. So I think in both fronts, we made good, solid progress and there's more to come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. 
Lisa Gill: George, as I look at the first half versus the second half, it looks like there was a deceleration in earnings. Can you talk about what the primary contributors are there? I'm just curious if the Medicare Part D, while you talked about the trends being positive from a script perspective, we know that there's been pressure there on the reimbursement front. 
George Fairweather: Yes. I mean... 
Stefano Pessina: George? 
George Fairweather: Yes. I mean, there's a number of factors. And I know what makes it really complicated looking at half year on half year, and of course it includes the deal and remove the 3-month lag, et cetera. I mean, in terms of Med D steps -- Med D, the step-down, obviously, firstly, we've got 2 months' results in Q2 given this kicks in at the beginning of the year but will impact us for the cool -- the full quarters in each of Q3 and 4. The second half of the fiscal year is seasonally weaker than the first half normally. And of course, I know we haven't got all the comparables to sort of give you the overall seasonality, which makes it tough to model. And then, of course, we've got the exchange rate issues as well coming in because of what's -- where the exchange moved -- the exchange rate has moved over the last number of -- the last 6 months. And of course, we are still bringing in the 45% of AB at that point in time. 
Stefano Pessina: Alec, if you can add something. 
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, absolutely. We've also got some cost savings timing. So for example, we've got much closer to the plan of how we're going to actually drive the cost savings. And therefore, we've been able to take a few more of the cost savings in the first half relative to the first half of last year. And then the remainder of the year, we have still cost savings coming through. So we actually had quite a lot of cost savings in Q4 of last year to go against. 
Lisa Gill: And then my second question would just be around generics. If we think back to last summer, a lot of talk about drug price inflation on generics being a headwind. As I think about the generics pipeline for the back half of your year, it looks to be improving. Can you maybe talk about what you're seeing, one, on drug price inflation and the impact that it's having? Are you be -- are you able to offset that with your procurement entity? And then secondly, kind of your outlook for incremental generics that are going to come as we go through the next couple of quarters. 
Stefano Pessina: Jeff, can you answer this question? 
Jeffrey Berkowitz: Sure. Thanks, Lisa. The generic manufacturers are continuing to react to the supply issues and approval delays in ways that we've come to expect, which is what has been driving the inflationary environment. But we do continue to see a similar range of inflation as we've seen in the past 12 months or so. The teams at WBAD, Walgreens, ABC and Alliance Healthcare all continue to work extremely effectively together to assure that is the biggest buyer in -- of generics in the world, that we are properly managing the industry dynamic. The teams in particular have gotten very sharp and have a number of effective mechanisms in place and are working very collaboratively with the generic drug manufacturers to really manage through this dynamic. They've gotten very flexible and nimble in understanding the marketplace where there might be issues and really managing them proactively. In terms of the generic pipeline, we've recently seen in February the entry of NEXIUM, but we haven't seen it go multi-source and we're looking forward to that. And we are seeing the list of generics that are coming out. We're looking forward to maximizing those opportunities as they come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hill of Deutsche Bank. 
George Hill: And I'll echo the congratulations on getting the transaction closed. You highlighted in the press release a target of closing about 200 stores. I guess the first thing I'm wondering is, is that a kind of a complete evaluation? And could there be upside to this figure? And how should we think about the earnings profile of these stores? They're -- we would assume that they're less profitable than the composite of the business. But is there any chance that they're losing money and there's going to be a positive margin lift from this? 
Stefano Pessina: Alec? 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, we have done a thorough review. And again, we're -- we've been doing this for a while. We've also reviewed the performance of the closure of the stores we made in the last year as well, and the good news there was that we saw more retention of customers and we saw that they'll be able also to retain a lot of our people as well, which is really important to us as a team and as a business. So we feel confident about the number we've given out, approximately 200. And of course, we will tell our people first where we're going to go when actually making these closures. Another key point is that we'll be opening up about 200 stores in the same period. So this really is just getting the right stores in the right place. And I also think it's about the right cash and the right returns per store basis. This is a very individual store-based decision. And of course, the stores which are potentially going to be closed, we have looked carefully at the markets today and the numbers of customers in them and how they shop in that market and also how the population flowed over the course of these stores being open. And we've seen stores which really the population is moving away from and there's less future opportunity than today. 
George Hill: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe if I can go with a quick follow-up. You guys also highlighted that your synergy targets explicitly exclude the ABC relationship. And I guess where should we think about where we are in the life cycle of that relationship? How much -- I guess how much cost can continue to be taken out? And maybe from an inventory perspective, what can still be taken out? And I guess there are lot of store inventory left that can be taken out and kind of better served through the DSD delivery of ABC? 
Stefano Pessina: Alec? 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Al again. Yes, we've made really good progress in terms of inventory reduction. And myself and Jeff are working really close in this together. It's really end-to-end view from the pharma manufacturers all the way through ABC into the work the Rachel Ashworth [ph] is doing in the stores. We're also seeing importantly our service levels improve as well. So again, we've seen this nice thing. When you get less stock out the system, you improve costs and then you improve working capital. And importantly, you improve service levels. So again, we'll continue to work at this. There are more opportunities and we'll do in a really balanced way to make sure that we care for customers first, get it right going forward and we take working capital out. And I'm confident that the working relationship with ABC will continue to improve. And of course, working in Europe, as I did before with Ronald [ph] and the team in Alliance Healthcare, we really worked as well for a number of years and saw more and more opportunities which comes through very clearly in the U.K. business performance for both the Wholesale and the Boots division. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of UBS. 
Steven Valiquette: So I guess for me just a clarification question on the gross margin for the quarter. I think the LIFO adjustment is pretty straightforward, but I think I heard you mention there may have been an inventory step-up charge as well. So I apologize if I missed this, but I guess did you provide the fully adjusted gross margin for the quarter just to make it a little bit easier for us? And also, part 2 is then that just curious, all the talk about the U.S. Medicare Part D rate reductions that went into effect on 1/1/15, is there any way just to get a rough sense for how much that impacted the gross margin in the quarter? Was it perhaps 100 basis points year-over-year or maybe something greater than that? I'm just trying to get a sense for that. 
George Fairweather: Right. 
Stefano Pessina: So George can answer to the first part of that. 
George Fairweather: Okay, I can answer to the inventory step-up. Well, I mean, it was an -- it was $0.08 because under -- and that is in the legacy AB businesses. So it's in the Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. And that's -- we've -- one of the key differences between adjusted and the U.S. GAAP results. And that's simply because under -- when you're doing the purchase accounting, and we've done the provisional purchase accounting allocation and we've got a year to finalize that, what you have to do is revalue the inventory at a selling price less a small margin. So we're not valuing the industry -- the inventory at cost. So that gets -- what it does is it essentially artificially takes down the U.S. GAAP profit in those 2 divisions as a result. So that's why we've stripped it out to show the operating results with that out. It has no impact at all on the comparables because it doesn't impact the Retail Pharmacy USA segment. I'm sorry it's got so many of these adjustments. We'll try -- next week, I'll try to take you back through them in a little more detail. It really does make it very difficult to articulate the story as clearly as we would -- I'm sure you would like and we would like. 
Stefano Pessina: Jeff, can you answer to the second question? 
Steven Valiquette: Yes, that was just the impact on the Medicare Part D, the -- yes, within the quarter, just roughly how much that might have impacted the overall gross margin. Yes, that was the second question. 
Jeffrey Berkowitz: Yes. So Medicare Part D is an important component of the business. We're not commenting specifically on the gross margin impacts. You know that we've said that it's about 1/3 of our business moving forward. Right now, we're in the midst of negotiations for the 2016 year. They're very productive right now, but we're very -- it's very early days in terms of the impact moving forward. 
George Fairweather: Yes, from a volume point of view, we're pleased that volume and really the margins come through as we expected. And so again, there's really -- it really has been a solid selling season and we feel good about the total. 
Operator: And we have time for 2 more questions. Our next question comes from the side of Mark Miller of William Blair. 
Mark Miller: So thinking about the opportunities with both horizontal and vertical consolidation, that obviously goes in many different dimensions. But when you think about the opportunities, is it more about getting leverage with suppliers or more about getting leverage with payers in pharmacy? And then I guess sub-point to that is getting more scale within the retail operations. Or is it more about strategic moves that allow you to drive more share across your own network and then specifically thinking about better managing the payer relationships and potentially having a -- some type of pharmacy benefit management relationship? 
Stefano Pessina: Well -- Stefano. In -- of course, we are looking at the market. I have already said that we have been here for a little more than 3 months. I believe that we are starting to understand quite well the market and there are many opportunities. When we talk about opportunities, of course we don't exclude typical M&A opportunities. But there are many, many opportunities which are not related to an acquisition or to a merger, related to a potential joint venture, commercial joint venture, as we did initially with WBAD. When we approached Walgreens, so when we started our discussion, the first thing that we decided was to create these joint ventures to buy together, and this joint venture would have been there even without the merger. So there are many ways to deliver synergies. And of course, we are open to any kind of organization which can improve the value of our company, and we are analyzing many, many different alternatives. And of course, it depends also on the maturity of the potential partner, from the willingness they have to do something with us. What I was saying is that the market, that goes clearly in one direction, and sooner or later these kinds of things will happen. 
Mark Miller: And I assume, if we're speaking about this real time, that you believe the organization is ready to move when the opportunities develop, I mean, given everything that's going on with the consolidation of Walgreens Alliance Boots? 
Stefano Pessina: We have always been able to face the opportunities because -- of course, it will take time to create the platform here in Walgreens Boots Alliance, a solid platform, because of course, we have to integrate the 2 companies. The integration is doing very well. I have to say higher than my expectation. But still, there is a lot to do. But the fact that we have not yet finished this job doesn't mean that we cannot do something else in the meantime. So of course, if we had an opportunity, we will take this opportunity. And any big, important opportunities, be it an M&A activity, be it a joint venture, a commercial joint venture, takes months to be perfection, I said, to come to life. And so we will have time to continue our integration while discussing the -- with other possibilities. So of course, you'll -- if we will see opportunities, we will be ready. 
Mark Miller: That's helpful. And then just quickly, George, does the EPS guidance -- can you clarify whether that includes additional share repurchase? 
George Fairweather: I mean, we -- we've obviously got our $3 billion program authorized, so I think that should give you an indication of our thinking in that respect. We've obviously not been specific on this, but we wouldn't put a program in place if we hadn't felt that we have the ability to generate the necessary cash to complete that program whilst maintaining solid investment grade. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly of Crdit Suisse. 
Edward Kelly: I just have a question on your guidance particularly as it relates to getting to 2016. Could you just give us a little bit of color on what your expectations are for the underlying growth of the business, maybe growth -- profit dollar growth by division that you've sort of contemplated here? 
George Fairweather: I mean, in terms of the overall guidance, really today, just reaffirming what the guidance that was put out in the summer last year, recognizing that currency has gone against us, we've not been through, obviously, our detailed -- our intensive detailed budgeting exercises as a combined group, and we're getting everything on a comparable basis under U.S. GAAP. So we're going through quite a bit of change to try and then be -- to go through this process. What we'll try and do next week when we meet is try and give you a little bit more insight into the drivers as we go through each division's section and then we've got the half day on the financial modeling on the Thursday. So hopefully, we'll be able to give you a little bit more insight on that. It is quite complicated because of the lack of comparability because we have obviously put the segments in place that particularly reflects where the -- in terms of where the synergies are, where we're putting the synergies in where the real economic activity is happening. 
Stefano Pessina: And so you don't have to be too impatient. At the end of the day, you have to leave us with something to tell you next week. 
Edward Kelly: All right, that makes sense. And then just one quick follow-up for you on real estate. Obviously, getting smaller is not necessarily something that you want to do in U.S. pharmacy. But do you still have other stores that you would consider underperforming or lower-margin stores? And I guess the question would be, what's the real answer to improving those stores if it's not necessarily closing? 
George Fairweather: Yes, I mean, obviously, we have a range of stores. I've said before that I'm really going to look at this and this is about 2% of our estate we've talked about this morning. And so therefore, 98% of the estate is in either good or satisfactory order. And I think also, we've done a lot of work on the front end. We are becoming more confident about our ability to not just improve the front end through margin expansion but to develop potential new formats, integrate digital assets to become a new channel. Some of the work Simon and the team have done in Boots has been great in that respect in the last couple of years. So we have different strategies that we will apply over the months and years ahead to make the very most of what is a great set of assets. Stefano said this in the introduction. We have got the best corners in America, and we have looked at them and we still think we have a really important asset that feature the Walgreens company. 
Stefano Pessina: But also -- Stefano here. Also, we are talking of a few hundred stores that we -- the stores that we have already closed, a few hundred stores. It means a few percent, a few unit percent of the number of stores that we have. In reality, all the retailers should, let's say, have a program on maintenance for their stores. And if -- when you have such a vast territory, such a high number of stores, that inevitably you will have some stores which have been maybe profitable in the past and are not particularly exciting today, and you will need to open stores in areas which didn't even exist in the past. So the reality, you see a certain concentration which is still small because a few hundred out of 8,300 stores is not a big number, but you'll see it's a certain concentration because this program has not been done in the past in an orderly fashion. In the future, once we have, let's say, recreated this new base, I believe we should every year look after -- review all the stores. And if we have -- every year, if we have to close 10 stores or 5 stores or 15 stores, we have to -- we will have to do it in order not to have this concentration of stores just in 1 year. Because it's better to do this gently over time, practically this will be business as usual and nobody will see it in reality even inside the company. 
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I would like to hand the call back over to Gerald Gradwell for any closing comments. 
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I know there have been plenty of other questions we haven't had time for today. We are looking forward to seeing as many of you as possible next week at our analyst event on the 15th and 16th in New York. That will also be webcast live and will be archived on our Investor Relations site. So I hope as many of you as possible can participate in that. We'll address as many of your additional questions as we can then. And thank you very much indeed, everyone, for participating today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-12-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - DVP, IR and Finance Gregory D. Wasson - President and CEO Timothy R. McLevish - EVP and CFO Alexander W. Gourlay - EVP and President of Customer Experience and Daily Living and President Elect of Walgreen Co.
Analysts: Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Alvin Concepcion - Citigroup Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan Mark Wiltamuth - Jefferies George Hill - Deutsche Bank Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Mark Miller - William Blair
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreen Co., First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Rick Hans. Please go ahead sir.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Ashley and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO and Tim McLevish, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our first quarter results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Alex Gourlay, President of Customer Experience and Daily Living. In the interest of being efficient with everyone's time today especially as we begin the holiday season, we are going to limit the call to 45 minutes. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you Rick, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. I will keep my remarks relatively short today. I will review the results from the quarter, provide an update on our progress towards the completion of the second step of our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots, and offer some final thoughts before I turn the call over to Tim for a detailed financial review.  We had a solid first quarter across both our pharmacy and retail products businesses with a strong holiday season and good cost control across the enterprise. In fact our stores year-over-year sales growth exceeded the overall retail market heading into the holiday season which positions us well as we close out the calendar year. So I want to congratulate our teams for their success.  For the full quarter, sales were a record $19.6 billion, up 6.7% from $18.3 billion a year ago. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $991 million up 7.1% from $924 million last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.14 billion up 3.5% from $1.1 billion in the first quarter 2014. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85 in the first quarter compared to $0.72 last year up 18.1%. First quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.81 up 12.5% from $0.72 in the same quarter last year. In terms of our front end, our retail products performance while our customer traffic in comparable stores edged down 2.7%, we were pleased that basket size was 4.2% resulting in total comparable sales for our retail products being up 1.5%, relative to the year ago quarter.  As for pharmacy, we were also pleased that prescription sales grew 9% or 8.1% in comparable stores as our retail market share increased 10 basis points from a year ago to 19%. As we finish out the holiday selling season in the next few days we are also very focused on completing the work necessary to close our transaction with Alliance Boots.  In November we secured financing to close the transaction as well as refinance the majority of Alliance Boots outstanding debt. We also issued our definitive proxy statement in preparation for our special shareholders meeting in New York on December 29th. We are currently on track to finalize the merger ahead of our original schedule. As we announced this morning we now expect to close the transaction on December 31st subject to shareholder approval.  This is truly an extraordinary milestone in a strategic journey we began six years ago to position orderings for new generation of growth and value creation. Wrapping up let me touch on the journey we began six years ago. A journey that included transforming the front end of our drug stores, advancing the role community pharmacy plays in healthcare, and is culminated by taking Walgreens global, creating the first pharmacy led health and wellbeing enterprise. As I have said before, bringing these two iconic brands together will be difficult if not impossible to replicate.  It has been my privilege to lead us to this point, to have had the opportunity to bring Walgreens to the world and Alliance Boots to America. I wish Jim, Stefano, and the rest of this very talented leadership team all the best as they now bring our vision to life through Walgreens Boots Alliance. From everything I know and everything I have learned at this company over the past 35 years, I am completely confident that combination of Walgreens and Alliance Boots will truly change the face of global pharmacy, retail, and wholesale.  And I am even more confident that the best days for our company are still ahead. And that's a tribute to the hard work and commitment of over 350,000 women and men of both Walgreen and Alliance Boots who have made this great journey in future possible. On a personal note, I would like to thank everyone on this call and many others for your thoughtful insight into our business. I have appreciated your work, thoughts, and comments over the years. I also want to wish all of you a very happy and healthy holiday season. With that thank you and I will now be stepping off and turning the remainder of the call including the Q&A over to Tim. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. I want to cover two topics today. First, to provide greater detail on our first quarter performance and second, to share some thoughts on our expectations post to closing of the deal with Alliance Boots.  As Greg mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results as they came largely in line with our expectations and got us off to a good start to fiscal 2015. Our adjusted EPS of $0.81 reflects the execution of our strategy with strong revenue growth and solid expense management for the quarter.  Let me begin with the discussion of total revenue which increased 6.7% year-over-year. This was due in part to strong comparable store script growth of 4.1% which is built on a solid base of 5.5% growth in the same quarter last year. To help drive that performance we continued our focus on winning and gaining share with high value seniors through preferred relationships with Medicare Part D plans.  On Balance, this business carries lower margins than the rest of our script business but remains quite attractive as it drives incremental revenue and gross profit dollars. This strategy contributed to our overall retail pharmacy share increasing this quarter as we grew scripts by 10 basis points more than the rest of the retail industry according to IMS data.  We are also pleased with the progress we are making in driving our front end, our retail products comp. For the quarter we reported a 1.5% comp growth building off a strong 2.4% comp in the same quarter last year. Our strategy is working. This is evidenced by margin and basket size being up while traffic is down slightly. Our main focus remains to drive profitable growth and thereby achieving the right balance between sales and margins.  Let me now talk a little more about the retail products margin. This marked the third quarter in a row with year-over-year improvement in retail products gross margin which indicates that our strategy is beginning to pay dividends. Let me remind you of the key elements of our strategy. First, to focus on enhancing our mix towards more upscale retail products to drive higher margins. Second, to drive supply chain efficiencies by removing excess costs and thereby improving overall store productivity. And third, to leverage our Balance rewards loyalty program to derive valuable insights that will allow us to better target our promotional investments.  And now I will shift to our pharmacy segment which continued to face margin pressure due to third party reimbursement pressure from contract step downs, ongoing generic drug inflation on a subset of generic drugs at a similar rate to what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year, and finally increased mix of specialty drugs. Partially offsetting these pharmacy margin decreases were the positive effects of a step up in the introduction of new generics this quarter and purchasing synergies generated by our joint purchasing group.  For the quarter the margin weakness in the pharmacy segment was only partially offset by improvement in the retail product segment. On Balance this resulted in overall adjusted gross margin being down 120 basis points year-over-year to 27.3%. As we look forward, we expect the negative factors impacting pharmacy margin to intensify in the second quarter as the impact from a meaningful step down in Medicare Part D rates begins January 1st.  While we view margin percent as an important metric to help assess the overall health of our business on a long-term basis, we remain focused on leveraging our largely fixed cost structure by driving gross profit dollars in the near-term. Our focus is for gross profit dollar growth rate to exceed SG&A dollar growth by greater than 100 basis points. During the quarter on a GAAP basis our gross profit grew $144 million outpacing SG&A change of $77 million and thereby contributing $67 million to operating income.  On an adjusted basis, gross profit dollars increased by $133 million while SG&A dollars increased by $72 million year-over-year contributing $61 million to operating income. This resulted in the spread of positive 90 basis points which is an improvement from the 50 basis points positive variance we saw last quarter. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased 2.6% this quarter despite the pharmacy pressures we are currently experiencing.  We remain focused on mitigating the impact of these negative factors through a number of mechanisms including leveraging our buying group to secure better costs for drugs, incorporating inflation protection in payer contracts as they come up for renewal, and continuing to help align appropriate industry reimbursement levels. Additionally we expect our retail products initiatives to continue to further drive gross profit dollar growth.  Adjusted SG&A dollars increased by 1.7% for the quarter. We are quite pleased with our expense management during Q1. And with the pressures we are experiencing on our pharmacy margins, we have become even more focused on cost control such as lowering our cost to fill to help create a more sustainable profitability.  As we communicated previously, we have identified and remain on track to achieve the $1 billion in cost savings reflected in our fiscal year 2016 goals. While there will naturally be some incremental variable cost as we continue to aggressively grow our business, we expect these will be mitigated by our cost savings program. We are looking to identify further cost savings opportunities and will update you after that review is complete.  Combined net synergies for the quarter totaled $140 million and adjusted EPS accretion from our investment in Alliance Boots was $0.11 for the quarter. Both of these were in line with our expectations. Please remember, last year's adjusted accretion received $0.07 tax benefit from the UK tax law change while this year's included $0.02 benefit from a onetime gain on an acquisition.  The progress we are making with synergies is slightly ahead of schedule. It is still early but we believe there is upside to our original $650 million goal for the fiscal year and we will provide more detail on our second quarter earnings call.  Now let me walk you through our adjusted EPS. The GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share reconciles to an adjusted earnings of a positive $0.81 per share for the quarter as illustrated by this chart. The net adjustment of $0.04 includes the removal of the following. A LIFO provision of $0.03 per share, $0.13 per share of acquisition related items which consisted of $0.06 of acquisition related amortization cost, $0.02 of acquisition related costs, $0.04 from Alliance Boots related tax, and $0.01 from interest associated with Walgreens Boots Alliance debt issuance.  And finally a net impact of $0.20 for special items comprised of $0.02 per share negative impact from cost related to the corporate and store optimization costs, $0.10 per share negative impact from fair value adjustments on currency hedges, $0.09 positive impact related to the partial release of a tax valuation allowance, and $0.23 positive impact of the warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen to Walgreens and Alliance Boots. The Alliance Boots impact was reported on a three months lag basis.  Moving on to our balance sheet, I would like to share a couple of words on primary working capital which I define as accounts receivable plus inventories minus accounts payable. Accounts receivable increased $850 million. Our third party receivables are in very good shape down approximately $40 million year-over-year. The increase was primarily due to higher vendor funding receivables from the joint venture and rebates for AmerisourceBergen.  LIFO inventories decreased $1.2 billion. About two thirds of this improvement came from pharmacy inventory reduction in conjunction with the terms of our agreement with AmerisourceBergen. The remainder with retail products inventory reduction due to our initiatives to improve store level supply chain efficiencies. And accounts payable increased $400 million largely due to reclassifying due from vendors up to the receivables line as I just mentioned.  Overall networking capital decreased by $700 million or 13.8% versus a year ago which helped drive solid cash flow performance for the quarter. We generated approximately $1 billion in cash from operations versus $133 million in the year ago period. Recall the cash flow in last year's quarter was adversely impacted by the timing of payments related to the AmerisourceBergen transaction.  Free cash flow was $696 million versus a negative $231 million in the prior year period. We are pleased with the cash generation during the first quarter due partly to the working capital improvement I just mentioned as well as improved earnings. In addition to the $500 million in shares we bought back in fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we bought another $500 million worth this quarter. The number of diluted shares decreased by approximately $12 million from last quarter, I am sorry, 12 million from last quarter.  Now let's talk about the rest of the fiscal 2015. We do understand that you will not have a reliable base on which to build your fiscal 2015 estimates so we will provide additional information after we have had a chance to review our plans with Walgreens Boots Alliance Board. As you can appreciate, there are a lot of unusual factors that will impact results in the second quarter. Some of these are still being developed therefore we are not prepared to quantify our expectations at this time.  In the meantime let me give you some key factors for you to consider in your models. Subject to shareholder approval, we are expecting to close the deal with Alliance Boots on December 31st of this year. We will eliminate the three months reporting lag. Interest expense is expected to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million per quarter, this factors in the recent financing with a blended rate of approximately 3.2%. We will add 144.3 million incremental shares as partial consideration for the acquisition. Walgreens Boots Alliance fiscal year end will be August 31st and remember that our future earnings will be impacted by exchange rate movements most notably in the pound sterling and to a lesser extent the Euro.  Moving on to fiscal year 2016, many of you have asked my thoughts on our outlined goals and now that I have been here for nearly five months, I have had enough time to make a thorough assessment. Based on everything I have reviewed and learned, I am comfortable that the fiscal year 2016 goals and their associated assumptions are reasonable and reflective of the markets. I am confident that we have initiatives and resources in place to address the controllable elements that drive the adjusted EPS range. For those variables that are beyond our control, we have also identified actions that can help mitigate any unforeseen pressures. All goals involve risks and opportunities and we know that we must continue to execute in order to deliver on them.  I would now like to provide a few thoughts around our financial reporting and communications going forward. With regard to WBA, we are working diligently to develop the appropriate metrics and measures to help you better understand our business fundamentals. To that end, we will breakout the performance of the new company into three reporting segments; retail pharmacy USA which will include Walgreens and [indiscernible], retail pharmacy international which has pharmacy led health and beauty retail businesses in eight countries, and pharmaceutical wholesale which mainly operates under the Alliance Healthcare brand in 12 countries.  We plan to share more details at an upcoming Analyst Day in New York that we will host in the months after closing the deal. We will provide you more specifics on this event as we finalize our plans. 
Rick J. Hans: Thank you Tim. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions. When we get to your questions please limit yourself to one question. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Edward Kelly: Hi good morning guys. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Hi Ed, how are you?
Edward Kelly: Good, so Tim a question for you on looking forward on gross profit dollar growth. You hinted at increased pressures coming up for the remainder of the year. My question for you is, we saw about 2.6% increase in gross profit dollars this quarter, how do you expect to cater [ph] into that to look like over the next few quarters, it does sound like that would deteriorate over the second quarter? And then from an SG&A standpoint is there opportunity there where you still believe that you will be able to drive better gross profit dollar growth versus SG&A growth over the next few quarters? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Sure Ed, so let me just talk about the pressure that we are experiencing from a gross margin standpoint. I mean there is ongoing pressure from generic inflation. Some of the impact that we had in the fourth quarter was mitigated a little bit through some improvement in average wholesale price and the related impact on the growths etc. Certainly we have generated some additional synergies and from our joint venture buying group in Switzerland. And then as weve pointed out, that we do expect a step down in reimbursement levels associated with the Med Part D thats already contracted in.  So on a going forward basis we do expect continued pressure and maybe a little bit additional pressure going into the second quarter and thereafter. Well continue to I mean expect that well see some improvement in the average wholesale price which helps reimbursements, will continue to generate the synergies we can to mitigate that on a ongoing basis, and I will remind you that there is lots of speculation about the wisdom of taking on the Med Part D contracts. I will tell you that incrementally it is very attractive business.  Now clearly I mean there is a negative impact on overall margin percentage and even dollars relative to last year. But had we not undertaken that it would had a serious impact on both our revenues and our overall margins. So I mean in the end of the day it was a good thing for us to take that and generate some continuous to keep an attractive customer base coming to work to our stores and doing business with us.  Weve talked about a billion dollar cost reduction program, we made some good progress on that in the first quarter of this year as is evidenced by our results. We continue to execute against that and I would expect that largely to offset a big piece of the margin pressure that we continue to experience. 
Edward Kelly: Great, thank you. Happy holidays guys. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Thank you very much Ed. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities your line if open. 
John Heinbockel: Thanks. Two related things, I guess for Tim, do you think -- could third quarter reimbursement pressure be greater than the second just because of the three months? And then secondly for Alex, how are you guarding against all of this cost removal adversely impacting service levels in the stores. You are taking out an awful lot and you certainly dont want to trample on service aspects in the stores?
Timothy R. McLevish : Yes, I mean the second quarter obviously we have to step down to Med D, so well have some pressure there. I wouldnt expect further pressure from there, there isnt a natural step down in the third quarter on Med D. Well have to see how the generic inflation plays out but overtime we kind of eat into a little bit of that as the reimbursements get some support with improvement in NAWP, etc. So I dont expect a material -- more pressure in the third quarter relative to the second quarter.  Let me before I turn it over to Alex to respond, I just want to say one thing, our cost reduction effort certainly at some point has to take cost out of the store level. But thats the reverse order in which we are focusing on it. We are starting at the corporate level and working our way down to the supply chain and were making best effort to mitigate any impact it may have on delivering service to our customers. And in fact some of the things we are doing is taking work load off of our store managers and their store employees to enable them to better focus on customers. With that let me turn over to Alex to comment. 
Alexander W. Gourlay: Thanks Tim. Hi John, it is Alex here. Yes, Tims right I think the best example we can give you is the inventory adoption across the business. Tim said it was 1.2 billion in the quarter, 400 millionish in the front end. That just suggests lot of work load in the stores so that means that our people in the stores are able to spend more time focusing on customers and making sure they can actually get the right product on the store and on the shelf at the right time. I am feeling pretty good about program so we are just seeing cost naturally on reducing working capital and making us more efficient.  So thats a great example of one of the efforts in terms of cost reduction. We are really focused on workload in the corporate office and really important stores. We are really focused on giving our customers great care so we can make sure they come back time and again. We think these two things are completely compatible and that is what we are focused on. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Let me comment on one other piece. You noted the mix of impact on the front end on our retail products business. Traffic was down a little bit, margin was up and basket size was up. A big piece of that was elimination of questionable promotions from last year. But again as we endeavor t upgrade the quality of our product on the front end, improve the margin percentage, and illuminate some of those unprofitable promotions it actually takes a fair amount of work out of the store. So rather than hang lots of hang tags of discounts and so forth, our store employees are much better positioned to be supporting and providing service to our customers. 
John Heinbockel: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alvin Concepcion of Citigroup, your line is open.
Alvin Concepcion: Great, thank you and good morning. I believe in mid November you released this filing with some internal targets, particularly an EPS target of $3.40 in fiscal 2015. I am wondering if you could frame the results today which were very good as well as commentary that you are ahead of the 650 million in synergies this year and the closing data with that target as it relates to the internal target? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Alvin I want to remind you that what you read in the -- in our proxy statement was a piece of information provided to the bankers to enable them to generate fairness opinion on the transaction. And we havent confirmed that information but I will simply tell you this that the results of the first quarter are largely aligned with our expectation for the year. I mean it is kind of where we had anticipated the first quarter coming in and it is aligned with our projections for the year. 
Alvin Concepcion: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Lisa Gill of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill: Thanks very much. Tim, I think that when you talked about reimbursement pressure one of the things you talked about was specialty. Obviously a lot of new specialty drugs coming to market. Can you talk about the difference in the margin for a specialty product versus some of the other brand and generic products? And secondly as you think about your specialty pharmacy business for Walgreens, what do you see as some of the opportunities as we move into 2015?
Timothy R. McLevish: So, we regard specialty as a very important and strategic business. It carries some characteristics which create some distortions to some of the metrics as you might look at them but at the end of the day its attractive business and it is our strategy to continue to grow that business. These numbers arent going to be perfect and precise because they are averages but how I think about the specialty business, as you are talking about very expensive prescription drugs. They tend to carry prices up to 30 times what our average prescription would carry. They carry gross profit perhaps 10 times what our average gross profit would be across the rest of our portfolio.  So net, net that means that our margin percentage is going to be considerably less and it will put downward pressure on that margin percentage. However, generating margins of 10x of what our average is with modestly more SG&A to support it means a very attractive business for us. Again it may distort the ratios but it is very attractive and it generates very attractive dollar margins to support our business and operating profit.  I would also look to see the next test is kind of what is the return on investment on it but the -- on average probably the required inventory to support that is actually less than the average because typically we dont carry those prescriptions in the pharmacies or in our warehouses. It is just in our case now or AmerisourceBergen or upstream in the channels so, we arent carrying the inventory to support it. So it is attractive business on almost every level even though it creates some distortion in some of the ratios. 
Lisa Gill: And then Tim as you think about specialty, anything about infusion. There has been some news reports that you are looking to divest your infusion business. CBS recently has bought an infusion business, can you maybe just discuss why you dont see that as part of the offering around specialty?
Timothy R. McLevish: We dont comment on speculation or rumors in the marketplace that we have never confirmed any of those rumors. 
Lisa Gill: Okay, great. I appreciate it, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth of Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Mark Wiltamuth: Tim, one of the items thats been talked about in the past is your occupancy cost is little higher then youd like it to be, could you give us some read on how many of the stores will be rolling off of their leases and you could start to work down on that occupancy cost or any other plans you have to kind of work the occupancy cost down? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean on Balance, weve employed over the years of strategy to have the best corner or location in any geography and with an intent that it would generate more traffic and more revenue and obviously more margins and more profits. In some cases that worked, in some cases it didnt but on Balance it left us with an occupancy cost both in terms of rent or lease cost and another occupancy as part of the strategy to avoid better service and try to drive higher traffic and revenues, etc.  So in some cases we find there are many cases on Balance, the average when we look at it relative to our primary competitor, our occupancy cost and store costs are higher. We are doing lots of things to manage down all aspects of that overall cost structure including taking a hard look at those stores. Obviously we have a vast array of different terms remaining on leases. They tend to be 10 plus year leases and some of them are well into their lifecycle. But I can't say that we would have an appreciable impact short term on just waiting for those leases to naturally roll. We are taking the opportunity to go in where we can to renegotiate leases and then in some cases it's attractive for a land lord to do that. And were looking at a variety of things but it is not a short-term quick fix solution. But it is all part of our cost savings initiatives that we have talked about. 
Mark Wiltamuth: Do you think you need a smaller store format moving forward or is it just getting away from these key locations where you were just paying too much rent?
Timothy R. McLevish: I mean it covers the spectrum. Ill let Alex talk about it but in some locations we would benefit by a smaller format store then in some cases that we are well served by having the size and scale what we have. Alex?
Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi Mark, it is Alex here. We fill every single store more or less same size. It was build around the pharmacy business and it was a fantastic strategy as Tim said. So clearly when I was looking at it from a retail point of view, -- one of the options we are looking at in terms of how do we make more use of the asset. So, its a combination of as Tim said, rent with options overtime potentially so some space moves overtime. Also had to make even better use of the asset by having the right offer in that locality for the customers who are actually based around that store. These are all strategies that we are now deploying. 
Timothy R. McLevish : I mean as we have built the fleet, as Alex mentioned we tend to use kind of a cookie cut approach. So if you look at most of our stores they are quite similar in appearance and size and scale, etc. As we go forward we will probably adapt that format a little bit more to the market conditions and so forth. And we are doing everything we can for the existing fleet where the size doesnt fit optimally to the market to adjust as I talked about earlier.
Mark Wiltamuth: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hill of Deutsche Bank, your line is open. 
George Hill: Hey, good morning guys and thanks for taking the questions. Tim, you started talking about cost reductions and starting at the corporate level as opposed to the store level, is there any way for you to quantify for us kind of what is the corporate cost opportunity and how we should think about that?
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I am sorry George but I dont want to go in to specifics on where it is at. I mean weve identified, have the overall program. Ive also commented not quantified but commented that we will look harder at our cost structure and in all likelihood considering market conditions and considering the opportunity well go more aggressively at our cost reduction program. We havent finalized that, we havent communicated to our Board but as soon as we do well get back to be on it. But we are going to go after all cost or wherever there is opportunity and I prefer to start with those that are away from the customer, the furthest away from the customer. 
George Hill: Okay and then just maybe a real quick follow up, you highlighted the kind of Med D contracting terms, can you give us any more color on kind of the companies assumptions on kind of volumes and share gains in that space given how your setup in the preferred networks and lot of your preferred network partners looks like they are in a position to take share this selling season, I guess any further color you can give us on the change in reimbursement expectation versus the change in volume would be very helpful, thanks?
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean on Balance were some underwater on the incremental share and the incremental scripts that weve picked up relative to the step down in those that we already had. So if we had assumed that we could keep all of the existing scripts at the old prices we are deriving, it wasnt very attractive for us to enter into this contract. But the likelihood that somebody else would pick it up and would take that business away from us was quite high and it was better for us to continue to participate with a little bit somewhat lower margins on the existing business that we are doing. And we have picked up some incremental customers and prescriptions. But I can't quantify exactly what that is. On Balance though I would say it resulted in a step down in margins from the prior year. 
George Hill: And so volumes for 2015 expectations?
Timothy R. McLevish: Just need a -- there is not much on volume being ready. Were feeling pretty good about the market just now. The market is growing quite well, we have seen more life come into the market through the various initiatives of the government. But we are well prepared for January peak when a lot of people present scripts in the market for the first time to the new pharmacy. So we have a big focus on not on that we are feeling good about how well prepared we are in the market and the market looks solid as you have seen from other as well in this period. 
George Hill: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research, your line is open. 
Eric Bosshard: Thank you. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Good morning Eric. 
Eric Bosshard: Good morning. I am curious as you look forward thinking about the pharmacy gross margin, what your strategy is in terms of reimbursement rates. I think historically there was a focus on getting strong reimbursement for filling scripts at Walgreen store. I understand whats going out to Med D but thinking about the impacted influence of preferred and more narrow networks relative to the scale of your store network what is your strategy in terms of trying to defend or define reimbursement in your pharmacy relative to the trend in the market?
Timothy R. McLevish: It is Alex here, hi. You got to play in the market so as always -- weve always been in the market, weve always tried to compete in the market and give payers good value in the market. And thats what we are doing right now. Again the market has changed as we said before and we are working closely with the payers to make sure that we give them good volume. So that would be the intend going forward. The good thing we have that we didnt have before is that we have got the ability to leave these global buying -- so again as time goes forward we are feeling good about where the organization is and on the extra, again extra scale it is giving us. So again we are a big chain, we got global buying power and we should and will compete. 
Timothy R. McLevish: And I would also, I mean weve talked about the generic inflation that we have experienced over the last year. And some of that is catching up as the average wholesale price gets adjusted more to appropriate levels. The other thing that we are doing is as contracts -- our reimbursement contracts expire and we renew them, we are ensuring that we have inflation protection built into those and we are having good success in doing so. 
Eric Bosshard: And just a follow up if I could on, Alex I understand your comment on working closely with suppliers and doing a better job even on buying, Tim your comments earlier of upside to the 650 million this year and looking forward, the understanding I want to get into a ton of specifics but the source of optimism and upside is this more on the purchasing side or on the non-customer face and expense side where is the bigger incremental opportunity you are seeing for 2015 and beyond? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Really its on both sides Eric. Its in the generics a little modestly on the branded but big piece of it also is in the goods not for resale as we point out. But just by sheer magnitude of the opportunities, it more comes from the purchasing of generics. Under this head we are making good progress and we are on pace if not a little bit ahead on the target for the year. And as we flush that out going into second quarter I would expect us to update you on that and perhaps well see it pretty clear to providing a even better number. 
Eric Bosshard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Looks like we have time for one last question from Mark Miller of William Blair. Your line is open. 
Mark Miller: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Hi Mark.
Mark Miller: Hi, could you give us some perspective on the performance of Alliance Boots sales trends organically and so Id be looking for just any color you can give us on the retail comps and also the wholesale business as you bring in that business consolidating it into 2015?
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean we do as you know bring in our 45% share of Alliance Boots but until we close on the transaction we cant as a private company and we are not at liberty to share specifics of their performance results or growth. They do report periodically quarterly some information on their -- I guess annually on their website but they dont share detailed information and again we are not at liberty to share. 
Mark Miller: Then I have an accounting question so, we are seeing the Boots -- the numbers for AB up through August, whats going to happen to the results from September to December and are there any unusual expenses that get passed through that time period?
Timothy R. McLevish: I mentioned earlier that when we close on 12/31 the transaction it will be obviously be a 100% owned and it will be consolidated into the WBA totals. We are removing the lag as we report on a going forward basis but well restate to remove that lag and it will be all be adjusted from a historical perspective. 
Mark Miller: Okay, but that period September to December, those numbers actually will they pull through the P&L vent or I mean are there any expenses that are in that period that are unusual? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean I cant talk specifically about expenses that theyre incurring. Anything that you would have seen in ours will be reflected but you will see when we do restate for the first quarter of 2015 after we do consolidate, close the deal and consolidate any expenses, any unusual expenses that they might incur in that quarter will be reflected in our consolidated number. So you will have the visibility to them. 
Mark Miller: Okay, alright, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Thats all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Lastly on a personal note I believe all of you probably know I am planning on retiring as of the end of the month. Its been my honor and pleasure to work with Walgreens over the past 27 years and with all of you over last 15 years as the Head of Investor Relations. While many great accomplishments have been achieved at this company over this time period, I believe the best is yet to come. Thanks for wonderful memories on behalf of Walgreens let me one last time wish you all happy holidays. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-09-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - DVP, IR, Finance Greg Wasson - President, CEO Tim McLevish - CFO, EVP Alex Gourlay - President, Customer Experience & Daily Living Jeff Berkowitz - Co-President, Walgreens Boots Alliance Development GmbH
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Mark Miller - William Blair Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Eric Percher - Barclays Capital George Hill - Deutsche Bank Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Lisa Gill - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreen Co., Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Rick Hans. Sir, you may begin.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Amanda, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO; and Tim McLevish, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss the quarter and the fiscal year. Also joining us on the call, and available for questions are Alec Gourlay, President of Customer Experience and Daily Living; and Jeff Berkowitz, Co-President of Walgreen Boots Alliance Development. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our Web site at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations Web site. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our Web site for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. Today I will begin with a review of the highlights of the quarter and the fiscal year. Next, I will provide an update on our progress toward the launch of Walgreens Boost Alliance Inc. And finally, I will look ahead to fiscal 2015. And then I will turn the call over to Tim McLevish for a more detailed financial review. In the quarter, we continue to see improvements in our top line with growth in our Daily Living business and prescription volume that resulted in our largest quarterly and fiscal year sales increases in three years. In addition, we continued to see margin improvement across the front end of our business. As we move into fiscal 2015, we are very focused on our performance. We put into place a strong blended management team for the future of Walgreen Boots Alliance organization, which is bringing greater focus and clarity to the critical work at hand. For the quarter, net sales were $19.1 billion up 6.2% from $17.9 billion in the fourth quarter last year. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $969 million down 5.8% from $1 billion last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.14 billion up 3.5% from $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter 2013. The GAAP loss per share in the fourth quarter equaled $0.25 compared to earnings per share of $0.69 last year. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.74 up 1.4% from $0.73 in the same quarter last year. This quarter's GAAP results were negatively impacted by $866 million or $0.90 per diluted share non-cash loss related to the amendment and exercise during the quarter of the company's Alliance Boots call option. I will turn into our fiscal year performance, sales were $76.4 billion compared to $72.2 billion last year up 5.8%. GAAP operating income was $4.2 billion up 6.4% from $3.9 billion in fiscal 2013. Adjusted operating income for the year was $4.9 billion compared to $4.7 billion in 2013 up 4.6%. Our full year GAAP earnings per diluted share were $2 down 21.9% from $2.56 last year and on an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share were $3.28 up 5.1% compared to $3.12 last year. We closed fiscal 2014 entering the next important phase in our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots amending an exercise and the option to complete the second step. Through the transaction, the new Walgreens Boots Alliance will have unmatched global reach strength and leadership and a broad mix of retail health, well-being and beauty businesses and an international pharmacy wholesale network all dedicated to ensuring people across the world lead healthier and happier lives. This fiscal year, we also completed the transition of our drug distribution into AmerisourceBergen. Their company now supplies virtually all of our brand and generic medications; the strategic relationship together with Alliance Boots is establishing the leading global pharmaceutical wholesale and distribution network. Importantly, we achieved $491 million in synergies through our WBAD joint venture. Our retail pharmacy market share grew 30 basis points to 19% in fiscal 2014 and we filled a record 856 million prescriptions. In our Daily Living business, it was a big year for beauty. We launched boots number 7 products in our Phoenix and New York markets and our flagship locations to a very positive customer reaction and improved performance. And finally, we increased our dividend for the 39th consecutive year. Turning to trends in gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars, in the fourth quarter on a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollars increased 2.6% or $136 million from a year ago SG&A dollars increased 4.8% or $207 million compared to the same time last year. Adjusted gross profit dollars increased 2.6% or $133 million compared to the same quarter last year. Gross profit dollars grew primarily as a result of the improvements in script comps and front-end comp sales. Gross profit dollar growth also benefited from brand to generic conversions year-over-year, but were negatively impacted by lower third party reimbursement and generic drug price inflation. Our adjusted SG&A dollars increased 2.1% or $86 million compared to the same quarter last year. These results reflect the impact of savings from enterprise optimization, our efforts underway to improve efficiency across the organization. Looking ahead, we will continue our strong focus on cost reduction driving to achieve our $1 billion target over three years, which we announced in August. We have put headquarters and non-labor spending reductions into immediate effect and are continuing to work toward greater efficiencies in our processes through Walgreens lien Six Sigma. Now, turning to our key performance drivers. In pharmacy, health and wellness, our script comp was up 3.9% in the quarter. We filled 211 million prescriptions in the quarter up 4.2% from the same period last year. To drive that performance, we continued our focus on winning with high value seniors through preferred relationships with Medicare Part D plans. Since 2013, our prescription share with Med Part D seniors has grown more than twice as fast as the overall retail prescription share. On average Med D seniors fill 3x as many prescriptions as our non-Part D  non-Med D customers. We also are capturing share in the fast growing specialty market by improving and integrating care for patients with complex chronic disease states across our enterprise. By the end of the fiscal year, we now have access to more than 100 limited distribution drugs by manufacturers reflecting their growing desire to work with our unique specialty network of health system pharmacies, complex therapy pharmacies and fusion pharmacies and our specialty at retail offering. In the fourth quarter, we continued to face headwinds to our pharmacy margin from ongoing pressure from reimbursement and generic drug inflation. To address the pressure on our pharmacy margin, we are focused on our contracting strategy to a lot of our payer contracts to the realities of an inflationary versus a deflationary market. We are also aggressively working to reduce total pharmacy costs by increasing efficiencies and providing high quality and cost effective pharmacy services. Finally, Tim will discuss in greater detail the factors affecting generic inflation. We believe through our WBAD joint venture, we are well positioned to leverage our unique global retail wholesale relationships to create a long-term competitive advantage in the marketplace. Turning to our front-end comp sales, which increased 1.3% in the fourth quarter, average basket size grew 3.5%, while traffic was down 2.2% as we cycled a more aggressive promotional environment from a year ago. Key categories such as cough, cold and allergies drove comp sales and as I mentioned earlier, our front-end margin continued to improve in the fourth quarter compared to the same quarter last year with solid performance in health and beauty. At the end of August, we had 82 million active balance rewards members giving us valuable insights that allow us to target our promotional investments even more efficiently. We are also offering store wide events designed to further build loyalty. In the quarter, we converted or opened 88 well-experienced format stores giving us a total of 750 with plans for an additional 1000 in the coming year. These formats offer more integrated health and wellness products and solutions provide a private consultation room to receive health services and speak to your trusted pharmacists. And offer personal care and everyday items our customers' value. We are integrating these new store designs with digital and mobile technology to offer our customers ultimate convenience. And finally, with our newest flagship store in Wrigley building here in Chicago, we now have 14 flagships in 9 major markets. These flagships along with our well-experienced stores bring a real vibrancy to our markets and build awareness of our brand. Our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots contributed $0.06 of adjusted EPS accretion in the fourth quarter, combined synergies reached $124 million in the quarter and $491 million for the fiscal year. For fiscal 2015, we are introducing a full year combined synergy target of approximately $650 million. In addition, we are making good progress on the integration of our two companies. We recently held our first meeting in Bern, Switzerland with the future Walgreens Boots Alliance leadership team to ensure we are on track to close in the first quarter of calendar 2015. Meeting was extremely productive as we prepared to launch our new company and hit the ground running on day one. As you know, we also filed our preliminary proxy on September 16th and are now working toward obtaining all regulatory approvals and the vote of our shareholders. Finally, let me be clear. While the work underway to integrate our two organizations is an important strategic priority, the overwhelming majority of our team remained focused on serving our customers, improving our top line, expanding margins and bringing our costs down. Now, looking ahead to 2015, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the industry tailwinds and aging population growth in chronic conditions, consumerization of healthcare, increase new generics and growing demand for a personalized experience. With a suite of healthcare services and team of professional in our communities, with our approach to omni-channel access and the strength of our loyalty program and most important, the potential of our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots, we're positioned well to serve the needs of a changing customer and industry. We expect to continue to drive sales and margin growth in the front-end, offering ultimate convenience, the best in customer loyalty and extraordinary customer care with a focus on integrating health, beauty and convenience. We also expect to continue to increase pharmacy volume and share with high-value customers through growth in Med D, enterprise specialty and immunizations. Building on our efforts to optimize our enterprise and control SG&A, our three-year cost reduction plan is already underway. Looking at savings at the corporate field and store levels, we expect to begin to realize incremental benefits in fiscal 2015 and we will expand on these efforts leveraging the expertise of both Walgreens and Alliance Boots moving forward. We are realistic about the headwinds we face for the year, a cautious consumer, ongoing reimbursement pressure, generic drug inflation and significant step-downs from Med D reimbursement rates. The market reality certainly created challenge for us in fiscal 2015, but one that we understand except and are driven to meet. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. I will begin with the details regarding our fourth quarter performance then provide a few thoughts on capital structure, expectations for fiscal year 2015 and finish with some comments on our long-term goals. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP loss of $0.25 per share, but this doesn't tell the whole story. The GAAP loss of $0.25 per share walks to an adjusted earnings of positive $0.74 per share for the quarter and is illustrated by this chart. The GAAP number is first adjusted by $0.90 to reverse the accounting treatment of the call option to purchase the remaining 55% ownership interest in Alliance Boots. Let me elaborate on this. GAAP accounting requires that upon amendment and exercise of the call option, the company needed to compare the fair value of the amended option with the book value of the original option and record a gain or loss to recognize the difference. Applying the standard, we determined that the fair value of the amended option once exercised was estimated to be zero. This valuation is as a financial instrument without regard to its strategic value. This reduction in value was primarily due to the shorter duration of the amended option and the appreciation since the original valuation in the price of Walgreen stock. The resultant effect required us to record a non-cash loss on the exercise of the call of $866 million with no tax benefit  with no immediate tax benefit. I will also point out that for GAAP EPS purposes and due to the loss any outstanding stock options would be anti-dilutive and they are not included in the share count. As a result, 956 million basic shares was used in the calculation for GAAP EPS. But since the adjusted EPS is positive, the effect of the diluted shares has been reflected. The remaining adjustments should be more familiar to you. A LIFO provision of a negative $0.01 per share, acquisition related items were $0.11 per share, consisting of $0.06 of acquisition-related amortization, $0.01 of acquisition-related costs and $0.04 from Alliance Boots related tax. And finally, the special items had a negative impact of $0.01 per share. This was comprised of a negative $0.10 impact of the warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen to Walgreens and Alliance Boots, Alliance Boots impact was reported on a three-month lag basis. Also, a gain on the sale of a business of $0.01 was partially offset by the positive $0.10 impact of store closures and other assets optimization cost. Turning now to comparable store script numbers, on a one-year and two-year stack basis, in the quarter, comp scripts increased 3.9% on top of 7.1% in the prior year. The three year stack, therefore, on script comps has improved dramatically at or over 11% for both of the last two quarters. This performance reflects growth of our underlying business, the ongoing progress in winning new Medicare Part D customers, an increase of 90-day at retail scripts and the return of the Express Scripts patients. According to IMS, we grew script 60 basis points faster than the retail industry in the quarter. Likewise, we look at front end comparable store sales fronts on both the one year and two year stack basis. In the quarter, we reported 1.3% front-end comp with the individual components of this being basket size, which increased by 3.5% and traffic which decreased by 2.2%. You can see that comps have been positive for the last six quarters and the two year stack comp trends have improved about 400 basis points since the second quarter of 2013. Now on to margins, adjusted gross margin was 27.9% in the current quarter compared to 28.9% last year, 100 basis point decline. Margins were solid on the front end, but were weak in the pharmacy. Front-end margin benefited from our purchasing synergies and our strategy of winning in the most important categories particularly in health and wellness and beauty, which is also driving market share growth. The primary drivers for the pharmacy margin decrease were increased third party reimbursement pressure partly due to contract step downs increased Medicare Part D business mix including our strategy to continue driving 90-day prescriptions at retail, pronounced generic drug inflation on a subset of generic drugs and the mix of specialty drugs partially offsetting these pharmacy margin decreases were the positive effect of the increased rate of introductions of new generic this quarter versus the year ago quarter and purchasing synergies in the pharmacy. As we look into the future, for the next quarter we expect the negative factors impacting pharmacy margin to outweigh the expected benefit from new generic introductions and front-end margin improvement. Let me say a few additional words about generic drug inflation. The dynamics under which generic drug and manufacturers can avail themselves of pricing actions has not changed. They are able to raise prices when demand outpaces supply. These drug supplies can be impacted by a number of mechanisms including regulatory actions by the FDA resulting the shutdowns of both API and finished dosage for manufacturing plants, generic drug manufacturer consolidation and portfolio harmonization, API manufacturer consolidation and FDA backlog on approvals as well as a shrinking pipeline of first to market generic blockbuster launches. Our current environment is experiencing all of these mechanisms and as a result, the average inflation in our basket of generic drugs is mid-single digit as measured on a comparable drug priced basis. This change is caused by very large price increases and a small percent of molecules because these supply constraints and other factors are continuing, we expect a generic drug inflation will be with us for a while. In the meantime, we are working diligently to minimize the impact of this inflation by tracking the movement of AWP. And working with market participants to help them understand the importance of appropriate AWP adjustments to represent changes in actual drug costs, evolving our payer contracts to reflect the realities of an inflationary versus a deflationary market and working through our joint venture to secure better costs by leveraging our unique global retail and wholesale value proposition to create a long-term competitive advantage in the marketplace. Jeff Berkowitz is here with us today and available to answer any further questions about this subject. As you know, the mix of generic and specialty drugs can have a significant impact on gross profit margins, so we also focus on gross profit dollar growth in our business. This next chart illustrates our one and two-year stack gross profit dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last 16 quarters. The primary difference between GAAP and adjusted gross profit is LIFO provision. So let's review the one and two-year stack trends on an adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased 2.6% compared to a strong 4.3% growth in the year ago period. This growth was positively impacted by the comparable store script and sales trends in both the pharmacy and front-end respectively. It was negatively impacted by the same factors that impacted pharmacy margin that I described earlier. Despite this impact two-year stack in adjusted gross profit dollar growth trended up for the fiscal year. This chart illustrates our one and two-year stack SG&A dollar change trends on a GAAP basis for the last 16 quarters. Let me walk you through the adjustments to SG&A. For the quarter, GAAP SG&A dollar change was 4.8%, our adjustments included 3.2% for store closures and other optimization costs, 20 basis points for acquisition related costs and as shown our adjustment also included 20 basis points for a decrease in amortization costs, 30 basis points for distributor transition costs, and 20 basis points for other small items in the quarter. The walk yields and adjusted SG&A dollar change of 2.1% for the quarter. Two-year stack adjusted SG&A dollar trends increased versus a year ago by 310 basis points with a two-year stack of 3.6% up from 50 basis points last year. The two year stack from the year ago included a period when we were out of the Express Scripts network in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. In general, two-year stack SG&A dollar change has trended down over the last 16 quarters. Our operating model required widening the gap between gross profit dollar growth and the SG&A dollar change. Now, I would like to take  to provide a little bit more detail on a few components of the income statement. This quarter included a LIFO benefit of $18 million versus a benefit of $8 million a year ago. Net interest expense for the quarter was $43 million versus $55 million last year. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 231.9% versus 35.4% last year. The loss on the Alliance Boots call option was non-deductible for tax purposes resulting in this dramatic increase in the effective tax rate. This loss however, is available to be carried forward and offset against future capital gains through fiscal 2020. But, under GAAP rules, we are not able to reflect the benefit until we have identified specific gains against which we can offset the loss. Average diluted shares outstanding were 968 million versus 957 million last year. The change is primarily due to options exercised and the impact of higher stock price in the money options. And now, a few words on our AB partnership. The combined net synergies for the quarter totaled $124 million and for the fiscal year $491 million. Adjusted EPS accretion totaled $0.06 for the quarter and $0.43 for the fiscal year. For the first quarter of 2015, we expect accretion from Alliance Boots to total $0.10 to $0.11 versus $0.14 in the quarter and the first quarter of 2014. Note the last year's accretion received a $0.07 tax benefit from the U.K. tax law change and this year a $0.02 benefit from AB's acquisition of its partner's interest in the joint venture. For fiscal 2015, we expect the combined synergies to be approximately $650 million. We are very pleased with both the progress and the benefits we are receiving from this partnership. Now, couple of words on working capital. Accounts receivable increased 22.3%, let me explain the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to higher vendor funding receivables to the joint venture AmerisourceBergen for rebates. This increase was partially offset by better third party receivables. LIFO inventories decreased 11.3% and accounts payables decreased 6.9%, both in conjunction with the terms of our new agreement with AmerisourceBergen as the remaining generic pharmacy distribution transitioned to them. Under the terms of the agreement, we expect both the inventories  we expected both the inventories and account payables to decline. Overall, net working capital increased by 2.7% versus a year ago an opportunity as we increase our focus on cash flow. Speaking of which let's look at how we did. For the year, we generated approximately $3.9 billion in cash from operations versus $4.3 billion in the year ago period. Free cash flow in the fiscal year was $2.8 billion versus $3.1 billion in the prior year. The lower cash flows in the year were primarily due to changes in working capital I just mentioned. Our capital allocation policy is structured to ensure a balanced and disciplined approach to capital and includes investing across core businesses at suitable returns to drive organic growth, pursuing strategic opportunities, including M&A that meet our return requirements and drive long-term growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility with a commitment to solid investment grade credit ratings and returning cash to shareholders by committing to 30% to 35% dividend payout target over the long-term and finally returning cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. As you know, we're currently executing against our $3 billion share repurchase authorization. Many investors have recently asked us about the potential for incremental share buybacks beyond that $3 billion. As you know, the level of share repurchases are function of many considerations, including the impact on the cost of debt, leveraged ratios, credit ratings, the relative return on the investment and alternative uses of free cash. We will continue to discuss our capital allocation policies with our Board and will make any future changes when appropriate to maximize shareholder value. Now, let me comment about fiscal year 2015. While we have set a new goal for fiscal 2016, the trajectory to get there is not linear. The tailwinds we expect through fiscal 2016 will be largely offset in the short-term. Of note, our reimbursement rate pressure, including specifically lower Medicare Part B reimbursements coming in January of 2015 and the continued impact of generic drug inflation. Also affecting the EPS growth rate in 2015 is the timing of the close of step two with Alliance Boots. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to be between 29% and 30%. Our share count at fiscal 2015 year-end is expected to be approximately 1.1 billion shares, the average shares outstanding for the year will be subject to the timing of the close and the pace of our share repurchase. We will continue to focus on utilizing available cash to offset dilution; that is, the impact of dilution due to option exercised and the dilutive impact of in the money on exercised options. In fiscal 2014, CapEx was $1.1 billion. This was below our original plan of 1.4 billion as we slowed some investing in well experienced stores until we further optimized the investments and rollout plan. In fiscal 2015, we now plan to convert or open an additional 1000 stores to the well experienced format. The step up and expected CapEx to $1.7 billion reflects this new expansion plan. We also like to provide some further clarification on interest expense for 2015. Due to market sensitivity around our financing plans, we cannot provide any specific estimates at this time. We will be in a better position to provide this on our next earnings call. But to give you some perspective, I would offer the following. We have an obligation to deliver $3.1 billion in Sterling at close that equates to approximately $5 billion at today's exchange rates. We're factoring that obviously into our financing plans. We also intend to refinance substantially all of the Alliance Boots debt at closing to optimize our capital structure and take advantage of lower rates afforded by our combined credit profile. You can look to AB's last reported gross debt balance for reference a point, but please understand that this does not reflect the debt issued and assumed with the recent acquisition of FASA. Finally, you can assume our current reported interest expense is a reasonable run rate for 2015 for Legacy Walgreens interest expense. In order to accomplish our step two objectives, we would look to secure the necessary capital in advance of our expected closing, which we are targeting for the first quarter of calendar 2015. In our first quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect our interest expense to be comparable to the fourth quarter at $43 million the tax rate to be approximately 30% and the average share count to be about 957 million shares. Before closing, I want to take the opportunity to make sure that everyone understands the major elements and the reconciliation of the original fiscal year 2016 adjusted EBIT goal that the company first presented in the summer of 2012 to the new adjusted EPS goal announced this past August. This slide identifies the relative sizes of the four major elements involved in the walk from the old goal to the new goal namely Walgreens front-end, Alliance Boots, Walgreens Pharmacy and finally the Walgreens incremental cost savings. Even though we're not quantifying the side of each element in this reconciliation, we wanted to give you a sense of the relative magnitude as well as some of the individual factors for each element contributing to the shortfall. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg for a few final remarks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Tim. Let me close by saying that overall the quarter met our expectations and closed on a challenging important and historic year for Walgreens. We recognize we have more to do and as fiscal 2015 is another milestone year for our company. We have two very important opportunities ahead of us. The first, drive performance and execution for Walgreen Co. and the second, established Walgreen Boots Alliance as the first global pharmacy led health and well-being company. A few weeks into fiscal 2015 I am confident in the combined leadership team we have put in place. We're already working well together to develop and implement plans to improve performance across the business. We have the discipline and focus we need to deliver the performance you expect. Finally, as we close the book on fiscal 2014, I want to thank our customers, the Walgreens and Alliance Boots teams and our shareholders for their commitment to our company and confidence in our future. We are equally committed to meeting your expectations as we bring two great companies together to create something even greater for all of us. Thank you and I will now turn the call back to Rick.
Rick Hans : Thank you, Greg and Tim. That concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. Amanda?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the questions and all the details this morning. Obviously, the big focus in the industry has been around pharmacy reimbursement. We heard one of your competitors a few weeks ago talk about increased pressure that they are now anticipating given some of the contract negotiations that they are in the midst of. And I know you guys called out Part D rates and ongoing general reimbursement pressure this morning, but I was hoping you guys could just delve into it a little bit deeper and maybe give us some order of magnitude of how you are thinking about the reimbursement rates as we get into the fiscal 2015? Maybe just even on a historical perspective, how are you anticipating this reimbursement pressure relative to what we've seen in previous years?
Greg Wasson: Yes. Bob thanks and I'll let Jeff weigh in here a little bit as well. I think as we  you laid them out quite well frankly, I think commercial reimbursement pressure, ongoing reimbursement pressure will be on the order of magnitude of what we've seen going forward. Part D, our one-year contracts as you know, certainly this past year that market became much more competitive with the preferred plans and other providers wanting to get into those plans primarily because of the share gains we're realizing. In 2016, we don't expect to see that significant of a step-down. We think there will continue to be pressures plans we're looking to control costs. And then certainly with generic inflation being a big driver of those contracts versus the deflation that we've seen over the past, we're going to have to really understand and understand where generic inflation is going. Jeff, I will let you weigh in a little bit.
Jeff Berkowitz: I think, Greg, just on that point as the generic inflation dynamic has unfolded over the course of the past 12 months. We have been developing contracting strategies to adjust it more proactively. We started to incorporate protections into our agreements that adjusted inflation dynamics that we're seeing and we have actually successfully incorporated some protective language in one of our first major renewables moving forward. I think, with that as a baseline, we are beginning to [construct our payer] (ph) arrangements and the generic inflation impact really impacts a variety of stakeholders, not just retail pharmacies. So as our reimbursement agreements continue to cycle through, our own stakeholders are going to have to continue to adjust to their potential new reality of fewer new generics being launched and inflation on a small subset of mature generics, which may mean the payers will come to expect lesser discounts from pharmacies and clients and payers may get less discount guaranteed as contracts come around for renewal and we continue to see inflation.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Jeff, I think that makes sense. I guess just one follow-up on that issue. I mean, it sounds like you guys have made some progress. But do you think that ultimately this issue around dealing with inflation is something you guys can actually mitigate through better contracting? Or do you think you need to see legislative action take place in order for this not to be kind of a structural issue for the industry going forward?
Greg Wasson: I would  Bob, I'll lead off and then let Jeff get to specifics. I think it will probably end paying both. I think certainly we do think that it's going to persist based on our intelligence and all the industry intelligence that we're seeing out there. It's hard to predict. I think Jeff and his team have really ramped up their predictive modeling so we can understand what may happen going forward. But, I think that we may indeed see the benchmark, the tables begin to reflect what's really going on with cost inflation, we'll begin to see some of that as we speak and then a lot of the different things that Jeff and team are doing with regard to putting inflation protection into contracts. So I think we will begin to be able to get after.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: All right. Great. Thanks for the questions.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Miller with William Blair. Your line is open.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Yes, hi, good morning. Question on cash flow. So came down in fiscal 2014, even as you trimmed your CapEx budget. I guess as we look ahead it was a step-up in CapEx and more of the well-experienced stores, can you give us a sense for how free cash flow, the organization may trend the other pieces being just a little further understanding of where working capital goes and also the relationship with AmerisourceBergen? Thanks.
Tim McLevish: I'll take that one, Mark. And obviously, we'll have some step-up in earnings. So that will be a positive component of that. I think the majority if not all of the step-up in inventories and I mean the step-up in accounts payable and receivables resulting from our arrangements will have already been reflected in 2014. So we shouldn't see an increase there. I think we need to continue to work at our working capital, so I would expect to be pushing that down rather than up. And obviously, we've identified that there will be a step-up in CapEx for the year.
Mark Miller - William Blair: But just as a follow-up then netting that altogether, Tim, are we expecting an increase in free cash flow and there is any sense for magnitude? Thanks.
Tim McLevish: Yes, I mean, I would say, it's probably not materially different from what we saw in this year. I think that's clearly a focus area as we'll go forward to improve our cash flows, but immediately I don't anticipate that's going to be material change for 2015.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Good morning and thank you for the color that you provided on the call. Just digging a little bit further, when we think about the headwinds that you expect in fiscal year 2015 and then the cost-cutting initiatives that you launched to offset, can you just help us understand the magnitude, the dollar magnitude of the headwinds? And we're not looking for line item by line item, but you gave us numbers through the end of fiscal year 2016 for both. If you can just clarify what percent of that is going to materialize over the next 12 months would be very helpful.
Greg Wasson: Well, Ricky, maybe I'll start, I'll let Tim weigh. And I think we did say without giving the actual numbers that certainly we wouldn't expect to see a linear progression from what you saw in 2014 through 2016. And I think that's the main thing. I think we do see significant headwinds yet in 2015. And as we said, we think that a lot of the tailwinds that we see will be outweighed by those headwinds with generic inflation persisting so forth. With that said, we do feel that we're taking concrete actions now that are giving us confidence that we certainly can hit and exceed the 2016 goals. But I guess without breaking it down bit by bit, certainly it will not be a linear progression from 2014 to 2016. Tim, any color?
Tim McLevish: Yes. I agree with that. I mean we talked about risk of repeating what you just said and what we said in the script, but we will experience these short-term headwinds before that will take a big chunk of the tailwinds that we have coming that will drive us to 2016. In the meantime, we're undertaking cost-cutting program, we're well into that. How much of it actually will materialize in this year particularly as we see the headwinds, we're stepping up a phase on that. So we will look at accelerating that to the degree we possibly can. We've already undertaken some hiring freezes and some other actions to reduce the cost for the year.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: So when we think about these cost cuts and it sounds like hiring freeze is probably going to cap growth of SG&A rather than take out SG&A, but I mean you talked a little bit about cost cuts coming from kind of like corporate level expenses. Have you been able to identify some significant cost savings opportunities at the store level as well? And again, should we think about it more as a kind of like a 2016 opportunity?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky, maybe I'll start with the fact that with Tim coming on as CFO and certainly the Walgreens Boot Alliance Finance Director, Tim is going to be quarterback in cost across the group as well as making sure that we have the targets that we expect. And I think we need to get  Alec Gourlay certainly taken on the U.S. business as President-elect will own and be accountable for the WAG business with Mark Wagner who's coming out of the stores and one of our strong leaders as far as executing  will be leading that for Alec. I'll let Alec kind of give a little color on where he has identified the sources for Phase 1 and the second and third phases, how he is kind of looking at it. Alec?
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. I think that we see some opportunity in the near-term to really stop spending. As you said, money which is not really having an impact to their own customers so the first phase will all be about protecting the customer end and working back the way. We're pretty confident that we see opportunity hanging in to 2015, but we have more work to do to first of all ensure we can and then confirm we can. But we feel pretty good about that. Then going forward, as you said, the majority of the structural change will happen towards 2016 as we think about how do we actually set the business up for the future.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Ricky.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meredith Adler with Eric Percher. Your line is open.
Eric Percher - Barclays Capital: Thank you. It's Eric Percher and Meredith Adler from Barclays. The question for Tim and perhaps Jeff. When you entered the relationship with AmerisourceBergen, you believe generic pricing was deflationary in trajectory and now you see inflation and it sounds like it's here to stay. Does ABC have a  or Amerisource have a role to play in offsetting the negative inflationary impact or does that responsibility really lie with WBAD? And how has WBAD's game plan changed? You talked about the changes that Walgreens relative to contracting, how have you changed your manufacturing strategy for an inflationary environment?
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, Jeff  yes, Meredith, I guess I'll take the second one first because we've actually got quite a few things that we've been doing in the short-term that we can do in the longer term. I think we continue to believe that the coming together Walgreens and Alliance Boots as well as the strategic alliance with ABC is providing a long-term sustainable competitive advantage in the marketplace as Greg had mentioned. Even right now, despite this inflation on a very small subset of molecules and we have to keep in mind that the vast majority of molecules continue to experience deflation versus the small amount of hyperinflation on a very small amount of molecules. Just right now WBAD has been able to roll out a new and enhanced price protection policy with generic manufacturers that provides actually lengthier protection to Walgreen in an inflationary environment, providing more flexibility for us to develop alternatives and also more time to allow us dynamics to catch up. I think this dynamic over the past 12 months has also forced us to tighten the systems and processes and communication between the teams. So we've enhanced our analytics that now allow us to much more proactively forecast where we may see inflation, which is allowing us to take much more initiative and be pre-emptive rather than be active in the face of that inflation. In terms of ABC, certainly, when you think about the Walgreens Boots Alliance development organization WAG AB and ABC, we've really brought together four of the best in class generic procurement teams across four companies with an extremely large amount of volume, which is very important to the generic manufacturers. So the volume and the relationships that we have with ABC has really helped us continue to manage the dynamic moving forward.
Eric Percher - Barclays Capital: And when you see price  when you say price protection is now being built in, can you expand on what that means and how that comes to play?
Greg Wasson: Well, I think maybe  Eric, go in for Jeff there, we don't want to go into that too much. Obviously, we want to make sure we maintain a competitive advantage. But I think what Jeff has done and team within the WBAD have worked with the manufacturers to get us additional protection as we go forward it gives us time to react. But I think I'd like to withhold any more information than that.
Eric Percher  Barclays Capital: That's fair. And I guess the last question would be, do you feel like most of that pressure that's not structural or product mix is coming from a relatively limited number of manufacturers? And do you think the movement to outsourcing efforts helped create that push for more inflation?
Greg Wasson: Well, again, I think it's a host of things that have driven that inflation. Certainly, there is consolidation in the buying space with us and three or four other large buyers buying about 80% to 90% of the generics. But at the same dynamic, there is some consolidation in suppliers. But that said, I wouldn't say that all of it. There are a lot of other dynamics, I see Jeff want to weigh in here that are really at the group costs. Some of those will be a lot more  or longer  or more persistent than others. Jeff?
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, I would look at it as more a molecule-led than vendor-led. I mean, we continue to forge very deep relationships at the highest levels and on a global scale with the major generic manufacturers. But the inflation that we're seeing is really not associated with any one particular vendor. It's really based on the molecule opportunity where there is harmonization in the portfolios, or manufacturers have supply issues or pulling out of molecules where that price opportunity comes, somebody then takes an increase and the others feel some confidence to follow up, sometimes later than others. So I look at it as  from a molecule perspective and a supply perspective versus a vendor perspective where we have developed very deep relationships.
Eric Percher - Barclays Capital: It's very helpful. I'll pass it on.
Greg Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Yes, good morning. First of all, Tim, welcome aboard.
Tim McLevish: Thank you, George.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Maybe I'll hop right into Jeff, can you quantify for us and I'm going to keep kind of coming back to slide 37 here in the present -- I'm sorry, 33 in the presentation. I guess, can you quantify how many of the payer contracts have been addressed or how much of the dollar value of the payer contracts has been addressed with respect to generic drug price inflation? The necessary reimbursement changes that need to be made part A. And then I guess part B to my question would be between Jeff and Tim, if I look at that Walgreens Pharmacy red box on slide 33, how much of that should I think of is at risk or flexible with respect to the company success in being able to renegotiate some of these payer contracts?
Greg Wasson: I'll let Jeff weigh in on the first and then Tim as far as the contracts.
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, I'd say our contracts span different contracting strategies depending on who we are working with and we sign multi-year agreements that come up over time. As a said earlier, we've already started incorporating that protection into our agreements, addressing the inflation dynamic and we already have a proved point that we successfully incorporated some protective language in one of our first major renewals since the dynamics taken place. So I think we will continue to work very closely with our managed care customers' over time to help them understand that dynamic and also help them understand the downstream impact to their own customer and client base as they need to work with them on the different financials that are taking place in the inflationary market.
Tim McLevish: I'll respond to the second part of your question, George. I mean, I think you are referring to the box called Walgreens Pharmacy and identify as the major component pieces being Medicare part D. I don't anticipate there is going to be material changes. I mean, we will continue to endeavor to mitigate any of these we possibly can, but I think the Medicare part D rates are going to continue to decline, I don't see a lot of hope out for that. We are seeing some of the volume recovery from the Express Scripts a couple of years ago but that's pretty much on pace with what we had anticipated when we put together this back in August. The generic inflation and we talked a lot about that you have this good a sense for that as we do based upon Jeff's comments. And again, the commercial reimbursement rate we continue to try to embed that in the contract, but it's unlikely that we are going to go back and get a step up for already inflation but we would hope that we would mitigate and minimize as any impact from future inflation. So I think this is a pretty realistic depiction of what we should anticipate in the going forward basis. It doesn't mean that we are  everyday out there trying to find ways to offset through any of these mechanisms. And obviously, as we talked about driving cost improvement is another major area that we will continue to work at.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So it sounds like there is probably not a lot of upward relief but maybe we can mitigate the downward pressure. I guess then just a quick follow-up on that would be with respect to the synergy targets you guys have highlighted that it's going to be actually a pretty norm when you ramp, we think about 12, yet a big slip up in 2013, 2014 is a little  2014 was a big step up, 2015 is a slighter, looks like 2016 is a big step up. Can you provide any of the color on any of the moving pieces, I guess aside from the close of a deal on what drives the synergy step up in fiscal 2016, and I will hop back in the queue with that.
Greg Wasson: Yes. George, may I will. Yes, I think certainly to start with the fact that, the good thing is first two years of the program we have exceeded those synergy targets. We still feel confident. We will exceed actually $1 billion in 2016. The leveling off so to speak from what we have seen in 2015 or the slight or lesser increase was plan. The first couple of years Jeff and team and John Donovan did a great job getting at the synergies from generic drug procurement that we talk about. That was the  I don't want to call that easy by any means throw something, certainly where we saw the earlier opportunities the first two years. The longer term synergy opportunities are  which are things like owned brand, expansion within the Walgreens front of store improvement across both Boots and Walgreens. We knew we are longer term. We knew they would come in 2015, 2016. Alec has done a terrific job in building confidence with pilots to help us understand how  to grow out some of those opportunities and when they will come. So it was planned, we have realized earlier synergy opportunities that's what we went after first and we feel confident the longer term synergies in 2016, maybe I will Alec give you some proof points as to why we do feel confident in that slope.
Alex Gourlay: If I can Greg, I just
Greg Wasson: Yes.
Alex Gourlay: Because I observe that there is a flattening going in 2015 of that synergy level. We stand behind the ultimate objective. We think we are on track to get that as Greg pointed out. We did see a little flattening of the curve in 2015. The large piece of that is and not to diminish all the good work that's been done by Jeff and the WBAD team. But, the first step was drugs and there is a defined specs or there is a defined limited number of drugs and there is a defined number of manufacturers and suppliers with that. And so going off that was  what we will say -- I will say easy or low hanging fruit not even easy but low hanging fruit. As we get into the next step, we are expanding the number of items. We are expanding the manufacturers, now we don't have defined specs as we get into front of store and as we get into goods not for resale. It's  there is just more front end work before we are ready to approach the manufacturers and then there will be in all likelihoods some transitions from one brand to another or from one manufacturer to another. It just takes more time before we can get it. So you will see a little bit of flattening still moving forward, but the little bit less more flattening in 2015 and then we will realize the benefits whether that good work in 2016 and forward.
Greg Wasson: I think it is important enough topic, I think Alec if you can way as a proof points begins to happens so it will be helpful probably?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. I mean I think as I said already that front end margin expansion has been driven by deliberate strategy which is to really drive that health, beauty and wellness categories we were confident because we are trying to see some winning share in a market and secondly by working with Alliance Boots team to really build and drive (inaudible) particularly again in health, beauty and wellness. Both of these that would fill in -- there has been solid progress made in the market in front of customers. As you would see by both the market share performance and also by the margin expansion you see in Q3 and in Q4. So the signs there and as Greg said we also have a number of pilots running and partnership with the AB team that really ships there are really strong. And when we come together on stage II, I'm really confident it can -- team, we will run these global brands, will give us even more power to go to the front end. So it's a slower in terms of margin and it is more potentially (indiscernible) to make sure that we can actually change consumer behavior the point that Tim made that the signs are good and relationships are strong.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Alec.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: It is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for two additional questions. Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: Thanks guys and thanks for fitting me in and really appreciate it. So just to clarify, we talked about not linear, I mean our expectations for EBIT in core Walgreen down next year?
Greg Wasson: Tim? No. They are not down. I mean, we aren't going to see the step up to the level that we have identified in 2016 relative to 2014. But, we aren't anticipating a decline.
Tim McLevish: We are not expecting an EBIT decline (inaudible)core Walgreen.
Greg Wasson: Correct.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: Okay, great. And then, it seems like the synergies, we got 350 there, we got savings here of a $1 billion. The 425 to 460, it seems like we are favoring a low end given the challenges in the business or am I misreading that?
Greg Wasson: I really don't. I mean we have a range, we still have lots of moving parts narrowing that range is not something we are prepared to commit to at this point either on the downside nor the upside. I think it's a reasonable range, I think that weve reflected kind of a low end and a high end likelihood and I think at this point we wouldn't want to make any further comments on it.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: Okay. Then Greg, could you talk a little bit about the culture, lot of changes at the company, lot of cost savings, weve heard some grumbling that the people are a little bit nervous. Could you maybe address the cultural issues?
Greg Wasson: Yes. Scott I think any big merger in combination to that kind of grants, there is going to be some degree of angst and that should be expected. I feel good about the culture and how its coming together. Since I actually put some comments in my script about the meeting we had couple of weeks ago in Bern with the new WAG  Walgreens Boots Alliance leadership team coming together. And that was a very, very energizing couple of days together in Bern. And I think Scott what probably is driving at is, one we  we have worked together for a good couple of years now. I think there has been a lot of cross [organizations] so to speak already happening. But, also think now that the Board has approved the options we have certainty now that we are going to bring this together, if indeed certainly our shareholders approve the additional shares and there is a time instead of years it's months. And I think that's always a good thing. So I think it started (inaudible), couldn't ask for a better partner (inaudible). And certainly the leadership team coming together like they are and we have seen in a last couple of weeks I think is very, very encouraging. Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from the Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks very much. As I look at the tailwinds and headwinds, it seems they are very generic when you talk about aging population et cetera. Greg is there anything more specific that you think is going to drive Walgreens next year, for example, are you seeing any changes in commercial narrow networks where you could pick-up an increase in market share. I also noticed that even talk about the Affordable Care Act at all as being potential tailwind to the future, and I was just also curious as to what you saw in your fiscal 2014 for ACA?
Greg Wasson: Lisa I think that one of the things could become greater and greater tailwind and I think it is what Jeff is eluding to, our focus on building strategic relationships with more and more payers is gaining momentum. We for example we are working extremely well with express scripts and as you know we launched our Smart 90 program with them, while back. We are working together on some unique things. I think other payers held systems will begin and will gain transaction with some of the things we are doing with some of the large health systems around the country. As far as ACA, it's still early, I think we will probably see, I mean 20 to 30 bps in lift for the nearest we can tell as you know there is a lot of moving parts there lot of folks move from one plant to another. But, is best we can see, we are seeing a probably earlier on about 20 to 30 bp lift in script business we think that will improve as we go forward. But, I think it will really come down to what Jeff refers to as market access as we look at more and more access with pharma or specific products such as specialty limited distribution drugs and other things we are doing as well as the right access with the payer markets in the U.S. I think we will begin to build those relationships.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just secondly, Tim, we read the proxy statement you could back into a number and I think that you came back out with an 8-K saying that that number you could back into for 2015 really was assuming that AB was part of the company for the full year. But, if we were to back out AB for a half year, is that a good number for us to be thinking about for 2015. I know you are not giving specific guidance but referring back to that proxy statement, is that something that you are comfortable with?
Tim McLevish: We haven't given you reference half year, we haven't said exactly when we anticipate closing and there is some other moving parts with respect to the lag et cetera. I mean, the analysis that Goldman did was predicated upon our internal plans. So I mean we stand behind those but the percentage of the year and there is a whole bunch of things as we consolidate and the results of that and the financing impact and all those sort of things. I don't think you can simply extrapolate or interpolate for the numbers you have seen.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay.
Tim McLevish: So a simple half year convention probably wouldn't be sufficiently robust analysis to kind of capture it.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Lisa.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session. I would like to hand the call back to Rick Hans for closing remarks.
Rick Hans: Folks that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, we will report September sales on October 3rd. Until then, thank you for listening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-06-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Greg Wasson - President and CEO Wade Miquelon - EVP, CFO and President, International Kermit Crawford - President, Pharmacy Mark Wagner - President, Operations & Community Management Alex Gourlay - President, Customer Experience & Daily Living Rick Hans - DVP, IR and Finance
Analysts: George Hill - Deutsche Bank John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Steven Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC David Larsen - Leerink Swann & Company Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreen Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for today's conference call Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional VP of IR. You may begin sir.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2014 conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO and President International, will discuss the results for the quarter. Also joining us on the call, and available for questions are Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy; and Mark Wagner, President of Store Operations; and Alex Gourlay, President of Customer Experience and Daily Living. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can also find a link to our Webcast on our Investor Relations Web site. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived there for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, Ill turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. Before we get to todays financial results, Id like to begin with a few comments on the proposed second step in our transaction with Alliance Boots. Our Management Team and Board are making significant progress evaluating the proposed transaction determining the timing and structure, the combined management team, additional synergy and cost reduction initiatives and potential changes to our future capital structure. We will be in a position to hold an investor call once key decisions on these major issues have been made, which is expect to occur by late July or early August. Now Ill turn to our third quarter financial results. Today Ill begin with a review of the quarter. Next Ill discuss the key factors affecting our financial performance, and finally Ill provide more detail on our strategies and overall progress and then Ill turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed financial review. In the quarter, we continue to see improving top line growth with increased daily living sales and strong performance in both prescriptions filled and our pharmacy market share. For the quarter, sales were $19.4 billion, up 5.9% from $18.3 billion a year-ago. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $1 billion, up 3.5% from $991 million last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.3 billion, up 4.5$% from $1.2 billion in third quarter of 2013. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.75 in the third quarter compared to $0.65 last year; up 15.4%.Third quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.91, up 7.1% from $0.85 in the same quarter last year. Our results this quarter benefited from a lower GAAP effective income tax rate. The lower rate of 31.5% compared with 38.7% last year resulted from increased foreign income taxed at a lower rate, favorable audit settlements, certain nondeductible expenses last year and other discrete events. Turning to trends in gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars in the third quarter. On a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollars increased 4.2% or $218 million from a year-ago. SG&A dollars increased 4.3% or $189 million compared to a year-ago. Adjusted gross profit dollars increased 2.6% or $139 million compared to a 5.3% increase in the same quarter last year. This difference primarily resulted from decline in pharmacy gross margin, which we will discuss in detail later in the call. On adjusted SG&A dollars increased by 2.9% or $121 million compared to the same quarter last year. We remain focused on cost disciplined to offset a negative effect to our gross profit dollar growth. We will be accelerating our optimization efforts, taking additional steps to lower our expenses company wide. I appointed a key member of my executive team to lead this effort. Weve been making tremendous progress in identifying opportunities when combined with additional synergies and cost reduction initiatives that are part of step two and the completion of the strategic transaction with Alliance Boots, we expect to drive sustainable efficiencies and value for the combined enterprise. In the quarter, we continue to focus on our three strategic growth drivers, create a well experience, advance the role of community pharmacy, and establish an efficient global platform. Today I will provide more detail on those strategies. Performance and our well experienced growth driver has continued to improve, giving us even greater confidence in the significant potential of our daily living business. Our front-end comp increased 2.2% in the third quarter. And when you look at the two-year stack, our performance is the best its been in eight quarters. Average basket size grew 2.9% as customers consolidate -- continued to consolidate trips. In addition, front-end margin improved in the third quarter compared to the same quarter last year. To drive margins, gains, we improved our product mix with a strategy to advance our health and beauty categories. We are also delivering great efficiencies in our promotional investment with our Balance Rewards program. At the end of May, we had 81 million active Balance Rewards members, allowing us to reach more customers with our offers. We received solid response rates on our personalized point offers. Weve integrated our award winning Paperless Coupons into our program and have nearly 1.5 million people enrolled in our Balance Rewards for healthy choices program. Also in the quarter, while we continued our program to optimize our store footprint, we opened our converted 24 well experienced stores, reaching a total of 642 across the country. To further engage our beauty customers, we extended the reach of Boots brands. We launched Boots No7 and more than 300 stores across the chain primarily in our Phoenix and New York markets. In New York, one of the countries most important beauty markets, we currently have Boots brands and more than 125 Walgreens and Duane Reade stores with a goal of 183. From New York, we will begin our launch across the United States. As we prepare for that expansion, results were coming in from Phoenix, our most mature market for Boots No7 and its clear our new beauty experience is elevating our performance. Boots No7 is the number one skin care brand sold in all of our Phoenix stores and baskets with boots items are bigger than the average beauty basket. In addition, 80% of our beauty customers tell us their beauty experience is improving. We are not only seeing better performance in our stores No7, its also the number one beauty brand on walgreens.com. Finally, our focus on extraordinary customer care is paying off. Our customer delight score increased 230 basis points this quarter and is at an all-time high for the Company. Pharmacy delight is also at its highest level ever, up 270 basis points this quarter over last year. This performance is a credit to our store leaders and our team members who are demonstrating their commitment to our customers with every transaction. In our Pharmacy and Health and Wellness business, our script comp was up 4.1% in the quarter. Our retail pharmacy market share increased to 19% from the quarter, up 20 basis points year-over-year and we filled 218 million prescriptions, up 4.5% from the same period last year. To drive our performance, weve been making deliberate strategic decisions to win with high value seniors through preferred relationships with Medicare part D plans by growing 90-day at retail and expanding vaccines and other preventative care services. These decisions continue to drive results in the quarter, contributing to strong top line growth. We saw solid growth in prescriptions filled for part D patients with an increase of 11.6% this quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Part D market share increased 60 basis points this May compared to the same month last year and overall 90-day volume was up 15%. Our 90-day retail product is competing effectively with mail giving customers a choice to receive their chronic medications at their pharmacy. As you know 90-day at retail is at a lower margin than comparable 30-day fills, but we believe this strategy will have a long-term positive impact on gross profit dollar and EBIT growth for our Pharmacy business as we grow our share of maintenance meds. Turning to headwinds faced in the industry, weve seen an increase in reimbursement pressure as well as a shift from historical patterns of deflation in generic drug cost to inflation. Over the past year, weve seen cost increases on a subset of generic drugs and in some cases these increases have been significant. Both reimbursement pressure and generic inflation are having an adverse effect on margin. In addition, this quarter on a year-over-year basis, there was a slow down in generic introductions, although the impact continues to moderate as we move through the second half of the calendar year. To address the pressure on our gross margin, were focused on our contracting strategy to account for increasing drug cost. We are aggressively working to increase efficiencies and providing high quality and cost effective pharmacy services that reduce total pharmacy costs. With our global procurement organization in Bern, Switzerland, we also are well positioned to offset the impact. Along with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen, our three companies are the largest purchaser of pharmaceuticals worldwide. Together were working closely and collaboratively with manufacturers to drive sustainable growth both here, in the U.S and in Europe. Our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots contributed $0.15 per diluted share to Walgreens third quarter 2014 adjusted results. Combined synergies for the first nine months of fiscal 2014 were approximately $367 million. We now expect to exceed our second year combined synergy target and are now estimating $400 million to $450 million in the second year of combined synergies. We estimate that accretion from Alliance Boots in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 will be an adjusted $0.06 to $0.07 per diluted share. As I said at the top of the call, there are a number of opportunities we continue to work on as we move toward consideration by the Board of Directors of the second step of our strategic transaction with Alliance Boots. Stefano and I are pleased with our progress to realize our joint vision for exercising step two of our strategic transaction. We are working through complex issues and were taking the appropriate time to come to the right resolutions for the combined enterprise. One final note, as a result of the many step two considerations and current business performance, the Company is withdrawing its fiscal year 2016 goals that were previously announced in 2012. The Company expects to provide a new set of goals and metrics for the proposed combined enterprise for fiscal 2016 and we will communicate those to you on our call, which we expect to hold in late July or early August. Let me speak directly to two of the prior goals regarding our adjusted operating income goal of $9 billion to $9.5 billion. On previous calls we noted we were tracking below the CAGR required to meet the goal. We now no longer expect to reach that goal on our combined synergy goals I noted earlier. We are tracking ahead of that goal and we expect to exceed the $1 billion amount by the end of fiscal 2016. As noted above, some of the opportunities were pursuing are below the operating line, the income line on the income statement and decisions about those will be reflected in our new goals and metrics. Two years ago, we announced our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots, an opportunity to bring together two companies with iconic brands. Weve made tremendous progress over the past two years, bringing to life our vision for a global pharmacy led health and well-being enterprise that can address the needs of a challenging healthcare market, improve service delivery and health outcomes. With the addition of our strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen, were creating a truly powerful combination of retail and wholesale leaders that can better serve customers in the U.S and around the world. Now were focused on making the decisions necessary for the combined enterprise in preparation for step two. Weve work to do; were intent on getting that work done right for the benefit of our enterprise, our team members, customers and shareholders. We look forward to sharing our decisions with you later this summer. And now Ill turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning I will take you through our quarterly results as well as update you on our Alliance Boots strategic partnership and our AmerisourceBergen relationship. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.75 per diluted share based on nearly 968 million shares. GAAP EPS walks to an adjusted EPS of $0.91 for the quarter as illustrated by this chart. A LIFO provision of $0.03, acquisition related items were $0.13 per share consisting of $0.06 of acquisition related amortization costs, $0.01 of acquisition related cost and $0.06 from Alliance Boots related tax. Finally, the special items had no net impact due to the positive $0.07 impact of the warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen to Walgreens and Alliance Boots with the Alliance Boots impact reported on a three month lag basis, offset by the negative $0.07 impact of store closures and other asset optimization costs. Let me now review our comparable store sales for the quarter. Comp prescription sales increased 6.3%. Comp front-end sales increased 2.2% and total comp store sales increased 4.8%. Comp prescriptions filled increased 4.1% versus a script comp of 7.1% in the year-ago period. The components of the 2.2% front-end comp traffic which decreased by 0.7% and basket size which increased by 2.9%. We are pleased with the trends in the one and two year stack comps over the past few quarters. Moving to comp store script numbers, our retail scripts were up 4.1%. This performance reflects the fundamentals of our underlying business, the ongoing progress and winning new Medicare Part D customers and increase of 90-day at retail scripts and return of Express Scripts customers. The two-year stack on script comp has improved dramatically in the last two years. With respect to margin, our adjusted gross margin reflecting FIFO inventory was 28.3% in the current quarter compared to 29.2% last year, a 90 basis point decline. The primary drivers of the pharmacy margin decrease were increasing third-party reimbursement pressure, particularly due to a few contract step downs, increases in Medicare Part D mix including the strategy to continue driving 90-day prescriptions at retail, fewer generic drug introductions versus the year-ago and pronounced generic drug inflation on a subset of generic drugs as well as the mix from specialty drugs. Purchasing synergies in the pharmacy and front-end did partially offset this margin pressure. Front-end margin increased in the quarter, benefiting from mix and promotional adjustments, and we still expect the rate of generic drug introductions to increase in the fourth quarter to the point that it should not be a drag on margin year-over-year. On net, we expect the negative factors impacting pharmacy margin will more than offset generic introductions and front-end margin benefit next quarter on a year-over-year basis. Taking a look at our adjusted gross margin trends, this quarters 90 basis point decrease versus a 50 basis point increase a year-ago. Based on our strategies and plans, we do expect the front-end margin to continue to improve over the long-term. As we demonstrated and discussed in the last few quarters, this graph illustrate the impact of new generic drug introductions had on our monthly prescription sales comps. The highlighted quarters illustrate the number of new generic drug introductions remain slower than a year-ago. And you can see that the generic impact on a comp prescription sales was about a negative 4% in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 versus a generic impact of negative 1.4% in the most recent quarter. In our experience, the margin change resulted from generics is inversely correlated and slightly lagged to the impact of generic sales changes. And that is the strongest positive effect on margin typically occurs shortly after the generic impact on prescription sales is the most deflationary. The tough year-over-year generic impact margin comparison has continued to dissipate throughout fiscal year 2014 and expected to turn positive in the fourth quarter of 2014, given the increase in generic impact on pharmacy sales comps expected in that period. This trend however continues to be negatively impacted by the delay of a few large volume drugs like generic forms of Nexium and Diovan. Transitioning now to gross profit, this slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 11 quarters on a GAAP basis. And the next slide shows this trend on adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased to 2.6% versus 5.3% in the year-ago period. Gross profit dollar growth was positively impacted by the comps in both the pharmacy and the front-end and further helped by a margin expansion on the front-end. On the pharmacy side, gross profit dollar growth was negatively impacted by the same issues impacting pharmacy margin, which I described a moment ago. But despite these headwinds and the benefit of synergies, adjusted gross profit dollars grew faster than the average 1% growth rate in the first half of the year. For the quarter, GAAP SG&A dollar growth was 4.3%. We then deduct 2.3% per store closures and other optimization costs and 0.1% for Walgreens amortization cost, and add back 0.3 percentage point for the acquisition related cost and 0.7% for the DEA legal settlement. This walk yields an adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 2.9% for the quarter. Shown here are the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past 11 quarters on a GAAP basis and the follow on slide shows a similar trend on an adjusted basis. The adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 2.9% year-over-year increase versus the 4.5% increase in the third quarter of fiscal 2013. Keep in mind that last years fourth quarter GAAP and adjusted net earnings include a $0.03 per diluted share in net gains from certain litigation matters. This net litigation gain reduced SG&A dollar growth by 0.9% last year and will be a factor in the SG&A dollar growth comparison year-over-year in the fourth quarter. This next chart illustrates our two-year stacked SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last nine quarters. Now lets review the two-year stacked trends on adjusted basis. Two-year stack adjusted SG&A trends increased versus a year-ago by 510 basis points. With a two-year stack of 7.4% growth in the third quarter of 2014, up from 2.3% last year. The two-year stack from a year-ago included a period when we were out of Express Scripts network in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. SG&A grew at a negative 2.2% in that period as we responded to the lower volumes in the pharmacy. Likewise a two-year stack SG&A dollar growth will be difficult to lap for the next two quarters is shown by the fourth quarter two-year stack of 0.5% and the first quarter two-year stack of 2.9%. Turning to a few other components of our income statement, this quarter included LIFO provision of $41 million versus a provision or charge of $120 million a year-ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the quarter was 2.25%, down from 3.5% a year-ago. Net interest expense for the quarter was $35 million versus $50 million from a year-ago. We expect interest expense of approximately $35 million in the fourth quarter. Average diluted shares outstanding were 968 million shares versus 959 million shares last year. And the change is primarily due to the impact of a higher stock price on a number of in the money options which are counted in diluted shares. In the fourth quarter, we expect diluted share count of approximately 968 million shares subject to changes in the current share price. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% versus 38.7% last year. And the difference is primarily attributable to additional foreign income tax taxed at a lower rate and net benefit per changes in uncertain tax provisions as well as a lower permanent difference between book and tax income. For the fourth quarter, we estimate our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 36%, and we expect a similar increase in our adjusted tax rate in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Accounts receivable increased by 25.3% primarily due to higher vendor funding receivables from the Bern JV and AmerisourceBergen for brand and generic rebates along with the higher receivables generated by higher third-party pharmacy sales. Accounts payable decreased 6.5% and LIFO inventories decreased 6.4% in conjunction with our new agreement in terms of the AmerisourceBergen as more of the generic pharmacy distribution transitions to them. Overall, net working capital increased by 9.8% versus a year-ago. During the second quarter we generated approximately $1.3 billion in cash from operations versus $1.4 billion in the year-ago period. And free cash flow in the quarter was $1 billion versus $1.1 billion a year-ago. The next slide shows our correlated accretion from Alliance Boots which was $0.15 per share for the quarter versus our forecast of $0.13 to $0.14 per share with the out performance primarily related to incremental procurement synergies. You can find a more detailed walk included in the appendix to this presentation on our Investor Relations Web site. Combined net synergies for the quarter totaled $131 million and for the first three quarters of the year totaled $367 million. And as Greg noted, because were running ahead of our previous estimate of $375 million to $425 million of combined synergies for the year, were raising the estimated to $400 million to $450 million. Looking forward, we estimate the adjusted EPS accretion from Alliance Boots for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014 to be $0.67 per share based on our current estimate of IFRS to GAAP conversion and foreign exchange rates versus $0.08 in the year-ago quarter. The adjusted accretion is expected to be slightly lower than the year-ago period for Alliance Boots primarily driven by the timing of recognition of certain tax matters. Additionally, were assessing whether the fair value of one of the Alliance Boots wholesale reporting units is below its current value for U.S GAAP purposes. Our share of the goodwill from this reporting unit is approximately $195 million. We plan to finalize this assessment prior to filing our Form 10-Q, any impact will be reflected in our fourth quarter financial statements and wed expect to exclude any impact from adjusted earnings. Since I usually end with commentary on the fiscal year 2016 goals, let me reiterate the comments made in the press release and by Greg regarding these goals. As a result of the many step two considerations in current business performance, were withdrawing the fiscal year 2016 goals that were previously announced in 2012. As Greg mentioned, were evaluating the proposed transaction including the potential timing and structure and combine management team, continued synergy and cost reduction initiatives and potential changes to our future capital structure, all through the lens of what is in the best interest of our shareholders long-term. Once key decisions have been made on the above matters, Walgreens anticipate to being in a position to hold an Investor Call, which is expected to occur by late July or early August. Many of the areas under consideration are interdependent and so we believe that the prudent course is to share the scope of our decisions and related financial objectives and metrics together all the time. In summary, our strategies remain sound in the fundamentals of our business and particularly with respect to top line growth has continued to strengthen. While we have gross profit reimbursement pressure in the traditional pharmacy as mentioned, we also have significant opportunities to drive additional cost efficiency and also turn the front-end of our business into a very meaningful profit pillar. Our Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen partnerships also continue to go well and were beginning to move beyond the cost only synergy phase to one where were starting to share and exploit organizational capabilities to strengthen our core business and find new labors to create value for shareholders. With respect to our merger with Alliance Boots, we realize that our investors have been patiently awaiting additional information about step 2. I can assure you that we have been using the time to evaluate all aspects of the transaction with the best long-term interests of our company and shareholders in mind. And now with that, Ill turn the call back over to, Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. Were now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: I appreciate you taking the question. I guess maybe we will start first with the 2016 guidance. It seems like that you guys aren't going to come in in-line with the original expected range. But I don't think most investors had kind of expected you to hit the numbers given current business performance. Is there any color you can give us with respect to how far off that range you think you are?
Greg Wasson: George, Greg, so yes I think as we had said were in the last couple of quarters we werent tracking on the CAGR that we required to hit that adjusted 30s number and certainly with our current performance in some of the lines we talked about on the call thats impacting pharmacy, we didnt think that it was achievable. Now that, that meeting was, were still not working on a whole host of things to try to continue to drive value. I think the main point, and Ill let Wade kind of take it from there as a fact that, four to six weeks we do have a lot of moving parts. We are going to be looking at different goals of metrics both above that line and below the line and we want to really get focused on those. So, Wade you want to add a little color?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think thats right. I think were still aggressively driving all the [ph] [above] opportunities, but as Greg said we have opportunities below the line as well in terms of how we think about structure or cap structure, refinancing in the like and so were making sure at this point in time that we look at every thing kind of interdependently as a web of choices and we maximize value as best we can.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. And then Wade, maybe a quick follow-up. I recognize that you guys are planning to do a call I guess in a little over a month from this point now. Is there any more color you can give us on what the puts and takes the -- kind of the company is considering as it evaluates Step 2?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think both Greg and I kind of listed them, but I would say everything, anything that can create value so were looking at apart from again kind of the organizational operational structure, were looking at more to the ideal cost structure moving forward. Were looking at what's the ideal way to structure the transaction from a legal point of view. Were looking at what's the best balance of the cap structures we think about the amount of cash this company can generate in a combined form. Were looking at again the best way to refinance the transaction as we move forward. So, I would say that everything or anything what related to the big measures and again I think were going to make sure that we land down in a place thats in the best interest of our shareholders long-term.
Greg Wasson: And George I would add, and I think the main point is all those that Wade just rattled are interdependent, and therefore we want to make sure that we thought through them all and thats the reason we thought kind of late July wed just have a lot more visibility on how all those connect and drive value together.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Thats very helpful. And then Ill ask one quickly and Ill drop off. In the press release you highlighted a focused -- increased focus on internal cost and reducing internal costs. Is there anyway to ballpark that opportunity for us, I guess kind of as we think about the next 12 to 18 months?
Greg Wasson: Well were working on accelerating up the optimization efforts across the entire organization. George weve actually identified and actually realized a lot of opportunity. Current the challenges unfortunately some of the pressure weve seen on pharmacy margin has eaten some of that up, thats the reason I have elected a key executive begin to look for and identify new opportunities. The good news is, is were finding opportunities. Were now in the process of trying to figure out how to get at it. What are the plans, the processes, several or some of those maybe require some restructuring or not. So were in the process of doing that. The other thing is that, weve been four to six weeks away from the real work that Wade and team are doing around the combined merger. We definitely, we see to reduce cost as the entity comes together. So, again we want to kind of put all that together and come to you with as much as we possibly can in that call thats coming up in four to six weeks.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Well wait for that. Thanks guys.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, George.
Operator: The next question comes from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities.
Greg Wasson: Hi, John.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: Greg, I guess looking at the big picture, when you think about the US pharmacy or drug retail business, you and all your peers, do you think is that business not going to be as profitable going forward as maybe you thought because of reimbursement pressure, government involvement, etc.? Do you think it's a secular issue? And then if that's true or remotely true, the things you think about on the cost side, are they really more strategic i.e. supply chain, what do we need to do with that long term in how we staff our stores? Is it really very secular and strategic or you think, no, it's just a period we are going through and it requires more tactical stuff?
Greg Wasson: Yes, John on the first part, no, I dont necessarily think that we should assume that the US business cannot continue to grow on profitability. I think the work that Alex and Mark and team are doing on the front end of the business, we think we have -- we think we actually have tremendous opportunity to grow EBIT and operating margin on the front end of the business. We are beginning to getting more confidence in just that, and I think that is obviously going to help us with the overall business. I think in the pharmacy business the good thing is, is that were growing top line for the first time consistently in a long time with some of those strategic decisions Ive talked about. Were absolutely winning in a Part D space. Were growing 90 day customers and so forth. We do have obviously the pharmacy margin pressure that we talked about. But I think Kermit and team and he can maybe allude a little bit about how we think will go at that. We think we -- we think with our contracting strategy going forward, with the generic inflation that were seeing versus historical deflation we're going to start taking that in consideration in our contracting. Hes going at cost of fill reduction with a vengeance and I think with Bern, and Jeff Berkowitz and John out in Bern, were positioned better than anyone to be able to get at comp. As far as the cost opportunities, I think theres a little of both. I think that theres opportunity to get at cost to your point thats more maybe cyclical, but I think structurally were going after -- were going after the business from a structural point of view, everything from supply chain, everything from how we supervise and manage stores, everything from looking at our store footprint as we never have in the past and as we indicated on the last call. So were really taking a step back and looking at the entire enterprise from a structural perspective.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: And is there, what's going on in Bern, how much opportunity is there to accelerate those efforts to offset the margin pressure youre seeing today? Is there enough flexibility to do that or not really to play around with that?
Greg Wasson: I think theres opportunity. Yes, I think Jeff and team have their pedal on the metal and their foot on the accelerator as far as trying to find to deliver additional opportunities. And yes, Im optimistic that theres additional opportunity in Bern.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meredith Adler with Barclays.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Good morning, this is Meredith Adler and Ive got questions from Eric Percher as well. I guess I would like to start by asking about talking with payers about the fact that you have generic inflation. How much work do you have to do to change the terms of the contracts? I mean if it was branded drugs, I think the inflation would be dealt with automatically but not so with generics. What kind of discussions are you having and how hard do you think it will be to get this adjusted?
Wade Miquelon: Well, Id say that it's a fairly complex topic, but theres lots of different levers. One is, I think that were going to be -- were not going to be very tolerant of long-term partnership with people that are opportunistic. I think number two is, we do have contracts which over time need to reflect the market, but then theres also indexes that those contracts are based on and some of those are sometimes maybe late in reflecting the realities of the market place, but over time we believe that those will catch up as well and therefore that will flow through. So, there are many different levers to go at it and were working all of them. But I do think that it will roll through as we go through. So, I dont know Kermit, if you want to comment on it.
Kermit Crawford: Yes, Meredith maybe Id add to that, that sort of this past year we have seen a shift from historical patterns of deflation in the generic drug cost which we have planned for into one that is inflation and it is negatively impacting our margin. But I wouldnt say it's all around the drug inflation. I mean weve certainly had some increase in our third party reimbursement pressures. We have had fewer brand-to-generic drug conversions compared to a year ago. And so as we think about our contracting strategy it certainly will account for these increases in the drug cost. But there are other things were doing as well. Greg had mentioned were aggressively looking at our cost of fill around improving efficiencies in our cost of fill sometimes like technology where our customers are refilling their prescriptions through digital and mobile technology, through automation that is making us more efficient in selling prescriptions, through centralization that is reducing labor in the stores but as the same time increasing our customer service level. And I also do believe that our joint venture with Alliance Boots, were well positioned to provide some offset to this increase in drug pricing. So, I think over time youll see the market adjust through market efficiencies, through supply and demand.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And then, I guess I have a question, I mean I would have said that some of these pressures have been there for a while. Was theres something in particular that really made you feel that you needed to start addressing both aspects of cost structure, the way you fill scripts and becoming more efficient. Is there something particular that drove that now?
Greg Wasson:
 :
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess just a final question on expenses. How, the -- some of what you sounded like youre going to do is going to be taking cost out of the operations and how you run the stores, and Id assume some of it is just more looking at the overhead structure. How much opportunity do you think there is in either place to lower -- generally lower cost?
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think we still have opportunity in both, and again I think it's looking at how we support stores, the businesses we have, the projects we have, the way we run projects, so forth in corporate. So all of the above we have opportunity. I dont know Wade if you want to add anything?
Wade Miquelon: No, I think that the way were going at it is to really look closely across the major processes that drive cost versus in silos or in small buckets and I think that I guess one of the examples currently it's just the entire cost of fill process and how we think about in 90 day and how we think about ePrescribe and how we think about working with payers differently to drive really radical improvements in those processes and therefore cost. So I think theres a lot of opportunity in both, but I think that it's looking at it more systemically going after the big prices, the way were going to get the bit cost out, Kermit.
Kermit Crawford: Mark, Alex anybody want to add. Mark.
Mark Wagner: Yes, Meredith this is Mark. I think we -- part of like looking at the cost structure was what I talked about on the last quarter call was the store optimization and shutting down some of the unprofitable stores or stores that werent really strategically positioned. But theres a lot of opportunity dealing with any operation of the store in terms of one, making the right investments in the stores in terms of labor, but then pulling out where it doesnt make sense. I think theres other ways to manage the cost thats on a property side that the team is taking a look at and have really engineered through the stuff, through the last six months into the stores. I think that there is always opportunity to reexamine the cost structure and to pull out what's not necessary or to reestablish what really adds value and not.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Okay, thats all very helpful. Thank you. I wish you guys luck.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, Meredith.
Operator: The next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi good morning and thank you for taking my question. Greg, there's a lot of discussion around inversions especially in the healthcare world. In couple of times on this call both you and Wade highlighted the below-the-line benefits, so can you just give us a sense of what kind of like is your most updated perspective on the prospect of inversion?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky I think as I said were certainly analyzing all the moving parts that will lead us to certainly our decision on the timing the structure of step 2 and so it's difficult to kind of break those apart and talk more of a piecemeal. I'll say as we had said that were looking at all and everything. Were looking at everything from what the timing, best timing would be, what the capital structure should be, what our tax structure or what the structure could do to as far as our effective tax rate. So, and thats complex stuff I guess is what I would say Ricky as we work through this. We are working around the clock to try to understand all the above so that were able to make the right decision for the company. And again thats why we need a little more time to be able to bring all this together. But I would say that were looking at everything. It is complex and it's all interdependent and thats why we want to come forth with a call where we can give as much as we possibly can at late July early August.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then I mean obviously the -- on the expense side and kind of like the margins, trends have been sluggish for some time now. I guess the question is, have you kind of like not been as, I would say proactive about kind of like, and I know you have done some but maybe you have not been as proactive as you could about managing the margin, because you are kind of like looking now at the combination and looking at things and doing holistic, it's kind of like trying to understand what could have been done already versus kind of like the opportunity going forward.
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky Ill start off maybe my peers can weigh in. I would say that historically weve done I think an admirable job on controlling on SG&A into your stack. Now with that said, we need to do more. And I also think that frankly we have cut a lot in the last six months to a year unfortunately some of thats got absorbed in the increased pharmacy margin pressure that weve seen. With that said, were continuing to identify additional opportunity. So, I wouldnt want you to read into the fact that we have not been getting after it. Now with that said, we also think that as we look at the current Walgreen business and opportunities in addition with the merger of the two that there are going to be even greater opportunities in different ways of looking at that. So, were absolutely focused on the core business. We have made significant reductions, some of thats been absorbed as I said because the pressure of the margin were identifying additional opportunities and were going to combine those with every other opportunities we have at Step 2.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And one final one because you did mention the re-pricing and then to Meredith -- just to follow-up on Meredith's question, can you remind us when is your contract with Express Scripts is up for renewal?
Greg Wasson: We dont give that out. They were both to multi-year contract Ricky, but we dont -- and the reason is, for competitive reasons we dont -- obviously we dont want to be disadvantaged.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, Ricky.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, that color on the complex issue, I think its definitely helpful for people. So, I will just leave that alone. But I guess, Greg, since you mentioned you are a three-bucket guy, I guess just a quick three-bucket question for you on the gross margins. Since you did mention the pharmacy reimbursement pressure, the generic price inflation and fewer launches, just curious which of those buckets had the biggest impact in the quarter? And then also just to be clear, did the generic price inflation in particular did that definitely increase in the May quarter specifically versus the trends you saw back in the February quarter? So, I definitely want to hone in on that generic price inflation specifically.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Thanks Steve for putting in three buckets for me. Yes, I think and Ill let Kermit maybe weigh in. I think certainly generic inflation kind of runs through a lot of this, and meaning that it shows up in the contracts obviously were -- certainly we were thinking about the deflation and now seeing some inflation. Were also just -- obviously just playing cogs. Were certainly doing everything we can do at Bern to offset that. But I think in the order of magnitude I think probably generic inflation is specifically more -- probably more important because it was -- we didnt quite anticipate it. A lot of the other strategic decisions we certainly anticipated. We know exactly what our contract arrangements with some of the commercial plans are. We know what our Part D preferred positions cost this as far as gross margin. This was really kind of snuck up I think on the industry and us, and now I do think as I said I dont -- I cant think of anyone thats better positioned than us to offset this because of what were doing at Bern. But I would say inflation. Kermit, you want to add.
Kermit Crawford: Steve, I would add that generic inflation was higher than we expected compared to the normal deflation that we planned for and we saw the full impact of that in the third quarter versus the second quarter. But Id also add our growing 90 day share and our market share of Medicare Part D. I mean both of those as Greg mentioned earlier we are growing market share. Both of those margins have been hurt in the near term. Because of that and the expectation in both 90 day and in our mix of the Medicare Part D is greater than we had anticipated this quarter. So, I think when you look at a combination of the impact of our reimbursement pressure weve not been able to fully offset that due to a lack of new generics as well as the generic inflation versus deflation.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Larsen with Leerink.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann & Company: Hi. With respect to the reimbursement pressure, aren't the generic rates typically set at a max price, and aren't those fixed so that the pressure is really the cost of the generic at the higher inflated rate and the difference between that and the fixed mac price or do those prices actually shift around or are they fixed? Thanks.
Greg Wasson: So, every contract is different. But youre right, it's kind of a general abstraction thats more or less true, but the thing is that I guess the key thing I alluded to earlier is that the indexes that those are based on dont always immediately reflect the changes in that inflation, and so thats the disconnect. But again I think were working this from many different angles.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann & Company: Okay, great. And then, how were volumes relative to your own expectations? Did you see any flow from newly enrolled members through the public exchanges?
Greg Wasson: David, it's still very early to tail around ACA. I mean obviously publicly they have announced 8 million people have joined the ACA. We certainly feel like were getting our share of that 8 million people, but certainly some of those folks were former cash paying customers that are now in the exchange. They were former customers at other forms of coverage that are now in the exchange. So, I think it's still early on around ACA where were seeing growth in our core business. I mean Wade talked about gaining back customers from our ESI customers. But primarily when we look at this business our core business Med D 90-day return of ESI, low ACA is all growing our underlying business.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I guess I just would say across the board both in the front end and the pharmacy I think weve got real growth momentum. And I think what's also encouraging is that our customer satisfaction metrics continue to strengthen. Thats very fundamental and important for the long-term.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann & Company: Great. And then just one more quick one; any thoughts around specialty, is that a positive driver or longer term and any impact from Hep-C? Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Yes, it's certainly a positive driver long-term. David, as you know it does impact the margin. Wade mentioned earlier in our speech and, but were seeing positive growth in our specialty business.
Wade Miquelon: I think one of the things David that were excited about and again I think it's the work that Jeff Berkowitz and team in Bern are doing combined with Mike Ellis and Kermits group thats running our specialty group there with a central and retail model. Were gaining access to limited distribution drugs. In fact, I think weve gained access to every one of the last 14 or 15 launches of limited distribution drugs. I think thats reflective of the fact the good work that Jeff and team are doing with our pharma partners who are looking for special services as well as what Kermit and team are doing with the services we provide both centrally and at retail. So to me thats a solid proof of point that we are making progress and winning in specialty space.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann & Company: Thanks very much.
Wade Miquelon: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Not to keep going back to this topic, but just on the gross profit margin in the quarter, I guess what the concern is in the last couple of quarters is you guys are pacing very nicely on the procurement synergies. If I look at this quarter it looks like $89 million to Walgreens. But if I back that out assuming most of that is clearly from purchasing the gross margin rate looked like it was somewhere in the 27% to 28% range, clearly below where I think the company has been historically. Could you maybe just give us a little bit of context relative to history of where these pressures are and is it something that is more transient in such that as we move past them we will start to really realize the benefit of the procurement synergies?
Wade Miquelon:
 :
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: So I guess just to be clear, that you wouldn't characterize any of these pressures as some kind of structural change in the business that you didn't contemplate say a year and a half, two years ago when you embarked on the AB transaction?
Wade Miquelon: I think the thing that -- I think Greg said that the thing that probably wasnt fully anticipated probably was just what weve seen in some inflation on drugs, and it's a fairly narrow subset but some pretty hefty increases. And those contracts historically have been under the assumption that there is net deflation. But like I said I think theres many ways that we can attack this, and I can assure you that were going after it from all angles. And I do think though that again I think that if we can drive market share growth, if we can drive better customer satisfaction, if we can optimize our cost accordingly, and if we can tack this issue on all fronts I think were as well positioned as anybody to be successful.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And I guess just my follow-up changing subjects a bit, just around ABC obviously now being part of the purchasing platform, it sounds like youre getting the incremental benefit from their volume. Are you looking at opportunities of bringing any of other companies into the joint venture to further enhance that scale? Are there ongoing conversations that you could highlight in the marketplace?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think certainly right now were focused on maximize and optimize, I mean the synergies that we can achieve through the three of us with AB and ABC, and I think theres tremendous opportunity there to continue to realize before wed begin to really discuss maybe other partners.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Got it. All right. Thanks.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thanks very much and good morning. Greg, I heard you made a comment around regaining or Wade made the comment around regaining some scripts for Express Scripts. And you talked about 90 day as well on the growth of that. Are you seeing the scripts that you are regaining are through the Smart90 Program? Can you maybe just update us on how that program has gone thus far with Express Scripts?
Greg Wasson: Yes, maybe Ill start and let Kermit jump in. When Im talking about the growth in 90 day, Lisa it's 90 day in general across the entire market place which excites me because I think as I said we launched it, we realized it was going to impact margin because of the fills, but at the same time we have seen male level off, we have seen customers who want to get 90 day supplies. There are few many pharmacists that continue to grow, so therefore I think it was absolutely the right thing for us to do for the consumer. Smart90 is a subset of that, and I do think we have been working with Express Scripts customer-by-customer somewhat unique. Those that are looking for a Smart90 solution is, the good thing is Express Scripts has an opportunity to present that. And Kermit, I think weve been pretty pleased with that.
Kermit Crawford: When you compare to that, that Smart90 is just hitting the market now and right now it wouldnt be a significant contributor to our overall 90 day retail. I mean, a lot of the 90 day retail has been driven by the increase in market share of our preferred networks under Medicare Part D.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And I know you have already talked a lot about the reimbursement buckets, etc. and around generics, but the one thing that I am still a little bit confused about is just you should be one of the largest global generic purchasers. Is it that the timing of Bern hasn't kicked in yet? Because I am just, if we go back and we look at Rite Aid last week, they talked about the fact that their relationship with Tussin hasn't kicked in yet and therefore that's why theyre feeling this pressure. Given the fact that youre already starting to see some of the synergies Im just trying to understand whats happening around procurement and the timing aspect of how you are buying from Bern?
Greg Wasson: Yes. Lisa, I wouldnt say that its been delayed. I think Bern, were pleased with and were out of the gates pretty quickly and on track. I think its a subset of molecules that have kind of popped up in this inflationary environment that were -- that caught I think the entire industry a little off guar. Id say ourselves as well. Were now all over with the combined Walgreen team with Bern team focused on those molecules. I do think that and there is a lot of moving parts there as Wade alluded to earlier, that the cost increase, the -- the corresponding AWP is not keeping up with the cost increases. There is a whole lot of things that were looking at. But I will say back to kind of the structural issue, I think the good thing is were aware of it, were on it. We know how to go at it and we -- and I think were well positioned as anyone to get after. But it did -- it was something that we didnt expect. We are working through it and I think were well positioned to cover it and correct for it.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: And as we talked about gross margins, it sounds like most of this was on the healthcare pharmacy side in the quarter, but I was just wondering if Mark or Alex had any comments around promotional activity and what youre seeing on that side of your retail business?
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Hi, its Alec here Lisa. We are feeling pretty good about progress in the front-end margin. We increased it quarter-on-quarter through more promotional efficiencies, really making sure that we reward our best customers are using the data from the Loyalty Card. So some of that is promotional market that would be more efficient and more targeted and were feeling pretty confident we can keep that going into the long-term.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Edward Kelly with Credit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Hi. I wanted to start off with Alliance Boots. We did get results out of Alliance Boots more recently and I was hoping, could you just provide a little bit color on their performance, how theyre faring versus relative to what you thought and how much of the shortfall to EBIT in 16 is the Walgreens business versus the Alliance Boots business, any color there I think would be helpful?
Greg Wasson: Maybe Ill start Ed, and let Wade fill in. I think obviously still a challenging environment in some of the countries throughout Europe. I think as Ive said, Stefano and his team pretty solid team, theyre managing through that. I think -- but theyre indeed had some challenges in some areas of the business. I do think when you look at their business compared to the markets whether its the retail business, boots business or the wholesale business and compare them to the market, to their competitors. Theyre actually winning against the rest of the market and therefore thats encouraging, theyre growing share. But as weve had some softness in parts of our business that were correcting for, theyve had softness in parts of their business that theyre working to correct for.
Wade Miquelon: I think -- I guess I would just augment it and say I think theyve also done some great work below the line, so both in terms of some of the tax efficiency work theyve done in terms of driving very aggressive cash flow which has helped them to lever and as you know they refinanced a while back. Also we have a strong pound situation, which is also very favorable too, so I think on that we feel very good about their business and again theyve a couple of challenging markets theyre in, but theyre positioned well for the long-term and I think on a cash flow base and after tax basis, the business had made up a lot of ground there. So we feel good.
Greg Wasson: And then I do think as weve said, certainly we werent on hitting the CAGR, to hit our adjusted earnings we had and their CAGR -- their EBIT CAGR has not been -- is below their original plan, but theyre doing a lot of things to try to offset that and correct for it.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: And just one follow-up on your 2016 commentary. Are you optimistic that the below-the-line considerations may potentially offset the shortfall on the EBIT or even more than offset the shortfall on the EBIT as you sort of think about 2016?
Greg Wasson: Hey Ed, I will jump and let Wade -- I would be -- Im hesitant to go there. I think as I said, we just had too many moving parts right now that were working through. There is potential obviously and thats what were looking through from all of those how they come together. But I think give us the four to six weeks and we will be able to give -- we have a lot more clarity on how this is coming together and be able to give you a lot more information at that time.
Wade Miquelon: And there is lot opportunity, but I think the key is making the right choice, so they all interplay with each other for the best long-term value creation for shareholders and were looking at everything.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, Ed.
Rick Hans: Ladies and gentlemen that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the Company will report June sales on July 3rd. Have a Happy 4th of July. Until then, thank you for listening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-03-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Hans - DVP of IR and Finance Greg Wasson - President and CEO Wade Miquelon - EVP, CFO and President, International Kermit Crawford - President, Pharmacy Alex Gourlay - EVP, President, Customer Experience and Daily Living 
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Company John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Walgreen Co. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Rick Hans, you may begin.
Rick Hans : Thank you, Nicole and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call 2014. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO and President International, will discuss the results for the quarter. Also joining us on the call, and available for questions are Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy; and Mark Wagner, President of Store Operations; and Alex Gourlay, President of Customer Experience and Daily Living.  As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can also find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After this call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived there for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I will begin with a review of our financial performance. Next, I'll discuss our performance against our three strategic growth drivers and finally I'll look ahead to how were preparing our company as we head towards fiscal 2015.   And then I will turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed financial review of the quarter and the fiscal year.  This quarter was marked by a solid top line growth in performance. We achieved record quarterly sales and record second-quarter prescriptions filled in spite of continued headwinds from slower generic drug introductions and severe weather.  For the quarter, sales were $19.6 billion, up 5.1% from $18.6 billion a year ago, driven in part by 4.3% increase in comp store sales. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $1.3 billion, up 4.9% from $1.2 billion last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.3 billion, down 4.3% from $1.4 billion in second-quarter 2013. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.78 in the second quarter compared to $0.79 last year, down 1.3%. Second quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.91, down 5.2% from $0.96 in the same quarter last year. And finally we generated operating cash flow of $1.1 billion in the second quarter and free cash flow of $877 million. Turning to trends in gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars. In the second quarter on a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollars increased 0.8% or $43 million from a year ago. SG&A dollars increased 1.6% or $72 million compared to a year ago. Adjusted gross profit dollars increased 0.4% or $22 million compared to a 4% increase in the same quarter last year. This difference resulted from several key factors. The shift in the generic wave from a peak in introductions in the first quarter last year to a trough this year, continued to have a negative impact, the impact which moderated somewhat from the first quarter is expected to continue to moderate in the third quarter and turn positive in the fourth quarter.  A weak flu season compared to last year resulted in fewer cough, cold and flu related prescriptions, and lower sales of over-the-counter products compared to the same period last year. And we also maintained meaningful promotional investments in our daily living business in the quarter.  While we did see some pressure on our gross profit dollar growth, we were able to balance that with on-going cost discipline. In a quarter with a record sales and an increase in comp store sales, our adjusted SG&A dollars increased by only 1.7% or $76 million compared to the same quarter last year.  Want to give credit to our leadership team in the stores who are using their resources efficiently to serve our customers. In our estimation adjusted gross profit dollar growth would have been about the same as our adjusted SG&A dollar growth if we had not had the impact from severe winter weather. In the quarter, we also made progress on our three strategic growth drivers, creating a Well Experience, advancing the role of community pharmacy, and establishing an efficient global platform. Today I will provide more details on that progress.  In our Well Experience growth driver, we saw the on-going impact of a value conscious consumer, while unseasonably cold temperatures which I mentioned earlier further affected our sales. In response, we continued to invest in promotions, increasing front-end comp sales by 2%. We also continued to roll out our Well Experience stores reaching a total of 628 across the country. We realized market share gains across the majority of Nielsen tracked categories in our daily living business. And in addition, average basket size increased 3.4% in the quarter as customers continued to consolidate trips.  This quarter we successfully reached a milestone for enrolment in our Balance Rewards program topping 100 million in enrolees. With almost 80 million active members we now have the largest retail loyalty program in the industry.  We're also are leveraging our customer insights from Balance Rewards to evolve our value proposition and simplify promotions to help both our stores and our customers.  On our Well Experience rollout we're pleased with our progress to date. We continue to refine or store formats to integrate healthcare, provide an elevated beauty experience, and also deliver exceptional seasonal and consumable convenience to meet customers needs. Also this quarter, we expanded and enhanced our beauty offering, introducing Boots No7 in New York City. We completed the rollout to 10 stores in February and plan to reach 150 stores in the city. Our New York City expansion follows or successful launch of Boots No 7 and other boots brands in our Arizona market and our flagship stores across the country.  Finally we continue to bring together our world class digital capabilities to complement our convenient store locations and leverage our omni-channel context to delight customers. Today nine million customers touch the Walgreens' brand every day at our stores over the web or through mobile channels making Walgreens a true omni-channel provider. In our Pharmacy, Health and Wellness business, our script comp was up 2.2% in the quarter. Our retail pharmacy market share increased to 19% for the quarter, up 20 basis points year over year and we filled a record 214 million prescriptions, up 2.8% from the same period last year. We also continue to grow our 90 day retail program. According to IMS in the second quarter, the 90 day retail market grew 15% year over year while the mail market declined 10%. Also our 90 day at retail volumes in the second quarter increased by 17% over the prior year, from perspective our 90 day at retail business alone is as large as one third of the total mail industry and mail market industry. We believe this validates the consumers value, the ability to receive a 90 day supply at retail from the trusted community pharmacist and the payers are increasingly seeing the value and adding a retail benefit to the mail offering.  In addition, we had a strong season for immunizations with a total of 8.6 million vaccines administered through the first half of the fiscal year. Thats an increase of 11% over the same period last year. While that increase was mainly on the strength of a strong flu shot season, we also continued to build our non-flu immunization business. For example, today we are the number one retail provider of Zostavax, a vaccine for shingles.  And finally, we continue to see some impact to margin from the on-going negative effect related to generics and the volume drop-off of controlled pain medications which we referenced last quarter. Looking ahead, our Medicare Part D program is accelerating our momentum in pharmacy. In the quarter, our Med D volume was up year over year with significant growth in new customers on top of strong performance in fiscal 13. Our Part D market share for the quarter increased 80 basis points compared to the same period last year.  As we move forward, we are well positioned to win with senior customers as a preferred provider in four of the top national plans giving older Americans more plan choices which offer them lower co-pays for their prescription. Also as you know, we are tightly integrated in our healthcare clinics with our pharmacies in hundreds of locations. We are experiencing growing interest from customers in value convenient affordable high quality healthcare services and from payers who view Walgreens as an emerging health alternative care model and an important part of the patients care daily regime. To help meet this growing demand, we have a goal to add nearly 100 new healthcare clinic locations in calendar 2014 on top of our 400 current retail clinics. And we will continue to expand our network to develop a comprehensive national footprint. Our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots contributed $0.08 per diluted share to Walgreens' second quarter 2014 adjusted results. Combined synergies for the first half of fiscal 2014 were approximately $236 million. We now expect to exceed our second year combined synergy target and are now estimating $375 million to $425 million in the second quarter combined synergies. We estimate that the accretion from Alliance Boots in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 will be an adjusted $0.13 to $0.14 per diluted share. And we purchased approximately 10.5 million shares of AmerisourceBergen stock as of February 28th and we own approximately 4.5% of the company.  We continue to make good progress on our global initiatives. We are pleased with the performance of our global procurement organization. With the introduction of AmerisourceBergen, we believe we will be the largest purchaser of pharmaceuticals worldwide. More importantly we are working with manufacturers transparently and collaboratively to help drive sustainable growth in the U.S. and Europe. Manufacturers have told us they appreciate our approach. We think this sets us apart from others in the market, benefits our organizations over the long haul and positions us and our pharmaceutical manufacturer partners extremely well for both short term and long term sustainable value creation.  In addition, after successfully transitioning our branded drugs to AmerisourceBergen last fall, we began our generic transition this January and are making excellent progress. We're on track to complete the work by September 1st. At part of the companys efforts to optimize our cost structure and assets, were also taking a closer look at our store network. As we mentioned in our press release this morning, between now and August, we intent to close 76 stores spread across the country importantly, overall this year including store closings, we expect to expand our store base by approximately 55 to 75 locations in fiscal 2014.  We looked at several factors in deciding which stores to close. We address the impact of increased density from our own stores, the impact of real estate positioning within the market and material changes to a stores trade area. In total, this represents a very small portion less than 1% of our 8,200 plus store base. As we position for future growth and markets and communities continue to change, we want to optimize our store footprint and make sure our stores remain on the best corners in America.  I also want to note that because most of these stores are located near another Walgreens, we will be reassigning a majority of our team members. The store optimization is expected to result in more than $40 million to $50 million and additional annual EBIT beginning at fiscal 2015, representing an estimated $0.02 to $0.03 in adjusted diluted earnings per share as well as estimated charges of $240 million to $280 million, substantially all of which is expected to be recognized in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 14. Keep in mind that we plan to exclude these charges from our adjusted EPS calculation.  As we head into the second half of the fiscal year, we are well positioned to create value and accelerate long-term growth. We expect to continue to make meaningful investments in our frontend to drive the right balance in sales and margins. We're also focused on our important programs in pharmacy, health and wellness such as Medicare Part D, immunizations and healthcare clinics that will continue to improve volume and expand access to convenient high quality affordable healthcare services. With these areas of focus, we will capitalize on the convergence of our two dynamic industries, retail and healthcare and continue to meet the changing demands of our customers, partners and payers. That coupled with the commitment to excellence and execution that has always defined Walgreens, I am excited about the future of our company. And finally, I'd like to thank our team members who did such a great job serving our customers through a very difficult winter. Across the country, they ensured our customers had convenient access to the essential products, emergency supplies and the necessary prescriptions they needed through this harsh winter.  And now I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning I will take you through our quarterly results as well as update you on our Alliance Boots strategic partnership and our AmerisourceBergen relationship. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.78 per diluted share based on nearly 964 million shares. GAAP EPS walks to an adjusted EPS of $0.91 for the quarter as illustrated by this chart. A LIFO provision of $0.04, acquisition related items were $0.12 per share consisting of $0.06 of acquisition related amortization costs, $0.01 of acquisition related cost and $0.05 from Alliance Boots related tax.  Finally, the special items were a net $0.03 per share due to combined impact of the warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen to Walgreens and Alliance Boots with the Alliance Boots impact reported on a three month lag basis.  Let me now review our comparable store sales for the quarter. Comp prescription sales increased 5.8%. Comp frontend sales increased 2% and total comp store sales increased 4.3%. Comp prescription sales increased 2.2% versus a script comp of 4.3% in the year ago period.  In the second quarter, the frontend comp increased 2%, complement to this comp are traffic which decreased by 1.4% and basket size which increased by 3.4%. As Greg touched upon earlier, our frontend was impacted by the tough cough cold flu compare and a severe weather versus the prior year. Looking forward, please keep in mind that the March frontend comp sales will begin to be negatively impacted by the Easter shift this year versus last year. And recall Easter fell on March 31st last year and falls on April 20th this year. As always, we will provide the combined March-April comp on May 5th to give you a better understanding of our underlying sales for these two months.  Looking at comparable store script numbers, our retail scripts were up 2.2%. In spite of the tough cough cold flu compare; this performance reflects the fundamentals of our underlying business, the return of Express Scripts customers and our on-going progress in winning new Medicare Part D customers. It's also worth noting that the two-year stack on script comps has risen back to levels last reached prior to the Express Scripts dispute.  With respect to margin, our adjusted gross margin reflects our FIFO inventory was 29.1% in the current quarter compared to 30.5% last year, a 140 basis point decline. While we always experience some level of reimbursement pressure, the most significant factor affecting the pharmacy margin was dramatically slower rate of new generic introductions year-over-year.  The frontend margin was negatively impacted by increased promotional investment designed to drive traffic and sales, partially offsetting these margin headwinds is the fact that purchasing synergies positively impacted both the frontend and the pharmacy margins.  Taking a look at our adjusted gross margin trends, this quarters 140 basis point decrease was versus a 120 basis point increase a year ago. In essence, the benefit of the generic wave last year [reversed itself] [ph] this year. We expect this impact to continue to moderate in the third and fourth quarter and become a tailwind to some degree in the fourth quarter of fiscal 14. Now keep in mind that the timing of the introduction of some generic drugs remains a question mark. For instance, as most of you know the launch of generic diversions of Diovan and Nexium may be delayed, which would result in their benefit being pushed out from our second half of fiscal 2014 into fiscal year 15. Moving forward the front end margin will continue to be impacted by our promotional investments until we cycle these changes beginning this summer. As we demonstrated and discussed the last two quarters, this graph illustrates the impact that new generic drug introductions have had on our monthly prescription sales comps. The highlighted quarters illustrate that the number of new generic drug introductions have slowed dramatically versus a year ago. And you can see that the generic impact on comp prescription sales was about a negative 6% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, versus the generic impact of negative 1.3% in the most recent quarter. In our experience the margin change resulted from generics is inversely correlated and slightly lag to the impact of generic sales changes. That is, the strongest positive effect on margins typically occurs shortly after the generic impact on prescription sales is the most deflationary. That period occurred in the year ago quarter. As you can see, the tough year-over-year generic impact margin comparisons dissipate in the later half fiscal 2014 given the generic impact on pharmacy sales comps is expected to increase in that period. Transitioning now to gross profit, this slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 10 quarters on a GAAP basis. And the next slide shows the trends on an adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth slowed to 0.4% from 4% in the year ago period as a result of the headwinds we described for you in the first quarter including generic wave shift, the front end investment and the impact of weaker cough cold flu. For the quarter, GAAP SG&A dollar growth was 1.6% to which we add back 0.1 percentage point for the acquisition related cost resulting in adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 1.7%. Shown here are the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past 10 quarters on a GAAP basis and the following slide shows a similar trend on adjusted basis. The adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 1.7% year-over-year increase versus the 4.2% increase in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. Included in this SG&A dollar growth rate was approximately 50 basis points or $23 million of incremental weather related expenses mostly snow removal. This next chart illustrates our two year stacked SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last nine quarters. Now lets review the two year stacked trends on adjusted basis. Two year stack adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago by 200 basis points. With a two year stack of 5.9% growth in the second quarter of 2014 down from 7.9% last year and about half the rate of growth of 11.6% two years ago.  During the quarter, the rate of growth and adjusted gross profit dollars trailed to adjusted SG&A dollar growth by 130 basis points. As you can see gross profit dollar growth decelerated year-over-year, which reflects the incremental headwinds we encountered. Turning to a few other components of our income statement, this quarter included LIFO provision of $51 million versus a provision or charge of $72 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the quarter was 2.5% down slightly from 2.75% a year ago. Net interest expense for the quarter was $37 million versus $23 million from a year ago. Now recall that the quarter a year ago benefited from the receipt of $19 million of interest income generated by late pharmacy reimbursement payments. We expect interest expense of approximately $40 million in the third quarter. Average diluted shares outstanding were 964 million shares versus 953 million shares last year. And the change is primarily due to the impact of a higher stock price on a number of in the money options which are counted as diluted shares.  In third quarter, we expect a diluted share count of approximately 965 million shares subject to changes in the current share price. Our blended effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.9% versus 36.6% last year. The difference is primarily attributed to foreign sourced income taxed at lower rate partially offset by increases to estimated permit differences between booked and tax income. On a go forward basis, Walgreens' tax rate is expected to be about 37.5% and Alliance Boots tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%.  Accounts receivable increased by 11.8% primarily due to increased business including the return of Express Scripts network prescriptions and while accounts payable increased 2.3%. LIFO inventories were down 0.6% and FIFO inventories were up 2% year-over-year versus sales growth of approximately 5.1%. We expect inventory levels to come down in the back half of the year as we realized greater efficiencies due to daily delivery and complete the full generic distribution transition to AmerisourceBergen. Overall, net working capital increased by 2.9% versus a year ago.  During the second quarter we generated approximately $1.1 billion in cash from operations versus $1.2 billion in the year ago period. The free cash flow in the quarter was $877 million versus $953 million a year ago. The next slide shows our correlated accretion from Alliance Boots which was as Greg said, $0.08 per share for the quarter versus our forecast of $0.07 to $0.08 per share. And you can you find a more detailed walk included in the appendix to this presentation on our investor relations website.  Combined net synergies for the quarter totalled $129 million and for the first half of the year have totalled $236 million. As Greg noted, because were running ahead of our original estimate of $350 million to $400 million of combined synergies for the year, we are now raising the range of our estimate to $375 million to $425 million.  Looking forward, we estimate the adjusted EPS accretion from Alliance Boots for the third quarter of fiscal year 2014 to be $0.13 to $0.14 per share based on our current estimate of IFRS to GAAP conversion and foreign exchange rates and moving forward, we plan to continue to provide our accretion estimate one quarter in advance.  Similar to last quarter, we have reviewed our fiscal year 2016 goals internally and performance to date with respect to four of our five goals remains on track with or slightly ahead of our expectations and these four goals are sales of $130 billion including Alliance Boots share of associates and joint venture sales, synergies of $1 billion, operating cash flow of $8 billion and net debt of $11 billion.  As stated in our last call, our adjusted operating income goal of $99.5 billion is currently tracking below the CAGR required to meet this goal and below our initial exceptions. We continue to recognize that there are risks to achieving this goal, however we remain focused on delivering it and as I also stated we have identified a range of further opportunities including benefits from our AmerisourceBergen relationship, incremental Alliance Boots synergies, business expansion and new initiatives and cost savings, which can all help mitigate these risks.  The asset optimization program that Greg described highlights our focus on efficiencies while the increase in our fiscal year 14 synergy estimate demonstrates that were driving additional synergies with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen.  In closing, we believe our strategies for long term are sound and should further differentiate us versus competition and create value for our stakeholders. When recapping the current state of our business, there are many indicators that give us confidence in our future. As Greg said, weve been growing share of the competitive U.S. daily living and retail pharmacy businesses. And we continue on our Well Experience journey and we are focused on continuing this front end momentum and also focused on possibly impacting margin overtime fee and mix and promotional and supply chain efficiencies.  Our Pharmacy business is well positioned in patient segments such as acute needs, Part D customers and acute chronic conditions and we continue to drive real efficiencies in both our pharmacy operations and in procurement.  We also have a significant opportunity to participate in and influence the healthcare market more broadly, via our asset in healthcare professional breadth. Through our various healthcare partnerships and initiatives, were in a path to do exactly that.  Now lastly, we continue to be very pleased with our Alliance Boots partnership and AmerisourceBergen relationship. On the Alliance Boots sides, their business remains resilient in a European environment that remain challenging. The continued strong cash flow and deleveraging focus has also been very positive. Our combined synergies have continued to track it behind of our estimates and were learning from each other every day and our step to join operational and financial planning is going well. Our AmerisourceBergen relationship thus far has also met our expectations with the distribution in our joint synergy efforts progressing right on plan. We also continue to identify additional ways that all three partners can work together to create value and change the paradigm in various areas of our business.  In short, we believe were just scratching the surface in what we can ultimately create as a global pharmacy lead health and wellbeing enterprise. But in my humble opinion we are off to a terrific start.  And with that Ill turn the call back over to Rick. 
Rick Hans:  Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan:  Thanks very much and good morning and thanks for all the details. I guess just a couple of quick follow up questions. The first would just be around the global procurement impact in timing. Greg, you talked about the number being better as far as synergies going up to 375 to 425. But you didnt necessarily update the billion dollars overall. Should we be thinking about that billion dollar number as like being more of a contributor to the overall 16 number?
Greg Wasson :  Yes. Good morning Lisa. We feel confident upping the number for this year to 375 to 425 based on what were seeing. We still feel confident a billion dollars and arent ready to make any comments on that. We -- longer term we still feel confident that there are opportunities that we are identifying but at this point in time we feel confident that wed get to that billion dollars in 16. 
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: And you made some comments about the Affordable Care Act. Yesterday there was some comments that perhaps now Florida is looking at expanding Medicaid. Can you just update us on anything youve seeing thus far around the ACA volume and then maybe any expectations for an increase in the back half of the year?
Greg Wasson : Yes. We saw that announcement and we think obviously as weve said, as enrolment grows, its going to be a positive for the businesses as you would expect with prescription business and people getting coverage they have not had coverage. Some of those maybe cash customers that were getting prescriptions that may not be a complete new prescription customer but we think there will be an additive benefit to more and more people getting coverage.  Yes, its still early to tell, as far as the number of people that are coming on board, I think there is some positive signs over the last month or so that more and more people are getting coverage. I may turn it over it over to Kermit. Kermit if you got any additional colours if youre seeing?
Kermit Crawford: Yes, I think, Lisa I think the other thing to add is that we continue to work with many of the new customers, new patients during the transition period. Weve announced that we will continue to do that through April. Were also working with many of our health plan partners on educating many of the new potential enrolees. So we think the bulk of the volume will continue to be in the open networks and as we see more and more of the open network business, we think that will be good for us.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: And so is it fair to say that you would expect maybe -- hopefully you'll see that in the back half, in the next couple of quarters in your fiscal year or do you think thats going to be more of a fiscal 15 event?
Kermit Crawford: I think as weve seen a slow enrolment period, but I think well see that gradually increase over the next couple of quarters and into next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the questions. I want to start on the gross margin trend. I know you guys mentioned that you expected negative generic comp experienced in the front half to ease as we move into the back half. And I understand you guys dont give specific guidance but, can you maybe just help us think about the components of the gross margin trend in the back half, maybe for instance relative to the year-over-year declines that weve seen in 1Q and 2Q? Any sense you can give us on what we should be looking for on the year-over-year trend into the back half?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I would just say just there is a couple of factors, the big one obviously is the timing of new generic introductions and so we start to move in a phase for those comps now. Again, the exact date of these can never be perfectly predicted so you have in general the information that we have but that makes a very substantive difference.  Again, were starting to cycle the front investments that we made that were quite substantial to get back to more of a normalized rebalancing mix and so over the next quarter or two well move into that cycling. And then even things like flu [I think too is] [ph] going to have some mix effect and so well start to both cycle that and get into more of a normalized period. So these things will kind of all come when then come, but directionally especially when you also look to stacks for compare, they tend to even out over time, and I think were moving into that phase.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great and then just going back to the synergies, I know originally you guys were calling for this to be a little bit less than what we saw last quarter clearly not the case, realized more synergies in 2Q than 1Q. And then looking at the full year even though you did increase it, it does look like the back half would actually be on track to produce less than what we saw in the front half, so just any more specifics or commentary you can give us around the drivers of synergies and maybe whats causing some of the cadence in this fiscal year at least?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think we feel very good where we are but I would also say that for the people they are in the trenches working, these people like Jeff and John, these - some of the deals that we work, you never can predict exactly when theyre going to hit and for what period they will accrue to, but separately I would say that every day we have multiple streams working very hard to identify new synergies to work - negotiate new synergies. And so again while we feel very good on the glide path and even a long term as Greg suggested these things are going to require hard work each and every quarter, every quarter going forward and we just dont want to get ahead of ourselves there.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: So then its not something thats necessarily linear clearly based on the guidance that you guys put out for the back half?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I dont know if its linear or not but I'll say they can be choppy along the way, because sometimes you get a step up for something that we do, but other times we identify a new source of synergies and start working there. Its just there is a lot to moving parts underneath the hood, but directionally we feel we have the right momentum towards our goal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions, first on the SG&A spend, I mean, this is the second quarter where youve grown SG&A at well below your 3.5 to 4.5 organic target. So if you can talk a little bit more in detail about the cost control, is this kind of like a new level going forward? And also how much of it is being driven by distribution efficiencies from the ABC relationships? And when does that normalize if it does?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky maybe Ill take the high level and then let Wade get in a little more detail. I think -- as I said, I think were feeling good with what the stores are doing and efficiency that Mark and team have really driven through the stores. I think well continue to see the stores doing a nice job in balancing payroll according to volume. I think a lot of the corporate initiatives that weve had in place regarding really looking at core initiatives and core programs and projects, we feel good that were making a progress there and that should continue. I dont think frankly that you should be -- in fact a lot of efficiencies yet from the AmerisourceBergen transition although we will -- we do expect to see that going forward, but were still in the process of transitioning the generic distribution from our distribution centres to theirs thats early on, so there is not a lot of that built in. We certainly do expect there would be opportunities going forward with it. Wade anything to add?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think were just aggressively attacking all costs, so we have had a couple of very, I think, strong quarters versus to what we had prior in our sustainable growth model. Well continue to attack all costs and make sure that we focus all resources on the core strategies that will drive values. So I hesitate to lay into any kind of guidance on that, but as Greg said also that the big distribution benefit for us really comes at the end of this fiscal and into next fiscal, when we have all of our generic volume which is just smaller dollar piece about 80% of the unit volume fully consolidated in their systems. And I think thats also when they see the benefit too, as once we get the full integration of branded generics so that will be a next year event by and large.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: And what - if you can share with us, what percent of your generic volumes is now distributed via ABC?
Wade Miquelon: We havent given that number, Ricky, although making good progress and we intend to be completed by the end of the fiscal year and we are on track to meet that date for sure. 
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then secondly on the tax rate, I know the tax rate in the quarter was below historical levels and Wade you touched upon that, but just to clarify, should we expect in the next quarter then, a higher tax to go up, or is there any change on how you account for the AB equity earnings, how you are accounting taxes for that?
Wade Miquelon: No, I think you can expect probably going forward a rate similar to what you saw in this quarter. Its again if I think its really complex to kind of track the rate through this based upon our joint venture, their business and our business. But I think that you will see something markedly different from what you saw in this period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wildermuth of Jefferies, your line is now open.
Mark Wildermuth - Jefferies: I wanted to get some insights on the Alliance Boots number. The reported income from Alliance Boots of 194 million was much higher than a lot of us were expecting. What was in that number? Was there anything unusual in that? And what do you think the core operating earnings growth for Alliance Boots is running at right now?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, the big thing in the number for IFRS purposes is the warrant income from ABC, and they have a lag, so it was actually gain in this period for them. And without the lag for us, the stock pulled back a little bit. It was a slight loss. But that was the big thing in the IFRS number, and again for our purposes, for GAAP we reversed that out. There is always some nuances back and forth. With respect to the overall business, Im not going to provide any kind of guidance on it going forward, but they are going to be reporting their numbers for the full-year in May. And so closing at the end of March, in the next week or two, so I think well be able to get a lot more color on their business probably. And that should probably be very helpful.
Mark Wildermuth - Jefferies: Okay, and the difference between that 194, that was in the reported numbers, and the 100 million that you had in the slides that were kind of tax affected. Is that just a ticking up that gain that you were talking about?
Wade Miquelon: It was primarily the warrants, I dont have the full rec, but that will be the main event. But we can get you the specific details on that.
Mark Wildermuth - Jefferies: Okay, and then, on the weather impact I guess there were some commentary on SG&A impact from removing snow and so forth, but what do you think the total weather impact was in the quarter?
Wade Miquelon: As Greg has said, our gross profit SG&A spread would have been basically equal, having not had it. So you can deduct about 20 couple million, 22 million for snow removal, 25 million and then a balance up to 60 million, so 35 million or so for gross profit impact. I mean that was built through historic closures where we had substantial store closure days and a little bit of traffic too.
Mark Wildermuth - Jefferies: Okay, so 22 million plus a 35 million.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, about that, say 60 in total.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland. Your line is now open.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company:   Good morning. Two things, first one, in terms of merchandising changes with Alex involved in with Beauty; I am curious if you can give us an update of where that is going in terms of an opportunity to further expand Beauty? What you are doing in terms of adding product, adding space, adding labor and then also the opportunity to expand brands to further drive share opportunities from that area?
Greg Wasson: Yes, good morning Eric. I have got Alec here, so I'll lead off, and maybe I will let Alec weigh in a little bit, but you know as I said, we do think we have an opportunity to build bigger in Beauty. We feel good with our pilot rollout of the Boots brands in Arizona as I said. I think we've been in that since last fall. We're seeing some pretty good results, not only in with the brands specifically, but in the total category itself, which is encouraging. We intend as I said the rollout, in New York City next, we think thats a good metropolitan market to introduce the brand in a very special way. And we're going to do it right. So, were feeling pretty good there. I guess maybe I will -- Alec, I will let you kind of weigh in there with your thoughts.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, thanks Greg. As Greg said, we are pleased with our progress so far. I have seen really positive response from some of our customers who are already shopping for Beauty in Walgreens and doing more shopping for Beauty in Walgreens particularly developing some categories. The bed is absolutely right, [indiscernible] its not just the way the product, it's about the customer care that runs a product. And if we are not consistently both in Phoenix and in the 10 stores that we have upgraded in New York. So I might [indiscernible] if you want to have look out and you square example in New York City, Empire State Building in New York City. They are both on the ground and we'll have a 150 growing by the end of this fiscal year, and I am feeling good. Thats certainly encouraging Walgreen shoppers to shop a bit more in Beauty already and it is not just Number 7, its the Boots brands and beyond that.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Just a follow on, as you think about the future opportunity to gain share perhaps never getting to where Boots is in the UK but moving in that direction, how important is the ability to gain access to brands that you dont have today national brands or prestige brands, how critical is that or how far can you get without those?
Alex Gourlay: We believe we can go quite a long way without them. Again the history in Boots, the premiums brands have only been in Boots for about 15-20 years and Boots have a very beauty business and mask and we call it [indiscernible] which is mid-market brands before then. So we are feeling pretty good about being able to expand with both premium brands and obviously as we go forward into the future we attract customers to think more about the experience of beauty instead of Walgreens, we believe that some of the premium brands may be interested in joining us in Walgreens but I strongly dont know at all, and we think we can get quite a long way on that road without the support of premium brands.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Thanks and then just one other if I could, the store closings is a little bit different than what weve seen in the past, curious about the timing on that and thinking on that and then also if there is a larger opportunity to manage the SG&A or corporate opportunity within the business as you look at combining the organizations?
Alex Gourlay: Well, Eric, maybe Ill lead off and get Wade and even Mark Wagner if he wants to weigh in. Keep in mind that when we talked earlier in the year about our enterprise optimization program to really set ourselves up for the global the international entity were about to become, we really want to make sure were positioned to ready roll for that and weve been doing some good stuff corporately as we talked about to position ourselves and then the next thing we want to look at some of the assets, we took a real hard look trade area by trade area at our store locations something to your point we really -- weve done in the past but not with a real focused effort. Good news is frankly weve got a lot of great locations out there and we've only really stumbled on about the 75 or so that were talking about. A lot of that is due to -- some of that is due to us. We put in may be an extra store in the trade area and probably what we should have and weve done step in so forth. But with that may be Ill turn it over to Mark a little bit as far as he went through -- he led that exercise to look at our store base and I think maybe hell add a little colour.
Mark Wagner: Yes, hello Eric. Yes, we looked at really with two lenses, one with a strategic lens, one with a financial lens and kind of loosen the Prado philosophy 80% of the closings are really and some of our denser markets, some of our big growth states that where we were the biggest competitor in these trade areas. Some of the other challenges we had in the trade areas where they changed over time due to pattern changes, overpasses, underpasses you name it, that really made our store real estate sights not as competitive or out-positioned in most cases.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. First one I want to talk about is free cash flow, looks like its running about half of last years levels and want to get your thoughts as we go forward and we get to next year when were going to close the acquisition and what impact does this trend continues that will have?
Greg Wasson: Yes, I would just say that this year both operating and free cash flow look a little bit lumpy just because weve got this major transition with AmerisourceBergen, the timing of the brand move, the timing of generic move, they are really selling us contract for how we think about inventory versus payables. But this is really going to work its way through the system because at the end of the year we anticipate that well have what will be the targeted levels for this type of transition. So I guess what I would just say is I dont think anything is unusual this year in operating or free cash versus prior year and that slight changes working capital slight changes and whatever. So as we look forward, I guess 2016 we still are very -- remain very confident Eric, in our combined cash goal of $8 billion in operating and very strong free cash flow. And again I think what you saw last quarter was very low but its really just because of this transitional effect in this quarter was more normalized but the next couple of quarters we should be kind of even out for the entire year as we complete the full transition.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: So we should think of free cash flow kind of similar to the levels we saw last year is that how you would -- its lumpy but its going to be about the same?
Greg Wasson: Yes, well, I mean the real [indiscernible] its just for us operating less the capital but its not substantially different, youve got our guidance for what we planned on capital spending and you could do the math yourselves there, so.
Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research: Then my second question goes, I think you guys said you had 628 well stores, I wonder if you can give us any and maybe youve done this before, but any kind of as you convert stores to the Well Experience, what the sales list looks like, whats the profit list and then how many more are you expecting this year [indiscernible] and that would be great.
Greg Wasson: Scott we havent really given out colour on actual performance. I can say that as weve been working on this for the last three years, its gone to crawl walk run and we want to make sure that the investment were putting in, were getting the right return. We feel pretty good. There is still some areas that were tweaking to make sure that we can continue to put the pedal to the metal, one of the things weve done is the good thing is, is we now have a pretty good idea of the various components with the Well Experience format and whats working, what still needs some work and the good thing is you will begin to see the various components within the Well Experience format show up throughout the chain in a much quicker way than we would have been if we just continued to roll-out the entire format or try to get the entire format right. So, bottom line, we feel good about it. There are still areas where we want to tweak and get the returns on that added content and product so forth, but there is lot of the areas that are modular that we can begin to roll-out throughout the chain. Alec you want to add any colour there?
Alex Gourlay:  Yes, thanks Greg. The other thing I will say is that the success of the Balance Reward Card in terms of 180 million active customers and 100 million people signed up, has given us real-time data about how people are using our stores, and really that data is helping us to design as Greg has said even better assortments going forward. So, I think the design has been really appreciated by customers, the feedback in terms of the brand perception is good, in terms of moving on the brand perception to a more differentiated space than normal drugstore channel which exactly what the team is out to do a few years ago. And the data from the Balance Reward Card is now allowing us to build better assortments for our customers. So, I think we'll accelerate from this point based on that data and based on what the customers are telling us right now in terms of their perception of the Walgreens brand within it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Company: Yes, thanks for taking the question. May be if I could just follow-up on that question Alec, in terms of the data for Balance Rewards, how much has that data been really analysed and how much is it already been acted upon or is this something you are still kind of calling the data and really kind of crunching it to really understand sort of the behaviour of your shoppers?
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I think its a bit of all three. I mean I think some of it is really well understood and we're using already to simplify some of the things we're doing particularly in the promotional strategy and some of it we'll understand in terms of building assortments as said already. And I know from experience of being with us that there is a lot more we can do with this data over time but a strong team they are really a good team and are working closely with our association partners across in Alliance Boots and I think this will give us a lot of momentum going forward. So, I think all three to be honest for very good reasons.
Greg Wasson:  I would weigh in on that as well, I think -- I would say we're really kind of in the infancy of the insights that we are beginning to gather from, having launched nearly a 180 million active members a year ago. So, there is a lot of excitement from the merchants let me tell you about the data and the insights are beginning to have.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Company: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe a question for Wade, if I look at the cash flow statement, am I correct, I think you didnt really repurchase any shares in the quarter? And how should we think about that maybe for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Wade Miquelon:  No, we didnt repurchase any shares. I think as we have said before, our allocation policy was to get us through step two very strong balance sheet position prior to reconsidering any buybacks. We have been buying, as you could call, to see some AmerisourceBergen stock and the number at the end of the quarter was 1.5%, 1.6%. 
Charles Rhyee - Cowen & Company: Okay, great. And then maybe if I can just sneak one last question in, on the -- you touched on sort of the stores that are closing and so our net stores are what 55-75 for the year opening, how should we think about store expansions as we go forward? You might have touched on that, I am sorry if I missed it.
Wade Miquelon:  We dont think that our kind of rate of annualized growth that we've talked is going to be different. Again in the grand scheme of things, these seven, six stores are less than 1% of our total and many of them have, circumstances have changed over many years. But on a go forward basis, we will see the same kind of cadence we've had had in the past few years.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I'd say one of the things that we have, we do feel good about with the opening of at a slower rate, although still plenty of New York store growth year-over-year, we are really finding some great locations and thats what we want to do. We want to A plus locations now and open at that same rate going forward. We still have several geographies out there that we can expand in, and fine great locations.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing we have time for few more analyst questions. Our next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities:  Hey Greg. So, two things, how do you think about tobacco? How much of an opportunity is that near-term right as CVS exits, is it a liability long-term? And then to your partners HMOs, PBMs, customers, do they care whether you sell it or not?
Greg Wasson:  Morning, John. Let me start with kind of where we're focused and what we're focused on is to help encourage our customers to make healthy choices and not only with just with cigarettes but with daily habits and thats just kind of our walk with Well and some of the things we're doing are designed to do. That includes helping people quit. And I think that CVS, as said, that two most important factors that help someone quit smoking as a healthcare professional as well as nicotine replacement therapy and some stats that maybe you may have or may not have but back in the 60s, 70s we're better than half of this population smoked today it's down to about 18%, it's been 18% for a period of time. Those folks 60 some percent of them want to quit, 45% last year tried to quit. We think we are well positioned to help folks change their behaviour who want to quit. So our pharmacists are geared up and we really want to begin to help change behaviour. So thats our area folks.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: So I mean it sounds like you are going to stick with it unless its mandated like in San Fran, that you cant sell it.
Greg Wasson: Well, as I said were going to help people change behaviour, were going to help them quit and I dont think there is any one better than retail pharmacy where the pharmacists and smoking cessation products that can help people change your behaviour and help them quit.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: And then for Alex while we have him -- obviously Beauty Number 7, thats pretty obvious how that can help Walgreen. What are some of the less obvious things you can bring from Boots? Like one of the things thats always intrigued me is migrating Pink Friday to the U.S. What are some of the things youve looked at that can be impactful to Walgreen U.S. that may have flown below the radar screen?
Alex Gourlay: Yes John I think Pink Friday which as you know was a [indiscernible] in the UK, Walgreens already has a really seasonal business, and particularly it seemed a last minute I guess destination for many Americans and thats exactly what Boots does as well. So we think we can really join together and improve certainly the Beauty ranges in Walgreens. And surly through brings supports across both Boots and Walgreens by Kmart but even better for customers. So seasonal is definitely one area. And I think also the second point would be the fantastic Walgreens brand. At our Walgreens healthcare brand is the number one healthcare brand from a consumer healthcare point of view. And again working closely together to being new innovative products both to the U.S. and to the UK market where Boots is primarily based is another big opportunity in this relationship on the consumer and the front end.
Greg Wasson: John may be Ill add because Alex is humble, he wont say this. But I think one of the things that were bringing as well and he is helping with is the understanding of how their Boots loyalty program was successful and help drive a lot of the success that they had moving into beauty and other areas within the UK, and I think the knowledge that well bring in with our 80 million active members now to continue to improve our loyalty program is going to be a big opportunity for us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse:  Good morning guys and thanks for squeezing me in. I was hoping we could maybe wrap up with two topics that have become more top of mind with investors recently. The first is around a longer term view of leverage at the company. You obviously historically have been operating with a lot of leverage at all. Alliance Boots has, right? And I think the question is as you go forward as a combined company generating a ton of free cash flow, would it make sense to operate possibly with a lot more leverage than where you are today to unlock cash through either share repo or additional deals. So your thought on that first would be helpful.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I guess a couple of things as obviously I think when you look at our business you need to look through to the leases and the lease is back on the overall balance sheet which is significant. We like where we are in investment grade and I think its been important for us to stay investment grade, were in that investment grade zone. We should be over time I think, we've decided over time as we go. But I guess what I would say yes we are, we do believe well generate a lot of free cash flow, have a lot of options. But at this point were really focused on getting through to step two with the structure, with the ratings, with the overall metrics that weve had, at that point I am sure that well look broadly in for instance all of our options as a company to say whats the best capital allocation process going forward, and where the best value creating ideas returning back to shareholders or is it investing back on the business. Glad to say it's a little bit premature to have that discussion right now.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: The second question which, the answer is going to be similar but, its on the notion of tax inversion because theres been a lot of speculation amongst investors about the opportunity here. Could you maybe just talk about what the issues may be for a company like Walgreens and potentially doing something like this and whether its something that you would be open to considering?
Greg Wasson:  Its Greg, maybe Id start with just retreating what I said, I think not on last earnings call, the one before that we have no plans to do so to do so, to do an inversion or redomicile the company. I think what we are focused on frankly is spending the time with our Board and on diligent and so forth to make sure that we put our board and our shareholders into position to make the right decision on step two. And thats what were focused on. But just to reiterate as I said on last call we have no plans to do an inversion.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions. At this time Id like to hand the call back over to Mr. Rick Hans for any closing remarks.
Rick Hans:  Folks, that was our final question, thank you for joining us today. As a reminder we will report March sales on April 3rd. And until then, thank you for listening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude today's program, you may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance Greg Wasson - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Wade Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, President - International Kermit Crawford - President - Pharmacy, Health and Wellness Services and Solutions
Analysts: Steven Valiquette - UBS Mark Miller - William Blair John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley George Hill - Deutsche Bank Mike Minchak - JPMorgan Robert Jones - Goldman Sach Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse Charles Rhyee - Cowen and Company Meredith Adler - Barclays
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreen Co. First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Rick Hans, you may begin.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2014 conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO and President International, will discuss the quarter. Also joining us on the call are Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy and Mark Wagner, President of Store Operations. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I will begin with highlights of our performance in the first quarter year. Next, I will update our strategic progress in light of the continued soft economy and finally I will look ahead into the fiscal year. Then I will turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed financial review of the quarter in the coming year. Before we get into the highlights, I want to start by saying we are generally satisfied with the topline results, our cost management and our synergy performance this quarter. Our margins, however, were most significantly affected by the year-over-year negative impact related to generics. This quarter saw a significant shift in the generic wave from a peak in introductions in the first quarter last year to a trough this year. We also saw an impact from our strategic decision to make meaningful promotional investments in our daily living business. Wade will walk you through the gross margin story in more detail later. Regarding sales for the quarter, we generated a record $18.3 billion. GAAP and adjusted first quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.72, which include the positive impact of $0.07 per diluted share attributable to a deferred tax adjustment from a reduction to the UK corporate tax rate for Alliance Boots. We sold a record 213 million prescriptions in the quarter and we increased our pharmacy market share 50 basis points to 19.4% year-over-year. We opened an innovative new store with John Hopkins Medicine which will allow us to codevelop clinical initiatives, designed to improve community health care that we intend to pull throughout the chain. Walgreens and Theranos also took the next step in our planned national roll-out of groundbreaking new lab services with the opening of Theranos Wellness Centers in two stores in Phoenix. We continue to participate in industry consolidation as we completed the acquisition of certain assets of Kerr Drugs retail drugstores and specialty pharmacy business. And finally, we opened our NetZero Energy Store in Evanston, Illinois. We are investing in this store to bring what we learned through our other locations and help us reduce our chain wide energy consumption 20% by 2020. As I have mentioned, we reported first-quarter sales of $18.3 billion, up 5.9% from $17.3 billion a year ago. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $924 million, up 31.1% from $705 million last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.1 billion, up 19.4% from $924 million in first quarter 2013. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.72 in the first quarter compared to $0.43 last year, up 66.1% and first-quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.72, up 24.1% from $0.58 in the same quarter last year. Finally, we generated operating cash flow of $133 million in the first quarter compared with $601 million in the year ago quarter. The decrease was primarily the result of the tiny working capital changes associated with our transition to AmerisourceBergen. Looking at our gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth on a GAAP basis. This quarter the spread was $72 million. On an adjusted basis, the spread was $44 million. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased by $61 million or 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Adjusted SG&A dollar growth increased $17 million or 0.4% compared to the same quarter last year, as we continued our strong focus on cost management. In fact our SG&A dollar growth performance this quarter was among the best we have had in the past several years. As we made progress on our topline results, we also advanced our three strategic growth drivers, creating a well experience, transforming the role of community pharmacy, and establishing an efficient global platform. Today I will provide an update on that progress beginning with well experience. We are continuing to see a value conscious consumer and the impact of a soft economy. We responded with meaningful promotional investments in the quarter resulting in an increase in traffic of 210 basis points compared to fourth quarter fiscal 2013. In addition, basket size grew 2.2% and daily living sales in comparable stores increased 2.4% all compared to the same quarter last year. We also saw aggregate gains in market share in the quarter across Nielsen tracked categories in our daily living business which improved as the quarter progressed. While these numbers represent solid gains in our daily living business as we go forward into fiscal '14, we will leverage our data and insights from Balance Rewards to improve the effectiveness of our promotional investments. We are elevating our focus on meeting customers' expectations in all channels and are driving our alignment across our organization with the appointment of Sona Chawla, as President of Digital and Chief Marketing Officer. Through her new role, we bring together the power of e-commerce marketing and insights and analytics teams to help deliver our Well Experience. A key part of that strategy is the continued rollout of our Well Experience store format. We are pleased with our progress to date on Well Experience with 87 new and converted stores this quarter, totaling 600 across the country. As we continue to refine our strategy, we will bring our innovative format with its updated assortments and integrated healthcare offerings into new markets. We are also enhancing our beauty offering, which we rolled out in nearly 200 of our Phoenix and Arizona stores this quarter and where we launched Boots No7 product in partnership with Alliance Boots along with a broader assortment of beauty brands. We also created a more engaging, interactive experience for our customers, with specialized training for our beauty advisors, and most importantly performance is exceeding our expectations. Finally, turning to Balance Rewards, 70% of frontend sales in November were processed through our loyalty program with 74 million active members and 92 million members enrolled. Also with more than 12 months of data, we are gaining valuable insights into our customers' shopping and purchasing habits giving us excellent information to work with as we sharpen our category plans for the year ahead. In our pharmacy health and wellness business, demand for flu shots remained high despite the low start to the cough, cold and flu season. In the quarter, we administered 1.1 million more flu shots than we did last year, bringing our total for the season to-date to 6.4 million. In addition, our script comp was up 5.5% in the quarter and our retail pharmacy market share increased 50 basis points to 19.4% year-over-year. We also exceeded the industry prescription growth rate in the quarter by 2.9 percentage points until the record 213 million prescriptions. However, as I described earlier, our margin was impacted by a negative effect related to generics, including a slowdown in generic introductions as well as an impact to controlled pain medication. The past year, we led the industry to ensure the safe dispensing of controlled medications, working to ensure our patients receive the medications they need and to help control abuse through new processes, procedures and training as part of our Good Faith Dispensing Policy. As a results of our enhanced procedures we saw some drop off in volume of these higher-margin medications and a 50 basis point impact to gross profit dollar growth. As we begin to look beyond the flu season, we will leverage our success with flu shots to drive our non-flu vaccine programs. We have seen year-over-year growth in vaccines of 34% and we continue to see tremendous potential to grow our share of the $7.4 billion market. We also will continue to grow our share of Medicare Part B patients as we take advantage of the consolidation of mail order diabetes testing supply companies. As a result, we have seen significant growth in our testing supply prescriptions and are looking to continue to increase that business. Last year, our share in Med-D outpaced the industry and we are focused on improving our performance this year. Once again, we are a preferred provider for four of the top national plans offering our customers lower co-pays for medications. We have experience with these programs, know the customers and believe we are well-positioned to improve our Med-D script volume. Through our Well network, we have brought over 400 healthcare clinics, specialty and infusion assets, hospital on-sites, centers of excellence and other resources together with our 8,200 retail pharmacies and connected them with partners across the industry, including physicians, health plans, payers and plans. Together we are pioneering new kinds of partnerships and models of care that will create better experiences for patients, improve health outcomes and lower the overall healthcare costs. Next, our partnership with Alliance Boots also continued to add to our results contributing $0.14 per diluted share to Walgreens' first quarter 2014 adjusted results, which included $0.07 per diluted share attributable to the deferred tax adjustment I referenced earlier. As you recall, that compares favorably to our previous estimate of $0.05 for the quarter. In addition to the company's contribution, we are making solid progress through our joint venture in Bern, Switzerland, building productive relationships with generic manufacturers and integrating the AmerisourceBergen into our global procurement process. In addition with our scale and expertise we can add value beyond procurement, working with manufacturers on a full range of programs that bring together our health care assets to improve service delivery and health outcomes. 16 months into our work, I am more confident than ever in our game changing strategic partnership with Alliance Boots and our strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen. We are bringing together two iconic retail brands, the leading European integrated wholesale retailer and a leading U.S. wholesaler to create a truly unique collaborative global retail wholesale model. This combination is powerful in itself. Three of the world leaders in our respective industry sectors building a global platform that is unmatched in the retail or wholesale pharmacy industry that will allow to not only better serve the U.S. and European health care systems and patients but it will allow us to serve the growing markets around the world. Wade will give you more details on this as well as our progress toward our 2016 goals shortly. Overall we believe we are well-positioned for future growth. As we noted in our press release, we anticipate the effect of the generic trough will moderate in the back half of the year and with our joint venture in Bern, we are best positioned to manage the changes taking place across the industry. We are focused on determined execution in our core business, the fundamentals that have always defined this company, disciplined cost management, driving top-line results and meeting the needs of customers every day in our stores. Finally with Christmas just a few days away, we are in the midst of our busiest season. I want to thank our employees who have done a great job providing extraordinary customer care and ensuring that we execute with excellence during a very critical time for our business. We wish everyone on our team a happy and healthy holiday season and with that, thank you, happy holidays and I will turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thank you for, joining us on the call. This morning I will take you through our quarterly results as well as update you on our Alliance Boots partnership and our AmerisourceBergen relationship. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.72 per diluted share based on 962 million shares. GAAP EPS walks to an adjusted EPS of $0.72 for the quarter as illustrated by this chart. A LIFO provision of $0.04, acquisition related items were $0.11 per share consisting of $0.05 of acquisition related amortization costs, $0.02 of acquisition related costs, $0.03 from Alliance Boots related tax and $0.01 of Alliance Boots related amortization. Finally, special items were a net reduction of $0.15 per share. As noted, there was $0.02 per share in costs associated primarily with the closing of the Lehigh Valley distribution center as the company positions itself to operate on a global platform which was more than offset by the positive EPS impact of $0.17 per share related to the warrant issued by AmerisourceBergen. GAAP and adjusted net earnings in this year's quarter includes the positive impact of $0.07 per diluted share attributable to a deferred tax adjustment resulting from reduction to the UK corporate tax rate, applicable to Alliance Boots which was enacted in July 2013. Let me now provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. Comp prescription sales increased 7.2%. Comp front-end sales increased 2.4%. Total comp store sales increased 5.4%. Comp prescriptions filled increase 5.5% versus the script comp of negative 4.8% in the year ago period. Now, please recall the year ago quarter was negatively impacted by our exit from the Express Scripts network. In the first quarter, the front end comp increased 2.4%, traffic increased by 0.2% and the basket size increased by 2.2%. As Greg has said earlier, our front end has now turned positive on both a one and two-year-stack basis primarily due to the momentum of our new promotional decisions designed to balance traffic and basket with profitability. Looking at comparable store script numbers, our retail scripts were up 5.5%. This continues to reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business, the return of Express Scripts customers and our continued progress in winning new Medicare Part D customers. It's also worth noting that the two-year stack on script cost has turned positive for the first time in eight quarters. With respect to margin, our adjusted FIFO gross margin was 28.5% in the current quarter compared to 29.8% last year, a 130-basis point decline. While we always experience some reimbursement pressure, by far one of the most significant factor affecting the pharmacy margin was dramatically slower rate of new generic introductions this quarter versus the quarter a year ago. The front-end margin was negatively impacted by increased promotional investment designed to drive traffic as well. As Greg mentioned, the loss of some controlled substances in the business impacted the margin negatively. Taking a look at our longer-term adjusted FIFO gross margin trends this quarter's 130 basis-point decline was up against 140-basis point increase a year ago. In essence, the benefit of the generic wave last year reversed itself this year and we expect an impact of similar magnitude in the second quarter. As stated earlier both the pharmacy and front-end margins decreased in the quarter, which impacted our overall results. Moving forward, front end margin will continue to be impacted by our new promotional adjustments until we cycle these changes. This next chart, which we demonstrated and discussed last quarter, illustrates the impact of new generic drug introduction tab on our multi-prescription sales comps. You can see that the generic impact on comp prescription sales was greatest in the first quarter of fiscal 2013, reaching a negative 8.8% versus the generic impact in the most recent quarter of a negative 0.09%. The highlighted quarters illustrate that the number of new generic drug introduction has slowed dramatically versus a year ago. In our experience, the margin change resulting from generics is inversely correlated and slightly lags the impact of generic changes. That is the strongest positive effect on margin typically occurs shortly after generic impact on prescription sales and is the most inflationary and conversely the weakest positive effect on margin typically occurs shortly after generic impact on prescription sales is the least deflationary. Transitioning now to gross profit; this slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past nine quarters on a GAAP basis. The next slide shows these trends on adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth slowed from 4.3% in the fourth quarter of 2013 to 1.2% in the first quarter of 2014 commensurate with the generic wave shift and the front end investment. If we go to adjusted SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our GAAP SG&A dollar growth was a negative 0.4% to which we add back 0.3 percentage points from Walgreen acquisition-related amortization and 0.9 percentage points for the Hurricane Sandy offset, summed up by a 0.4 percentage point related to organizational efficiency costs. Netting these items resulted in an adjusted SG&A dollar growth of positive 0.4% in the quarter. Shown here are the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past nine quarters on a GAAP basis and the follow on slide shows a similar trend on adjusted basis. The adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 8.4% year-over-year increase versus the 2.5% increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. This next chart illustrates that our two-year stack for the SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last nine quarters. Now let's review the two-year stack trends on adjusted basis. Two-year stack adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago by 450 basis points with a two-year stack of 2.9% growth in the first quarter of 2014, down from 7.4% last year. During the quarter, the rate of growth and adjusted FIFO gross profit dollars exceeded adjusted SG&A dollar growth by 80 basis points. Given the very powerful margin headwinds we faced, we are pleased with the SG&A effort needed to yield this positive spread. As you can see, this is a third consecutive quarter with a positive spread. Turning to a few other components of our income statement, this quarter included LIFO provision of $58 million versus a provision or charge of $55 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the quarter was 2.8%, up slightly from 2.5% a year ago. Net interest expense for the quarter was $41 million versus $37 million from a year ago. Average diluted shares outstanding were 962 million shares versus 951 million shares last year. The change is primarily due to the impact of a higher stock price on the number of in-the-money options which are counted in diluted shares. In Q2 you can expect a diluted share count of approximately 960 million shares, subject to changes in the current share price. You can also expect interest expense of approximately $40 million in Q2. Our blended effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.8% versus 38.2% last year. On a go forward basis, Walgreens' tax rate is expected to be about 37.5% excluding the various impacts associated with the Alliance Boots partnership. Cash and cash equivalents were $969 million in the first quarter versus $1.8 billion a year ago. Accounts receivable increased by 20.5% primarily due to the increased business including the return of Express Scripts network prescriptions, while accounts payable decreased by 1.2%. LIFO inventories were down 1.2% and FIFO inventories were up 1.5% year-over-year versus a sales growth of 5.9%. Overall net working capital decreased by 5.7% versus a year ago. During the first quarter, we generated $133 million in cash from operations versus $601 million a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to the result of timing of working capital changes associated with our transition to AmerisourceBergen which we expect will work itself out over time. Free cash flow in the quarter was a negative $231 million versus a positive $265 million a year ago. Shifting to our quarterly Alliance Boots accretion walk, as shown, there was the accretion of $0.14 in the quarter including a $0.07 one-time tax benefit due to lowering of corporate taxes in the UK. A detailed description of this walk is included in the appendix. Looking forward we estimate the adjusted EPS accretion from Alliance Boots for the second quarter of fiscal year 2014 to be $0.07 to $0.08 per share based on our current estimate of IFRS to GAAP conversion and foreign exchange rates and moving forward, we will continue to provide our accretion estimates on the call each quarter in advance. We are also confirming the combined synergies for fiscal year 2014 and expect them to be in the $350 million to $400 million range. A key consideration the second quarter each year is a relative population affected by the flu as illustrated in this chart As noted, the red line is the incidence of flu last year with the peak in January and the purple line is the average incidence of flu for the last three years. And the black line is the actual flu incidence season to date this year. As you can see, the flu incidence this year is less pervasive than last year and is running 5% to 10% below last year. We will keep you posted on how this relative flu incidence plays out throughout the season with our monthly sales releases. I would like to close today with a brief update on progress towards our fiscal year 2016 goals which we provided to you after we announced our 45% investment in Alliance Boots in June 2012. While still relatively early in our journey, performance to-date with respect our four of our goals is on track with or slightly ahead of our expectations, and these four goals are, sales of $130 billion including Alliance Boots share, associates and joint venture sales, synergies of $1 billion, operating cash flow of $8 billion and net debt of $11 billion. Performance to-date with respect to our adjusted operating income goal of $99.5 billion is currently tracking a bit below the CAGR required to meet this goal, largely because of gross profit dollars growth pressure domestically as I discussed today and a challenging environment in some international markets. While we recognize there are risks to achieving this goal, we remain focused on delivering it and have identified a range of further opportunities including benefits of our AmerisourceBergen relationship, incremental Alliance Boots synergies, business expansion and new initiatives and accelerated cost savings, also of which can help mitigate these risks. We intend to continue to update you on our progress against these goals in future calls. In summary, we continue to be very optimistic and excited about our future. We have made tremendous progress in our well experience journey to become the most relevant retailer in our space but still, we believe we are just scratching the surface of ways we can continue to leverage our best in class footprint with differentiated products and services to please and reward our most vital customers and gain new customers just like them. We believe we have strategies, tools and talent to do exactly that. We are gaining share in retail pharmacy as we are finding new ways to please and attract pharmacy patients but what gets us even more excited is the tremendous opportunity we have before us to move from a traditional pharmacy, historically participating about 12% of the healthcare market to a company that is increasingly participating much more broadly in areas like specialty, home infusion, workplace health, vaccinations, diagnostic lab, hospital partnerships and primary care. Because of our unmatched infrastructure, over 70,000 healthcare service providers and new emerging technologies, we are extraordinarily well-positioned to capture value will help and deliver better outcomes on healthcare spend across the board, thereby benefiting patients, payers, suppliers and in many cases even other providers. Lastly, our partnership with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen gives us a unique opportunity to leverage our combined assets and capabilities to be more efficient and effective in our core business and continue our journey to influence health, beauty and well-being on a global stage. We believe that this unique combination will continue to lead to other value creating partnerships. We have always said there will be some ups and downs in this journey, but if we stay relentless focused, we can achieve our purpose to help people, get stay and live well and continue to reward our stakeholders. Thank you for all your combined and continued support and I hope the holiday season blesses you and all of yours. Now, I will turn it back to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I guess with some other large scale generic deals being announced in the pharma supply channel recently, so I was just kind of curious if you guys think you have a first mover advantage with manufacturers given your earlier timing of your JV, and also just overall do you think these type of deals help your cause, they hurt a little, are they neutral? Just curious of more colors given some of these other deals.
Greg Wasson: Steve, good question. Certainly, I think we do realize we have first mover advantage. We have been at this for a period of time now and I think Jeff and team, in Bern, John Donovan are doing a great job as we have talked about. Certainly, we are focused on maintaining that first mover advantage and not giving it up. I think, as I somewhat said in my remarks, we do feel like we have got a truly differentiated model which is not only an integrated retail wholesale model, but certainly two great partners with AmerisourceBergen here in the U.S., Alliance Boots in Europe, so I think we put together an opportunity to serve both the U.S. and the European market, but integrated wholesale retail market with three iconic brands which gives us that opportunity to even go beyond, so we think our model frankly is a superior model, we do not want to lose that first mover advantage. As far as what it may do the market, we will see. I think certainly with three big buying groups out there, the industry is going to continue to change and we will have to stay ahead of that, make sure we react, but we think we are at advantage.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: Okay. That's great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Miller of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Could you expand on the business expansion and new initiatives, Wade, that you called out to be able to offset for the operating profit tracking thus far a little bit below the long-term plan. Then also the efficiencies and cost savings you alluded to, is that something we are going to see those expenses come through on a quarter-by-quarter basis or might we see a larger restructuring for the company?
Wade Miquelon: Yes. Ill speak a little to the business initiatives and expansion obviously some of these things are public and known and some of these things are still things that are not, but theyre the kinds of things weve talked about, work we are doing with for example you know big pharma to help reinvent their model to help save costs in clinical trials, which we are doing some work with right now. Also, things like Theranos which we believe has very meaningful potential. We are very excited about. In various geographies weve got a strong footprint but we have got opportunities to do even more breadth of services in those markets and get deeper and broader and working with our partner Alliance Boots. We are doing exactly that. On the cost side, I think you saw we had very good cost progress. We do a lot of things efficiently, but there's always opportunities to do a lot more and under Tim Theriault's leadership we are brining continuous improvement to a whole another level in the company really looking at every process end-to-end and how we can be much more efficient, much more enabling to our employees, so we have continued opportunities and we are aggressively going after, but it's going to make us, I think, a much better company and it allows to serve our customers even better to boot.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay, and then my second question is, there is a lot of adjustments here to get to the underlying performance but, one, I need help with this $0.07 positive impact on Alliance Boots. Is that being added back to the $151 million that's flowing through the equity earnings line so that if we took that out, it would be around $80 million underlying?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, that's correct.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Oaky, thanks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: Hi, guys. So a couple things. In your release, you have a statement in here about assessing various debts to optimize assets and cost structure alongside AB and ABC. What are you thinking about there, either generally or specifically?
Greg Wasson: Yes, John, Greg. I think we did mention that and I think as Wade said in his remarks the first couple of things we looked at for this quarter were some distribution centers but what we want to do is make sure that we are looking to the future with our new partners in AmerisourceBergen and Alliance Boots and if that obviously comes together like we think it will, there is opportunities for us to position ourselves going forward and whether it is looking at the distribution centers and making sure we have got the right footprint we are looking at all types of cost within corporate and making sure that we have got the right initiatives, the right people devoted to those. Certainly we are looking at all of our assets across the enterprise to make sure that we are set up for the future. So real nothing truly defined but just an effort to make sure that we are indeed positioning ourselves for the future. As Wade said, I have designated Tim Theriault, who is our CIO and head of Innovation and continuous improvement as our  to lean, and the lean Six Sigma and drive that throughout the organization. I think the one thing that we have seen from our Alliance Boots partnership with the wholesale expertise and cost focus that a wholesaler has bringing to Boots over the years is opportunities to bring cost down in the system. So its really all that, in a nutshell, they kind of make sure that we are positioned for the future.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: As you think alongside that, historically I think you looked at an SG&A run rate of maybe in the 3% to 4% range. Obviously you are well below that here. Is there a new long term run rate well below that prior one?
Wade Miquelon: Again 3.5% to 4.5% is kind of what we have historically said on an organic basis. You know I don't think we are prepared to give a new number today. I would just say that we think there is opportunities to be increasingly efficient. It is not just SG&A. It's, by the way, its across the board and its really an end-to-end processes but again I think the big idea here is who we are becoming in partnership with both Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen is a enhanced and different company than who we have been and we are really readying ourselves to make sure that we can capitalize on that to the maximum extent possible.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: All right. And then, one last thing. When you look about the $1 billion of synergy, do you think some of that will end up getting reinvested back in the business? Maybe not so much at the frontend but pharmacy labor, things inside the store to deal with higher volumes or no, very little of that will get reinvested?
Greg Wasson: Well, certainly as we go forward, some of it could, John. But I think right now we are focused on a lot of the initiatives we have over and above that to drive the business. So we think most of the majority of that will indeed come to the bottom-line. At the same time, we haven't really given out what we think we can accomplish with AmerisourceBergen. AmerisourceBergen, frankly, is indeed in those fiscal '16 goals, but were just beginning to get started on that. So we think there is opportunity over and above that.
Wade Miquelon: Back to the $1 billion, John, to the extent that some of it was reinvested then we will deliver more. I mean that's really a net that we targeting.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning. Can you help us think a little bit in more details on the margin trajectory for fiscal year '14. So given all the moving parts, when I think about the promotional activity in generics, for second half of the year, should we model gross margin at the year-over-year or only sequentially?
Greg Wasson: I reckon maybe I will start over and turn it over to Wade. I would say, based on what we are seeing, certainly that I wouldn't think Q2 directionally will be much different than what we have seen in Q1. I think we are already nearly through the first month and then the biggest month of the second quarter. We are continuing to see a cautious consumer and therefore our promotional activity will probably directionally remain the same. I think obviously, as you have seen in the one chart that we put up was as far as the sales impact of the generic wave, certainly Q2 has got a significant peak from last year that we are going against another trough, so directionally for Q2, I don't see, I wouldn't think much of a change. Certainly, we have got some help in the back half with generics and as we get more and more Balance Rewards data and insights we want to continue to make our promotional a little more effective, but I would say, I think, Q2 not much directionally and we will try to do what we can in the back half of the year. Wade?
Wade Miquelon: No. I agree, I think, certainly. We often joke about Rick's theory of the Heisenberg and certainly principal of generics, you know the more that you try to study and analyze the timing of these the more they seem to change a bit, but you have more information than we do. Certainly the back half looks to be stronger. Again, I think under Alexs leadership I think we are doing a lot of things to get us more balanced between both growth and profitability and as we sweeten the mix around health and beauty down the road as well its an opportunity for us.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Just to confirm, because I think you mentioned that the promotion activity you had a negligible impact on the front-end margin, so should we just assume that promotional activity spend is going to stay at constant level throughout the year.
Wade Miquelon: The largest impact was, as we said was the waiver, the trough rather of new generics significantly, but then the next largest could have been the front-end promotion with as we said to a lesser degree [50 bps] [ph] from controlled substances and gross profit dollar growth, but it was meaningful, but the largest was the trough in generics by far.
Greg Wasson : Ricky, with that promotional investment, as we said, we grew our track like a 200 basis points in the quarter before. We increased basket size and it has reached the top, which is good. We just had to throw a lot more at it than we anticipated and that's what we meant by meaningful investment and that's what I meant directionally, I don't see that competitive commercial environment changing much.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then, I know that you have talked sort positively about Theranos. Can you share with us kind of like your experiences? The technology has been in your pharmacies for a couple of months now. What are you seeing in the marketplace?
Wade Miquelon: We are very, very positive on Theranos. It's really a one of the disruptive plays. It's a better patient experience with a prick of blood. It's the highest standards of quality in lab with half of Medicare and the patient feedback we are getting is very good, but it's really a better, faster cheaper, more conveniently play. You know we are going to, as we here stand here, we will keep learning and perfecting the patient experience, which is really the key thing, but we are very, very positive things. I think it's a one more example of how the pharmacy can play a role in broader healthcare and that's the direction we are going, we got the assets, we have the healthcare professionals, we have the convenience and we have the right to win in the spaces and we are very excited about it.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Just to confirm, are you still in the market buying ABC shares?
Greg Wasson: We are, but we only gave that information as of the last quarter as you know, but we are doing that.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. I guess, Wade, first, as we look at the synergies you guys have reported today and kind of the buckets that you guys laid out at the analyst presentation in Europe, can you bucket for us where they are coming from and kind of give us a sense for where you are seeing the most traction early?
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I am sure that the biggest benefit we have been getting is generics we have said that hasn't changed. Other areas where we are getting meaningful early synergies are the things like own brand procurement, [indirect] [ph] spend, our relationship with some of the CPG players, so all of those are providing opportunities. The one that will ramp up over time, but becomes really a point of differentiation in ongoing getting is what we are doing to drive, but the owned brand of the Boots portfolio and again it just today a few select a store, but the broad Phoenix area, but the results are very, very good and we are very optimistic that as we expand this, this will become certainly that becomes a very strong part of our value creating portfolio for many years.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then maybe on the inventory, I guess maybe just because I don't see this, you guys ramped the ABC agreement. How should we think about inventory levels going forward? Are they measured - I don't know if you want to talk about it in an absolute dollar sense or inventory days on hand or change in mix. I guess kind of ability to extract cash from that line going forward, I guess, could you give us an update on how to think about that?
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I mean, there is a lot of moving parts as you can see in our cash numbers and working capital numbers associated with this transition and this is a non-normal quarter, if you will, because even while we are transitioning inventory, for example, on brands ABC, that reduces inventory for us but our payables go up commensurately but in a very short-term on the cutover date we also get fairly large levels of inventory on that store, for sample, so that we can make sure that we had a flawless transition and that will it work its way out. So I guess what I would say is two things. One is kind of this pig in the python who will work its way out from the transition over time from a cash flow basis but then beyond that, because we have daily deliveries, because of their expertise, we should be able to over time take out additional days of inventory, although we have put in those specific goal there. Also keep in mind that starting next month, we will begin the generic transition which will go several months, nine months, region by region, store by store. And that will also create a little bit of timing flux, up and down, with our cash flow working capital but, again, over time these things will work themselves our and lend themselves to a net net inventory opportunity in the future.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then maybe just one last one quickly. As we think about the income statement moving through this year, you have got the margin erosion that's a component of the tough generic comp, probably until we get to fiscal '15, you are going to see faster specialty growth and brand drug growth from a dollar basis driving the pharmacy topline. I guess, how much of the margin erosion should we think of as the tough comp on generic and how much is the erosion as the mix impact of accelerating branded specialty drug growth versus growth in generics?
Greg Wasson: That's a good question. From a margin percentage, you are right. Specialty are the lowest and brand will be higher than that and generics the next but from a gross profit dollar growth, it is a little bit different. Obviously we have, for example, when there is brand inflation, we get some benefit on that. So I guess what I would say, is our model, really think of it in terms of gross profit dollar growth versus the margin percent, per se. And this will certainly probably drive any quarter hits in generics next quarter as about the same as that. But again, that's what will really swing the gross profit dollar growth once we get into the back half and beyond.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Minchak - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning. It is actually Mike Minchak, in for Lisa. Just with respect to the combined Alliance Boots synergy, during the first quarter, the $107 million you reported, it appears to be stacking a little bit ahead of expectations based on the $350 million to $400 the million forecast for '14. Can you talk about what's driving the upside there and the cadence of those synergies going forward in '14?
Greg Wasson: Yes, it is driving ahead. Good observation. It does give us confidence. Actually even more so leading up to those fiscal '16 goals that Wade talked about. I think the team in Bern has done a tremendous job working with our pharmaceutical suppliers in new and creative ways. Now it will bring in the AmerisourceBergen volume and as I said, that's positive as well. It could be a little less in 2Q because there is some bumpiness but we feel for the fiscal year that we are ahead of that target that have we given and we feel confident in the $1 billion. We believe there is upside.
Mike Minchak - JPMorgan: Okay, great, and then just as a follow-up. With respect to the pharmacy reimbursement environment, can you talk about how things are trending there and whether you anticipate things getting any materially better or worse from here?
Greg Wasson: Well, as we say, and as I say all the time, anybody in healthcare, we always say there is ongoing reimbursement pressure and certainly that hasn't changed and frankly won't change. We have deal with that. I think that we will probably see similar to what we have seen but there is certainly more and more focus on it. I think what we are working to do is to work with people in preferred ways, to create more value and be able to bring more and more services in addition to just the pharmacy provision that we bring. But I think we have to accept ongoing reimbursement pressures due to a focus on our cost to fill. Also, we think we are positioned better than anyone as far as procurement and to make sure that we are both working all three of those metrics in unison.
Mike Minchak - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for the comment.
Greg Wasson: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sach. Your line is now open.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Thanks for the questions. Just to follow-up on the cadence of the Alliance Boots contribution. It looks like you are calling for about $0.07 next quarter, $0.07 to $0.08 next quarter, about same as what we saw organically this quarter. I was just wondering if you could maybe shed a little light on a why that contribution would be flat sequentially? And then anything you can give us around the balance of the year would be helpful.
Wade Miquelon: Well, there is couple things going on here. One is just, it's a bit iterative, right. You never know exactly what the accretion dilution is until our numbers are done, right. So as they grow their earnings and we grow synergies, it also is relative to whatever our base is. Again, you know there is also a flexibility what will those synergies which some of those are known no more normal some are known completely, but I think that we have close enough at the point, because of three months lag to know your general range, but again there are a couple of moving parts that in the end can move around. For example, this quarter we were thinking it would be $0.05 I think was our guidance $0.04 to $0.05. We ended up at $0.07. Again, because of these moving parts for some of these final synergies and how they come in as well as our relative performance and how you calculate that.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Okay. Got it. Then just on generic price inflation, obviously, has been a big topic. One of your competitors called this out as a headwind to them in the quarter. I guess, specifically anything worth calling out in the quarter as far as generic price inflation goes? Then more broadly, how should we think about an environment where it does appear that generic price inflation will continue. As you guys look at the over the balance of the year, is that a headwind, tailwind, neutral? Any thought there would be helpful.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. There is some inflation in the industry. In the past, we did see some unusual inflation on select molecules in this past quarter, which did give us a little bit of impact. It's hard to say whether that will be ongoing or not. Certainly, we think we are very well positioned with Jeff and John Donovan team in Switzerland to make sure that we are working with both, generic and branded pharmaceutical companies to provide value and offset anything that may occur and we saw a little bit of unusual activity, but again our folks in Burn are on top of it and we want to work with these folks in a way that helps them create value as well as the synergies opportunities we see.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Great. Then I guess just the last and if you guys wouldn't mind. Any update around changing view around ACA contribution as we have seen a little bit more progress I guess on uptake of enrollment and also around Medicaid expansion. Any thoughts you guys have there relative to the rest of the year would be great. Thanks.
Wade Miquelon: I would just say that it's probably too early for us to know all the implications and timings as we go forward here. I think you know there's lot of opinions out there and one is probably as good as the next, but right now we are not modeling a lot from the early days, but over time obviously it's going to change the structure of the industry and how we participate with players. Maybe, Kermit, you want to
Kermit Crawford: Yes. Robert, I would I add - we have seen enrollment has been slow, but we continue to work with our healthcare partners and go help to educate these patient. We have always said that we expect the Affordable Care Act to bring more people into the healthcare system as a result of coverage, which we certainly would think will benefit from this increase in enrollment. We have built our strategy around an access to quality care over the past decades and we think we are well positioned to serve these patients not only from a prescription perspective, but for additional healthcare services like vaccines and immunizations and also some of the preventive services you now see in our healthcare premise.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Good morning, guys, a few questions for you. Wade, I guess first of all related to the 2016 commentary. When do you expect to give us some update as to how these numbers are playing out? When you talk about adjusted operating income tracking a little bit lighter, does that also include now the benefit of ABC?
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I mean, I think, we obviously put these goals before ABC and then when we announced ABC, we said that there is additional opportunity, but we wouldn't be changing our goals. That's in part because $9 billion we already believe is a very meaningful, large goal to hit and an appropriate goal, but the other thing is we also had other projects built in. If we had not gone with ABC, like project GAAP and others, where we would then changed our distribution supply system internally and had meaningful benefits built in for that, so this is really swapping out this for that, albeit a little bit better, but I think the key thing is we really start to reap the benefits of ABC in a meaningful way in 2015, both, on the generic distribution side as well on the procurement side and even other opportunities that we are now starting to work among the two and the three parties, so there is a bit of a hockey stick here versus a CAGR, but that was always to some extent the case, and I think that this is really now just part of our base operating model.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Any sense just on timing of when we will be getting an update you think?
Wade Miquelon: Quarter-to-quarter we look at it and say are these realistic based upon all the risks and opportunities we have internally. I mean, if we ever feel that's not the case, we will certainly tell you. You can put together a path like we can and take our numbers and put it along that path, but we continue with the assessments and say that we think it is still possible to hit these and do we have the right bullets in the chamber, if you will, and at this point we do.
Greg Wasson: Ed, this is Greg, I would say that we are doing this quarter-by-quarter. Obviously we are kicking the tires as we go to make sure that we can achieve those goals and we do. So I would somewhat consider this as an update, but at the same time you can sure rest assured that we will continue to look at those numbers and make sure that we are confident. And I think, to Wade's point, we think that we have got ways to achieve those goals. The CAGR on the operating adjusted income is a little bit soft but we think the change in the mix of the business will allow us to get it.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: I think when you talked about that, Wade, I thought I heard you say something about international as well as the U.S. business. Is that right? And could you give us a little bit more color on that front?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I mean, that's right. There are business initiatives as well as, I think, global growth opportunities or whatever but these are the series of initiatives that we are working with our partners, Alliance Boots, to strengthen various markets, introduce new services in some case, work with new partners like Global Pharma and create value in unique ways.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Yes, I actually meant the CAGR. When you were talking about the CAGR being a little softer, I thought you had mentioned international too?
Wade Miquelon: Yes. Just, I guess, putting it simplistically there's some markets that had been a bit challenging for AB on an EBIT basis but on the other hand, because of their accelerated cash flow, their accelerated de-levering, excellent work on refinancing on after-tax and also some tax benefits on after-tax basis they are generating great value creation. So it's a little bit of that EBIT pressure but actually from a bottom line impact we are getting it back.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: All right. Just one other question for you on the front-end. Can we just dig in a little bit more into the promotional strategy here because you are successfully driving better comp growth, better traffic growth. It's not up a ton, right, the traffic year-over-year and on a two year basis. It's better but not a huge improvement, right, and the gross margin seems to be taking a little bit of a beating. So I am not so sure that your comparable gross profit dollar growth is up. Could you comment on that? Then just generally, if that's all the case, is it working? All right. Or do you need to make further adjustments? And is that what you are talking about when you talk about balancing front end sales and margins?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ed, Greg. I agree with you. I think that good news is, we have made investment. We have got the top line moving. When I said I am generally satisfied with that, that's what I mean. I am never truly fully satisfied. With that we did have to make more meaningful investment than we anticipated. We want to make sure that we are getting a bang for a buck for that investment. We probably had to overinvest based on what we anticipated. I think the opportunity we have, now that we have 12 months of data coming from our Balance Rewards program, there's tremendous insights to help us get much more effective input with that investment that we are having to make, but we obviously want to make sure that the investment we are making gives us a much greater of a return than what it did this quarter. Now you can't change that overnight. So a lot of the plans and activity, as I said, are in place for the next quarter. So that's the reason I say, I don't think directionally we are going to see much of a difference but I do think as Alex and team get more and more insights, we are absolutely going to be using that to get a better return for the investment in the promotional activity we are making.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing we have two more questions in the queue. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen and Company: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Greg, I think you or Wade, you made a comment about impact from controlled substances reduction in the volumes there. I am not sure, I might have missed it earlier, but Greg did you say that the impact to gross margin in the quarter was 50 basis points? And is that something that is sort of like just a step down overall because the dispensing of those drugs will just be reduced overall or how should we think about that? Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I did mention that and I think we obviously, as a leader in industry, believe it is frankly up to us now, this is on us to make sure that we are indeed leading with best practices. We have Kermit and team. I will let him talk about in a little bit. He has implemented good base of dispensing efforts. I think as a result, we are indeed seeing a reduction in some of those higher margin pain control substances. We want to make sure that we are getting them to patients appropriately and the patients that frankly need those medications are able to receive them and frankly those that don't, don't. And now, it will be ongoing as far as that hit that we have talked about that's an ongoing hit.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, Charles. Just to clarify, it was actually a reduction of 50 basis points in gross profit dollar growth not in margin.
Charles Rhyee - Cowen and Company: I see. Okay, that's helpful.
Greg Wasson: I would just add that, we implemented our Good Faith Dispensing Policy back in late April of last year and this probably is really designed to ensure that the patients get the right medication that they need, but while at the same time helping us to a control abuse of these controlled substances.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meredith Adler of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Meredith Adler - Barclays: Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been asked. I would like to go back and talk a little bit about expense control, you did a great job this quarter. There was some press rumors about actually shrinking the number of people in your corporate office. I know it's an awkward topic as people listen to your calls, however, it was in the press and I was just wondering whether some of the improvement you are seeing is because you have become more efficient in reduced headcount and are there more plans to reduce headcount in corporate?
Greg Wasson: Meredith, I think I remember the article you are talking about. I think obviously it got overstated and sensationalized maybe a little bit, so as we go forward part of our lean six sigma is just make sure we have got the right projects, processes in place, we got the appropriate people signed to those and frankly continue to look at optimizing not only our headcount but our assets along the way, but the article you are talking about was extremely over sensationalized.
Meredith Adler - Barclays: Does Alliance Boots have any impact on the way you look at becoming more efficient and productive in corporate?
Greg Wasson: Yes. I think there are some best practices not only in corporate, but even out in the field and Alex Gourlay is not on the call. Maybe the next one, I will have him on, but one of the things I think we are doing with Mark Wagner and team is focusing on trying to get more and more work out of these stores, the AmerisourceBergen distribution agreement with daily deliveries and so forth, we hope to not have to carry as much inventory and be able to diminish the workload in our stores, but we have a real focus on moving from more and more tasks to more focus on the customer and I think that in itself we are able to bring some of the best practices that Alex is bringing from Boots and what they have done over the years as well.
Meredith Adler - Barclays: Then I do actually have a question about something that Wade was saying about synergies and I think there was a mention that you were working on making your distribution network and structure processes more efficient, even if you hadn't done the ABC deal, and that was included in the synergies and that did kind of surprised me, because I thought synergies would be related strictly to whatever happens with Alliance Boots. Are you saying that you are learning? Is it part of the best practices you learned from them or was that a kind of a separate initiative that you are working on anyway?
Wade Miquelon: No. Actually, I apologize if I confused you. What I had said was is that the benefit that we anticipate we will get from ABC in distribution and buying is part of our plan to get to our $9 billion goal. This is not included in the $1 billion AB synergies. That's just with AB. This is separate from that, but, I guess, prior to ABC, we were looking at a variety of different models that would have made us more efficient, which had some savings built into our plans. These are certainly bigger, but to the extent that this is our partner and our chosen way to go to market with both, generics and with our supply chain those are basically built into our base model and into our goals.
Meredith Adler - Barclays: Thank you. That clarification is very helpful. My final thing is a plea. We would love it, if you guys would give us more data about the healthcare side of the business. It may not be material, but the forecasting that we do now is kind of weird come up with what incremental revenues you are getting that are outside of the stores. (Inaudible) if you give revenues and profits? Thanks.
Wade Miquelon: Point taken, Meredith. We will study it and consider it.
Meredith Adler - Barclays: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and I am showing now further questions at this time. I would like to hand the call back over to Rick for any closing remarks. Thank you.
Rick Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report December sales on January 6th. We will also be hosting our Annual Shareholders Meeting on January 8th at Navy Pier in Chicago. We hope to see you there. Until then, thanks for listening and happy holidays.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans  Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance Gregory D. Wasson  President and Chief Executive Officer Wade D. Miquelon  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, International Kermit R. Crawford  President - Pharmacy, Health and Wellness
Analysts: Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc. Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley Steven Valiquette  UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreen Companys Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host Rick Hans. Sir, you may begin.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO, and President International will discuss the quarter. Also, joining us on the call is Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy. As a reminder, todays presentation include certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You will find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, Ill turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, Ill begin with highlights of our fourth quarter and fiscal year, next Ill discuss the substantial progress we made in advancing our three key strategic growth drivers, and finally, Ill take a look ahead to fiscal 2014. Now, Ill turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed financial review of the quarter, our full-year performance and the coming year.
Wade D. Miquelon: Were pleased with our solid performance as we posted record adjusted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.73 generated $1.1 billion in operating cash flow and a record $785 million in free cash flow. We paid off $1.3 billion of senior notes upon maturity consistent with our debt reduction plan. In addition to our strong financial performance, we also made significant strategic gains in the quarter. We introduced Smart90 Walgreens, our 90-day prescription drug program with Express Scripts. The program gets customers the option to receive their maintenance medications through Walgreens retail pharmacy or Express Scripts home delivery. We also announced our agreement to acquire certain assets of Kerr Drug in early September including their 76 retail drug stores in specialty pharmacy business. Kerr and its associates will be a great addition to our family of companies. Also in September, we launched another innovation in pharmacies healthcare as we announced our long-term partnership with Theranos to provide new less invasive lab testing services to customers of Walgreens. The service is currently available at our Palo Alto, California store and we have plans to expand later this year. And finally, we successfully transitioned on September 1, the distribution of our branded pharmaceuticals to AmerisourceBergen executing seamlessly to begin our 10-year strategic relationship. Fiscal 2013 was a year of major strategic progress as we advanced the transformation of our company for long-term sustainable growth and value creation. As you know, we worked hard throughout the year to improve our performance in our daily living business and we continue to see growth and strong results in pharmacy and health and wellness. That performance across our business resulted in a record annual sales of $72.2 billion and record annual adjusted earnings per share of $3.12. We continue to make progress in our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots achieving $154 million in combined net synergies exceeding our previous estimates of the year of $125 million to $150 million. We generated $4.3 billion in operating cash flow and a record $3.1 billion in free cash flow. We distributed more than $1 billion in dividends this year to our shareholders increasing the dividends for the 38th consecutive year. We filled a record 821 million prescriptions for fiscal 2013, representing a retail prescription market share of 19.1% for the year. In addition, we made substantial progress on a number of our key initiatives. We launched our Balance Rewards program last September. The program has now become the fastest growing loyalty program in the world with more than 85 million people enrolled to date. Alliance Boots has nearly 20 years experience running the leading UK loyalty program and our partnership with them gives us the benefit of their experience, which we will leverage as we continue to enhance our program. And finally, with our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots and our long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen, our three companies are best positioned to create a pharmaceutical supply chain unmatched in the world. Now Ill take you through the high level results for the quarter. As always we will be presenting numbers on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis. As you saw on our release this morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $17.9 billion, up 5.1% from $17.1 billion a year ago. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $1 billion, up 75.3% from $586 million last year. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.1 billion, up 31.6% from $838 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.69 in the fourth quarter, compared to $0.39 last year, up 75.9%. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.73, up 15.9% from $0.63 in the same quarter last year. GAAP and adjusted earnings per diluted share both include a positive $0.03 per share net impact from certain litigation matters. Turning to our performance for the fiscal year, sales were $72.2 billion compared to $71.6 billion last year, up 0.8%. GAAP operating income was $3.9 billion, up 13.7% from $3.5 billion in fiscal 2012. Adjusted operating income for the year was $4.7 billion compared to $4.1 billion in 2012, up 14.1%. Our full-year GAAP earnings per diluted share were $2.56, up 5.7% from $2.42 last year. And on an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share were $3.12, up 6.5% compared to $2.93 last year. Looking at our gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth on a GAAP basis, this quarter the spread was $319 million. On an adjusted basis, the spread was $156 million. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased in the quarter by $216 million or 4.3%, we also continued our strong focus on cost control as adjusted SG&A dollar growth rose $60 million or 1.5% in the quarter, which included a 1.1 percentage point net benefit from certain litigation matters. Our continued focus on our strategic growth drivers through the quarter in the fiscal year generated results across our business. We continue to create a Well Experience, introducing new products and formats and making other investments in our daily living business. The ongoing innovation in pharmacy and health and wellness continue to change the relationship we have with customers, patients and payers and uplift our market share. And we strengthened ties with our partners Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen, bringing us closer to becoming the first global pharmacy led health and well-being enterprise. As we create a Well Experience, we are transforming the customer experience across all of our touch points, channels and formats. So we discussed with you at our Analyst Day. We continue to focus in four areas, improving customer value, providing innovative products and services, developing a systematic globalized offering, and designing the most relevant network and formats. Today, Ill discuss some of the progress weve made this year. We finished the fiscal year with more than 500 Well Experience stores across the nation, breaking out the traditional drugstore format with cutting-edge design, new assortments and an integrated healthcare offering. We also now have 12 flagships, the ultimate Well Experience store. We opened six new flags in fiscal 2017, including in Washington D.C., Boston and San Francisco. In duty, we launched the Boots No7 Womens Skincare line at the grand opening over 8,000 stores at our Los Angeles flagship. No7 products and Boots Botanic skincare line are now available online and in select flagship locations. In addition, we are rolling out both lines to the Phoenix market by the end of the year. We also introduced the Boots No7 mens product line in stores across the country this summer, as well as two other high profile UK beauty lines, Indeed Laboratories skincare and Mark Hill Hair Care. Our private brands are also giving customers a reason to come to Walgreens. We invested significantly this year in our product lines like Walgreens, Delish, Nice! and Well Beginnings, introducing 400 new items in the fourth quarter and increasing our private brand penetration in our front-end sales by 90 basis points year-over-year to 22.3% this quarter. In addition to these strategic initiatives last quarter, we implemented a three point plan to balance our investment in sales and margins in our daily living business to drive profitable growth. First, we made adjustments through our promotional investments with particular focus on our weekly ad. Second, we worked to maximize the value of our Balance Rewards program highlighting redemption, rewards and dollar value of points earned in both our stores and our circular. And third, we began enhancing our store segmentation to ensure we meet the local needs and preferences of our communities. The result of that plan was our front-end comp increased 1.6% in the fourth quarter compared to the same period last year, showing growth in every month beginning in May. Traffic also improved through the past two quarters compared to last year. And in addition, while final numbers for the month are not available, we have seen further improvement in our comp sales and traffic data in September. Final numbers for the month will be available in our normal monthly sales release on Thursday. Turning to our strategy to transform the role of Community Pharmacy, we are making good progress across their business in core pharmacy, the enterprise, specialty pharmacy and health and wellness. Were advancing our work across these three businesses by providing even more comprehensive care to our customers and patients, developing a differentiated experience that our competitors can easily match and were becoming a strategic partner of choice. Weve made significant progress in our pharmacy and health and wellness businesses here and Ill take you through a few of the highlights. With the win back of Express Scripts patients beginning last September in the successful extension of other major pharmacy relationships, we now have greater predictability on rates in our commercial book of business meeting our principle for fair value for the services we provide. Through our preferred relationship with top Medicare Part D plans, we improved our market share with an important customer segment Older Americans, our Medicare Part D share grew by 120 basis points this fiscal year outpacing the industry. As a result weve also increased overall retail pharmacy market share to 19.1% for the year, we rebranded our nearly 400 Take Care clinics as healthcare clinics at Walgreens and expanded the services we offer. We added chronic care assessment treatment management to our preventative and acute offering. We also continue to build on our successful immunization program a foundation of our effort to transform community pharmacy. We administered more than 8.5 million total vaccines in fiscal 2013 compared to $6.7 million in the prior year. We remain the only chain pharmacy providing all 17 CDC recommended vaccines in every state where we can provide them and the largest retail provider of flu vaccines in the country. And to improve the experience we offer specialty customers, we launched an alliance this year with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation to offer industry leading pharmacy services to patients through CF Services especially pharmacy that provides medication and treatment support to the cystic fibrosis community. Were also improving support to specialty patients by providing more access to limited distribution drugs for cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, and other conditions treated by specialty drugs. The specialty pipeline is robust and this year we gained access to 21 new limited distribution drugs, were making them available across our unique collection of enterprise specialty assets, which includes central, retail, health system and community pharmacies. And finally our well transitioned program which provides Medication Therapy Management support to patients in the hospital and through their discharge was recently endorsed by the American Hospital Associations for improving medication inherence and reducing hospital readmissions. Script comp for pharmacy shows the momentum in our performance throughout the year. In the fourth quarter prescriptions filled in comparable stores grew by 7.1% over the same period last year. Looking at the results over two years, which Wade will show you in his section, our script comp improved from the third to the fourth quarter. We also saw solid progress this year on the work to establish a global platform. With this growth driver, we are focused on designing a winning global organization, optimize in the global supply chain, expanding our own brand portfolio, leveraging the best practices, capabilities, and the innovation in pursuing new market opportunities. We launched our joint venture in Bern, Switzerland this year and thanks for the work of our joint teams achieved $154 million in combined net synergies for the fiscal year. Our strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen is also making an impact. They began the daily deliveries of our branded drugs to our stores chain wide as of September 1. In addition, we purchased $224 million of AmerisourceBergen stock as of August 31. Finally, we announced that Alex Gourlay, the Chief Executive of the Health & Beauty Division for Alliance Boots is joining our company. He will serve as Executive Vice President, the President of Customer Experience and Daily Living beginning today. Its great to have Alex come to Walgreens, he brings tremendous depth and experience from Boots in the health and beauty business, and we are looking forward to his leadership of our Daily Living division.
 : In pharmacy, health and wellness, we continue to be a preferred provider for Medicare Part D and were working closely with our key partners to ensure our customers can take advantage of lower co-pays and more access to services this season. With both our Smart90 Wallgreens offering and our Theranos launch of lab testing, we have new products in the marketplace that will help lower cost for our customers and improve their health outcomes supporting our purpose to help people get, stay and live well. On our global platform, we expect to accelerate the contributions from our strategic partnerships with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen through fiscal 2014. Wade will update you on the financial contributions we expect in both relationships. In closing, we are confident we have the right strategic growth drivers in place to continue to transform todays challenges and opportunities to deliver exceptional value and build toward our future as a global pharmacy led health and well-being enterprise. In addition, to executing on our three key strategic growth drivers, we also remain steadfast in managing ongoing reimbursement pressure and are constantly looking for ways to streamline our cost structure to prepare our company for our global future. Were setting our priorities against our strategies to ensure we can continue to grow in an increasingly competitive marketplace. And finally, today I want to thank our 248,000 employees for their commitment and dedication. They are the driving force behind so much of what we talked about on these calls, the experience we offer our customers and the services we deliver, and they deserve much of the credit for our results. Thank you. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thank you joining us on the call. This morning Ill take you through our quarterly results as well as update you on our investments and partnerships with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.69 per diluted share, based on 957 million shares. GAAP EPS translates to an adjusted EPS of $0.73 for the quarter as illustrated by this chart. In most quarters, we add back the LIFO charge, but in this quarter, the LIFO benefit of $0.01 per share is negative in the GAAP adjusted walk, which Ill explain shortly. Acquisition related items were $0.10 per share, consisting of $0.04 of acquisition related amortization costs, $0.01 of acquisition related costs, $0.04 from Alliance Boots related tax and $0.01 of Alliance Boots related amortization. Finally, special items were a net reduction of $0.05 per share. As noted there was a $0.01 per share in costs associated with the Companys charge in prescription drug wholesalers, which was more than offset by the positive impact of $0.06 related to warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen. In the quarter, GAAP and adjusted EPS both included a positive $0.03 per share, net impact from certain litigation matters. Let me now provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. Comp prescription sales increased 6.4%. Comp front-end sales increased 1.6% and total comparable store sales increased 4.6%. Comp prescription still increased 7.1% versus script comp of a negative 8% in the year ago period. Recall, the year ago quarter was negatively impacted by our exit from the Express Scripts network. In the fourth quarter, the front-end comp increased 1.6% and traffic decreased by 1.9%, while the basket size increased by a 3.6%. As Greg discussed, our front-end is now turned positive on both the one and two-year stack basis, primarily due to the momentum of our strategies and our new promotional decisions designed to balance traffic, basket and profitability. Looking at comparable stores script numbers, our retail scripts were up 7.1%. This continues to reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business, return of Express Scripts customers have continued progress in winning new Medicare Part D customers. With respect to margin, our FIFO gross margin was 28.9% in the current quarter, compared to 29.1% last year, a 20 basis point decline. Pharmacy margins increased as a result of the ongoing margin benefit from generics that was partially offset by market reimbursement pressure and continued growth of our 90-day, a retail program. The front-end margin was negatively impacted by increased promotional investment, but we are pleased with the results we are seeing in improved traffic and front-end comp in a challenging consumer environment. Taking a look at our longer-term FIFO gross margin trends, this quarters 20 basis point decline was up against a 60 basis point increase a year ago. The pharmacy margin was positive in the quarter, but was more than offset by the negative change in the front-end margin. Moving forward, front-end margin will continue to be impacted by our new promotional adjustments until we cycle these changes in the latter half of fiscal 2014. This next chart illustrates the impact that new generic drug introductions have on our monthly prescription sales comps. You can see that the generic impact on comp prescription sales was greatest in the first quarter of the fiscal year reaching a negative 9% versus the generic impact in the most recent quarter of approximately negative 2%. The highlighted quarter showed that the number of new generic drug introductions have slowed versus a year ago. In our experience, the margin change resulting from generics is inversely correlated and slightly lagged to the impact of generic sales changes. That is the strongest positive effect on margin typically occurs shortly after generic impact on prescription sales and its most inflationary and conversely the weakest positive effect on margin typically occurs shortly after the generic impact on prescription sales is the least deflationary. Transitioning now to gross profit, this slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past eight quarters on a GAAP basis. And next slide shows the trends on adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth slowed slightly from a positive 5.3% in the third quarter of 2013 to positive a 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Likewise on a two-year stacked basis, gross profit dollar growth stepped down sequentially, as we allowed the 3.2% decrease from the prior years fourth quarter, when were out of Express Scripts network. Some of the slowing in the one and two-year gross profit dollar growth stacks can also be attributed to the slowing generic impact I just described as well as the continued strong adoption of our various 90 day retail programs. As Greg said, we made solid SG&A progress in the quarter. To get to adjusted SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our GAAP SG&A dollar growth was 0.9% which included 0.1% for Walgreens acquisition related amortization and a 0.3 percentage point related to the companys change in prescription drug wholesalers, as well as a benefit of 1 percentage point from below our SG&A expense for the acquisition related costs. Netting these items resulted in an adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 1.5% in the quarter. GAAP and adjusted SG&A dollar growth both include a benefit of 1.1 percentage points from the net impact of certain litigation matters. Showing here the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past eight quarters on a GAAP basis and the follow on slide shows a similar trend on adjusted basis. As I mentioned earlier, the adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 1.5% year-over-year increase versus the 1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012.
 : Now lets review the two-year stack trends on adjusted basis. Two-year stack adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago with 0.5% growth in the fourth quarter of 2013, down from 3.4% last year. During the quarter, the rate of growth and adjusted FIFO gross profit dollars exceeded adjusted SG&A dollar growth by 280 basis points. As you can see this is second consecutive quarter with a positive spread and we are very pleased this is moving in the right direction. Excluding the impact of net litigations, our spread was 170 basis points, meaningfully above our ongoing fiscal year objective of 100 basis points. Turning to other aspects of our income statement, this quarter included a LIFO benefit of $8 billion versus the provision charge of a $132 million a year ago. Significant change in LIFO was primarily driven by unusually high branded drug inflation in the year ago quarter and lower than anticipated prescription branded drug level inventory as we initiated our transition to AmerisourceBergen. Our LIFO rate for the year was 2.67% down from 3.3% a year ago. Net interest expense for the quarter was $55 million, up $18 million from a year ago. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to the $4 billion note issuance associated with the Alliance Boots transaction and also includes a $16 million negative impact from a non-cash fair market value adjustment to our interest rates swaps associated with a $1.3 billion notes that were repaid in August.
 : On a go forward basis, Walgreens tax rate is expected to be about 37.5%, excluding the various impacts associated with Alliance Boots partnership. Cash and cash equivalents were $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter versus $1.3 billion a year ago. Accounts receivable increased by 21.5%, primarily due to the return of Express Scripts prescriptions, while accounts payable increased 5.7%. LIFO inventories were down 2.6%, and FIFO inventories were up 0.6% year-over-year versus the sales growth of 0.8%. Overall, net working capital decreased by 0.6% versus a year ago and we are pleased given our strong focus in this area. During the fourth quarter, we generated $1.1 billion in cash from operations versus $768 million a year ago. And free cash flow in the quarter was a record $785 million versus $320 million a year ago. As a Company, we remain very focused on cash flow. Returning cash to shareholders remains a key initiative for Walgreens as evidenced by the 20.2% year-over-year increase in dividend per share distribution to shareholders in fiscal year 2013. As previously announced, in fiscal 2014, shareholders will receive a 14.5% increase in their dividends per share. And our goal remains the dividend payout ratio in the range of 30% to 35%. Our capital allocation policy has four primary components, beginning with continued investment in our key strategies. In addition to returning cash to shareholders via dividends, we are also focused on delivering our 2016 goals, which includes a combined net debt level of $11 billion grounded on the basis of a very solid cash flow generation. During the past year, Walgreens repaid $1.3 billion of debt while Alliance Boots reduce their net borrowings by $1.8 billion. We also invested $224 million to purchase AmerisourceBergen stock in the quarter at an average of $56.55 per share. As a reminder, we are not currently repurchasing Walgreen shares. As we have stated on previous occasions, we deal with the fair amount of quarterly variability in our business including seasonality, reimbursement rate changes, generic wave trends, food trends, and changes in macroeconomic conditions among others. Looking forward let me give you some general thought on fiscal 2014 by quarter. We expect Q1 2014 will face the headwind of a relatively slowdown in the introduction new generic drugs, but will be helped by an easier compare to a year ago because Q1 2013 adjusted EPS was negatively impacted by the dilutive impact of issued shares and interest associated with the Alliance Boots transaction without any meaningful synergy or equity income benefits due to three months reporting lag. Q2 2014 faces the challenging comparison as Q2 2013 benefited from one of the strongest flu seasons in the last 12 years and also benefited from our peak in the pharmacy margins during that recent generic wave. In addition, keep in mind that plan changes with rate adjustments typically occur in January and last year, the high rate of reduction of new generics moderated the impact of those adjustments. This year however, we anticipate a very low rate of introduction of new generics in the second quarter. Generic rates together [ph] helped us in the later half of fiscal 2014 and our synergies should ramp throughout the year. Lastly, our strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen is expected to be modestly accretive from a distribution perspective in fiscal 2014 as a four generic distribution cut over benefits are expected to be realized in the more meaningful way in fiscal year 2015. Shifting to our quarterly Alliance Boots accretion walk as shown, we realized $56 million before tax and synergies during the fourth quarter and $33 million after-tax. Amortization adjustments amounted to $8 million for deal amortization and $11 million for brand amortization. After-tax Alliance Boots equity earnings were $90 million for the fourth quarter on adjusted basis. The non-adjusted basis, the income from our Alliance Boots investment was $109 million. And the incremental after-tax interest expense to Walgreens was $14 million. After the impact of share dilution, the accretion equaled $0.08 in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, we estimated the adjusted EPS accretion from Alliance Boots for the first quarter of the fiscal year 2014 to be approximately $0.05 based on our current estimates of IFRS to GAAP conversions and foreign exchange rates, and moving forward, we will provide our attrition estimates on the call for each quarter in advance. We estimate the combined synergies for fiscal year 2014 to be in the $350 million to $400 million range. We are very pleased with both the operational performance of Alliance Boots and the combined synergies we are achieving and we feel were just scratching the surface of things that we can do together in the coming years. Id like to close now by reminding you of our fiscal 2016 goals. A $130 billion of combined revenue, $8.5 billion to $9 billion of combined operating income, $9 billion to $9.5 billion of combined adjusted LIFO operating income, $8 billion of combined operating cash flow, total synergy goal of $1 billion. As I mentioned earlier, $11 billion of combined net debt again by the end of fiscal of 2016. Later this fiscal, we will review the components of the relevant measures with respect to our progress mix and opportunities across each of these measures. And now in closing, let me just share a few final thoughts. This quarter reflects progress against many of our key focus metrics, such as accelerated top line growth, solid cost management and record free cash flow. We also had many other meaningful proof points with respect to our long-term strategies such as strong Alliance Boots results and above goal synergy delivery, a successful start to our AmerisourceBergen partnership and a continued evolution of our healthcare strategy, which had its core leverages, our best-in-class nationwide retail footprint in more than 70,000 healthcare professionals. I feel strongly that we are only at the very beginning at the next leg of our Companys journey, a journey that started over 110 years ago, a journey that can put us at the epicenter of delivering better healthcare outcomes in the U.S. and abroad with everyday living a little bit better and change the paradigm of how we work with large global suppliers in ever and increasingly changing world to create value for them, for Walgreens and most importantly for the customers that we serve. Im sure that there will always be challenges along the way and were very appreciative of the stakeholders who have taken a long view. In that vein, I believe the mega trends we face, lend themselves to our unique assets and capabilities, related our strategies are differentiated and sound, and executed well to create significant value for shareholders; In short, its hours to win. Thank you again for your kind attention and support and now Ill turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Yeah. Good morning guys.
Gregory D. Wasson: Hi, Ed.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Could we start with the gross margin? Im little bit confused on the FIFO gross margin down 20 basis points, pharmacy up, front-end down slightly. But I guess I dont really understand how the front-end margin maybe as not down more or pharmacy not down given the total company down 20 basis points, because front-end just not its only 35% of sales or so, right? And its only down slightly. Now if you could maybe just help us reconcile exactly whats going on there?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah, Ill start and Wade can give some actual dollars. But as far as, as we said directionally pharmacy was up obviously with the help of the generics that we had for this past quarter offset obviously by ongoing reimbursement ratio, but also with our 90 day drive that we have. One of the focuses as we have is to continue to give customers what theyre looking for and as our chronic medications in 90 day economies are retail. So thats an impact is working the other direction certainly in pharmacy, but we think its a right thing to do long-term. As far as a front-end, as weve said we think we are making good intelligent investments in price and promotion. I feel like we are getting steady momentum back into the front-end of the business and well continue to make sure that we do that going forward. But as we said, we always plan to make some investments to the front-end, thats exactly what we are doing.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Are you happy with the comparable gross profit dollar growth in the front-end, how does that look and how has that changed. Did you start investing in the promotions?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah, I think we had solid gross profit dollar increase and then when you compared to the SG&A dollar growth and weve said all along there goals to have a 100 basis points spread between the two over the long haul and I think with the performance that weve turned in this quarter, were pleased with the way both of those worked in Unison.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, I just to kind of restart, I really think that we really look at it from a gross profit dollar basis as you know, and I think we are really finding a good balance with some good momentum we have in growth right now with also managing the margin wisely, so.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. Wade, you gave some color on 2014, which is definitely helpful. I just had a couple of follow-ups on that. Given the fact that you have some tougher comparisons next year with the flu early on, less of a generic benefit, does gross profit dollar growth slow from here over the next few quarters?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we dont give obviously, specifics on that kind of detail. But I think that fundamentally we feel very good about our business going forward. I think we just want to provide some color that quarter-to-quarter, there can be some lumps, some up, some down. But in aggregate, we feel good about our growth of our gross profit dollars and the managed SG&A as well.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. And on the SG&A side, youve done a lot of good stuff from a cost control perspective. How much of that do you think, you can carry forward into 2014, is there still opportunity there?
Wade D. Miquelon: And I think we can always be better everyday forever and thats one of the things were working hard at is to really put continuous improvement and continuous focus on driving efficiencies and effectiveness in every aspect of our business, so Id say, yes.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. And Alliance Boots equity income, first quarter you didnt have it, seasonally how did that business look in the first quarter?
Wade D. Miquelon: The first quarter is by far the toughest quarter of the year seasonally. So thats again we guided sort of roughly $0.05 accretion for the first quarter. Its summer period, not holiday period, so both in the wholesale and the retail business, its a low seasonal point.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just one last question for you all, sort of modeling, but there has been a lot of talk sort of like, I think amongst investors about what the real tax rate is that we should be using on the synergies, any color there?
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess what Id say is well do some work to try to figure how we can provide more clarity and guidance as we go forward. I think obviously, the rate that I gave today looking forward was kind of the Walgreen standalone rate, Alliance Boots has different rates. So we have to use a blend for that and then of course, the work were doing together in synergy, and other things a bit more complex. But well do some work to see how we can provide better understanding as we move ahead.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Kermit R. Crawford: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meredith Adler of Barclays. You may begin.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering as long as we were talking a little bit about the investments youre making in the front-end comp, are you making the investments that you expected to make and are you getting more response that you expected to get. And can you talk a little bit about how you think that plays out in full-year 2014? You only started this I think in May, this increased promotion. So do you think that last till May of 2014 or do you think that its something youll be doing for longer until the frequent shopper program really the huge traction?
Gregory D. Wasson: Meredith, I feel good about the investments that we have made and are making. And as I said, thats a balance between the right amount of investment and to drive the right amount of performance. But I think that weve done a very good job in being surgical, using the data that were getting from our Balance Rewards program that help us understand how to strengthen the Sunday circular, as well as begin to use individual programs, Balance Rewards to drive traffic and basket. So I think I would say, yes that we are seeing the expectations that we had with the investment we made. Going forward, I think we will continue to try to drive the improved performance. And I think what we feel good about that were going to be able to have at our  to be able to use would be the increase in information we get balance reward and the data that we have from the program. Not only to make even better decisions on what we promote and what pricing, but also more and more individual marketing programs through the Balance Reward program itself. As I said, the other thing thats needed with ALEC, here now working with our team would be able to begin to bring some of the best practices from their program and to our Balance Rewards program. So I would, I think its going to be as Ive said before like a locomotive, this isnt a jet aircraft, were going to continue to just gain steam and try to continue to gain momentum and feel confident about it.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. And then I have a much more technical question maybe for Wade. And maybe youve answered this in the slides although you went through the slides quickly. You have other income and is that the warrants with a fair market value of the warrants and there is a number in one of your schedules at the end of the press release that has $62 million as opposed to whatever $43 million, $44 million for the other income, I dont understand what the difference is?
Gregory D. Wasson: That is the fair market value of the warrant.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc.: And why is that a different number than what you had in that schedule?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, thats an AB share as well, thats the difference. Recall the warrants are split. I mean effectively we Walgreens has 50% of those warrants and AB effectively has 50% of those warrants.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc.: And could you just explain how that shows up in the numbers here. Is that because it goes into your share of AB?
Kermit R. Crawford: Yeah, we can work it off-line, but thats effectively right. And so these have basically been for purpose of adjusted earnings, then weve acted out.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. And then, I guess I just have one more question about the gross margin. Could you talk again, I know you, Greg you talked about, so the expectation for generics next year, but are we saying that most of the benefit of generics for next year comes really towards the tail end of fiscal 2014?
Gregory D. Wasson: Thats right.
Kermit R. Crawford: Yeah, it is Meredith, I think, and in fact, if you think  if you, the graph that we showed, it showed the volume certainly last year shows what were up against. But then as far as first and second quarter, theyre like worsen in the second half, well see a lift again.
Wade D. Miquelon: But were also against an easier compared to back half, but were up against the tougher compared to first half.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess, one more question about SG&A. You have done a pretty good job of managing expenses. Could you just talk about whether there is any one initiative or a group of initiatives that youd point to that had been helpful in slowing the growth of SG&A?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think our folks in the field, Mark Wagner and Kermit and team has done a tremendous job in really making sure that they are ensuring that our SG&A and our labor in the stores, and our expense match the volume as we bring it back. I think our store people have done a tremendous job of becoming more efficient. Well really focus Meredith, on trying to take more and more tasks out of the stores; sort of we can free our folks that are in the stores up more to spend time with customers. So I would give probably 80%, 90% of the credit to our folks in the field. With that, for our folks in corporate, we have really this year, I think done a tremendous job in getting focus on the key projects and initiatives that will move the needle for us going forward in a big way and stop doing a lot of things that will not. And then it combined those and I think we feel very good with the focus we have, any ongoing focus we will keep.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thanks, Meredith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. You may begin?
Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the questions. I wanted to ask you about the ramp of synergies, they are going to see youre calling for $350 million to $400 million in fiscal 2014. On the generic procurement side specifically, I was wondering if you guys could comment on whether or not the re-contracting with your generic manufacturers kind of where you are in that process, is that close to complete. And then as it relates to that, how should we be thinking about the ramp on the generic procurement side specifically? Is that something you expect within the overall bucket of synergies to come in a little bit faster or is that kind of pacing along with the other synergy areas of synergies?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah, couple of things there is one obviously, since we exceeded our goal this year, it hit $154 million and we effectively started at zero. That means by the end of the year you have to be close to $300 million. And so we continue to ramp that, thats why we get the objectives and the goals for next year that we have pretty good visibility on. With respect to generics, our team whos leading it, Jeff Berkowitz and John Donovan made a tremendous amount of progress. I think were not going to get too much detail on it, because I think its work thats probably making this happening as we speak. But I would say that I think they are working with likely specifics to find really win-win relationships where we can bring a lot more business combined with the players and help them and they can help us. And so we are very confident that we are going to create lot of value there over time, but Ill just leave it at that.
Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then I guess just to clarify Wade, the 350 to 400 synergies that does not includes any additional generic procurement benefits from AmerisourceBergens purchasing or does it?
Wade D. Miquelon: This business is really, primarily, this is just us and Alliance Boots. And again there is six work streams that which generics weve always said its the biggest one, but all the work streams are now creating value.
Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Any sense you can give us just as far as timing, I know its still little bit earlier on in the process than where you are with AB. But any sense you can give us and when you might be in a position to share an additional synergy number related to AmerisourceBergen?
Wade D. Miquelon: Perhaps maybe in future calls I will talk a little bit more. Really right now that the core focus AmerisourceBergen as Greg has said, weve now basically moved all the branded drugs into the AmerisourceBergen distribution network and thats going fantastic. And now over the next 9 to 12 months, well be moving on to generics and it will be comp further out, but perhaps well get in that later?
Gregory D. Wasson: Bob, I will say that I happen to be in Bern last week or two weeks ago with Stephanie Hattenschweiler and Steve Collis and the team, and Id tell you there is a lot of confidence and a lot of energy with that team. So we feel good going forward with what that team is going to be able to deliver.
Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thats great. And if I could just sneak one more in on the front-end, obviously promotional activity seem to be a big focus. Currently, I know you talked about the more targeted promotional programs and it sounds like you obviously have had a negative impact in this quarter and you are expecting that to continue in the front half of fiscal 2014 if I heard you correctly. I was just wondering if you could give us any order of magnitude as we think about the cadence into 1Q and 2Q, is it more or less negative than what we saw on the gross profit margin in this quarter. Anything directionally there will be really helpful? Thanks.
Wade D. Miquelon: I dont know if we give actual numbers Bob, but I will say, I think the investment the team is making in over the past several months thats beginning to drive the momentum. I would say that, were pretty much right on as far as the order of magnitude that we need to continue to invest to drive that steady momentum. So I wouldnt see any probably more aggressive investment. I think well just continue to take it quarter-by-quarter and make the right investments. But I feel good with the level of investment we are make on, I think that could continue to drive the momentum were looking forward in front-end of the business. How could they get other balancing the promotional strategy is just one small component what the teams are doing driving the Well Experience, improving our own brand portfolio more relevant localized tailored format. There is a lot of great work going on thats very structural and long term in nature, our customer satisfaction keeps growing. So I think this is the bigger store story of why we feel confident as we move forward here.
Robert P. Jones  Goldman Sachs & Co.: It makes sense. Thanks so much.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Willoughby of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Wade, what is the after  whats the inventory run rate we could expect with ABC now controlling more of the flow here. Should it drop meaningfully?
Wade D. Miquelon: The run rate of what, Im sorry Bob?
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Your inventory?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well with our inventory I mean effectively we produced substantial inventory all of our branded effectively in the cutover, but its part of the agreement weve also increased our days payable. So the working capital balances out to fair degree, it just ends up on different lines.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And that kind of continue current run rate spend overall for working capital?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I would say thats a pretty good assumption.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just another question in terms of the real estate that you own for your stores that metric was always kind of 19%, 20%, where does that stand now?
Gregory D. Wasson: Its still about that, historically that was both for how we want to balance our balance sheet as well as there are just some areas where its more advantageous to own than it is to do a structured lease agreement. But I think well probably be about that zone moving forward.
Robert Willoughby  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thats great. Thank you.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thanks, Bob.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Gregory D. Wasson: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: You mentioned that you heard about $300 million of run rate at the end of fiscal year 2013. So when you think about your synergy guidance for 2014 of $350 million to $400 million, what is the exit run rate that youre expecting to achieve?
Gregory D. Wasson: The exit run rate is that?
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes, the exit run rate for 2014?
Gregory D. Wasson: I mean it will be obviously higher than the higher end of that limit, but we havent give an exact guidance because we are going to give rise to the following here, so it will be higher than $400 million.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Right, but should we think about it as $500 million to $600 million range? I guess it all depends on the magnitude of the ramp up.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I mean there is moving parts right so if I gave you exact number it would probably be plus or minus wrong, but I think we feel confident that year by year by year we can keep delivering incremental synergies on these extremes and we are also increasingly finding new areas that we can focus on, now we drive cost efficiencies but just take capabilities and drive top line benefit as well.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can you share with us, when you think about Alliance Boots for fiscal year 2014, any color on whats the top line and EBIT growth that we should expect from AB? And understanding that there is some seasonality as weve seen in fiscal year 2013, but just like overall for the year?
Gregory D. Wasson: I guess were not going to comment on their business anymore than we feel that they are obviously performing very strong in a challenging environment. I think you saw this is the last year, delivered strong numbers I think that they feel, the wholesale business continued to do well in challenging environment as well as their retail business and being able to drive profitable meaningful growth.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the SG&A, I mean obviously I think in response to an earlier question, you said  that you think that you continue to improve SG&A spend going forward, but growth initiative on SG&A on an adjusted basis were about 2.6%, so really significantly below can affect your long-term steady state guidance of 3.5% to 4.5%. So as we think about our model for fiscal year 2014, should we stick with the 3.5% to 4.5% or are you now at a new base line of growth?
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess its right to say is that I just kind, Id revert back to that objective we have that 100 basis point or more spread over time on SG&A gross profit dollar growth. There are also an SG&A, there is lots of lumps that happen quarter-to-quarter and even fiscal-to-fiscal, I guess the key takeaway is we are very focused, as Greg said on really prioritizing the organization around the things that really matter. Were really looking at everything to see does it create value, things like indirect spend, things that we buy that we dont re-sell do we need it., we does it cost optimizer, is it efficient. So again I think its really more of that ratio thats important, because even that number that you alluded to, the 2.6% also include things like USA drug. So its not really even a true organic number, which has been better than that and these things can change that metric over time as well.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. So we should obviously include Kerr as we think about your SG&A growth for next year?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, right for sure. Yes.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes, okay. And can you give us a ballpark of what that dollar number would be?
Gregory D. Wasson: In terms of year-on-year growth or?
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Gregory D. Wasson: Again, I guess Id just say that that objective for us is to make that spread or beat it consistently most of the time
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Gregory D. Wasson: And Kerr has 76 stores, so that alone isnt going really I guess change materially our base SG&A.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And lastly on the third party network, it contributes to your growth last year. Are you looking to add new partnership, new network partnership on Part D this coming year?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Kermit you want to address that?
Kermit R. Crawford: Ricky in this year as we were last year in January, we started to have relationship that are preferred with our Medicare Part D providers. We are excited about the opportunity that we saw our market share grow in this, as Greg said this is very valuable Older American. So next year youll see us with the same partnership that weve looked at in the past. Its a part of our and if you think about our overall strategy is being a better strategic partner. There is a number of examples out there, where were beginning to see this not only with the Medicare Part D plan, but also with our SmartD 90 plan with Express Scripts, where we see that customer will have a choice to get their 90 day at retail at a Walgreen or through Express Scripts home delivery. So this strategic partnership is the part of our overall corporate initiative to continue to work with partners.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then finally in October 1, open enrollment is starting today. Can you just share with us your thoughts as to how youre seeing ACA is going to impact your business over the next 12 months?
Kermit R. Crawford: Yes. Well, go ahead Greg.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well the enrollment period starts today we certainly have our pharmacist and all of our people prepared to ask questions as members or those who are affected or impacted coming to our stores. From an ACA perspective, we certainly know there is going to be an increase in a number of people that get insurance. Were not speculating on what that number is but overall we would anticipate benefiting from that in a number of ways not only from our script volume, but when you think about healthcare clinics. We have over 300 healthcare clinics that will provide not only preventative, but minor acute as well as chronic care. Weve also been involved in partnerships around the ACOs, where people are looking to have manage the entire benefit and under this exchange benefit design its a benefit design of both medical and drug. So we think we are going to play a key role in that as people take advantage of the pharmacy benefit and drive their overall lower medical cost.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Ricky its Greg. I would just say I think were looking at it certainly for all those reasons it is more of a long-term benefit for us. For all the reasons have been expressed its a tougher audience diverse audience to bring into the program and make aware of. But so next year is going to be hard to tell but certainly from a long-term we think it will be a benefit for us for all the reasons Kermit explained.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Valiquette of UBS. You may begin.
Steven Valiquette  UBS: Hi, thanks. Good morning Greg and Wade. So I guess first is in relation to all that discussion on the adjusted gross profit dollar growth, is there any preliminary view on the change in LIFO provision and what that might be for FY 2014?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I mean in terms of the rate or?
Steven Valiquette  UBS: Yes. But just kind of thinking about I mean if youre going to have fewer generic launches and brand inflation remaining strong I would think you could have a fairly good size LIFO charge overall in FY 2014. So I just want to make sure I am sort thinking about that right way? And also does the ABC shifting change the way that you are LIFO inventory might flow.
Gregory D. Wasson: The ABC thing absolutely does change obviously, because its a different arrangement now and they are managing the bulk of the inventory. I would say I dont think we see the rate being materially different than it has been over the past couple of years on average, but there are a lot of moving parts with that especially when you move from such dollar branded to having generics and then as we transition generics over time that will change yet again. So I think maybe as we go forward into the next quarter we can provide some clarity, but I dont think its going to be anything material versus history.
Steven Valiquette  UBS: Okay. And then also weve been getting a lot of questions recently on what your tax rate may go down to once you get into your FY 2016, you also have a lot of guidance for that year but tax rate not being one of them but if we do assume that steps with Alliance Boots is completed. I guess the question is could there be a material step down in the tax rate on your income statement once we get into FY 2016 versus where the tax rate is currently?
Wade D. Miquelon:
 :
 :
 :
Steven Valiquette  UBS:
 :
Wade D. Miquelon: We have no plans for that, I mean really its managing our businesses as effectively we can the way they are.
Steven Valiquette  UBS: Yes.
Wade D. Miquelon: Fairly with some changes.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Steve none at all.
Steven Valiquette  UBS: Okay, all right. Great, thanks.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rick Hans for closing remarks.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, we will report September sales this Thursday and until then, thank you for listening. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-06-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans  Divisional VP, Investor Relations Greg Wasson  President and CEO Wade Miquelon  CFO Kermit Crawford - President, Pharmacy Mark Wagner - President, Store Operations
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities Ajay Jain - Cantor Fitzgerald Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Ross Muken - ISI Group Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I will now turn the call over to your host, Rick Hans. Please begin.
Rick Hans: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our president and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, executive vice president, CFO and president, international will discuss the quarter. Also joining us on the call are Kermit Crawford, president of pharmacy, and Mark Wagner, president of store operations. As a reminder, todays presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today Ill begin with the highlights of our results for the quarter. Second, Ill update the steps were taking to improve our daily living business, expand our role in the changing healthcare system, and advance our long term strategic growth drivers. Then Ill turn the call over to Wade for a more in-depth look at our results and key considerations for the remainder of the year. We recognize our business has become more complex, with a number of moving parts, and we do want to help you get to the underlying performance of our business as we remain confident in our long term strategic direction. Starting with our financial results, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.85 and GAAP diluted EPS of $0.65. In the quarter, along with Alliance Boots, we announced a strategic long term relationship with AmerisourceBergen, one of the largest pharmaceutical supply chain companies in America. Through this relationship, we have formed a collaborative, integrated wholesale retail model here in the U.S., with a 10-year comprehensive primary distribution agreement for our branded and generic products. Combined with our partnership with Alliance Boots, Europes leading fully integrated wholesale retail model, we are now best positioned to drive efficiency and innovation throughout the entire pharmaceutical supply chain, harnessing the benefits of global sourcing and making it easier for manufacturers to bring products to market and providing patients with better access to healthcare. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion, with $1.1 billion in free cash flow, which is one of our strongest quarters for both. Earlier this month, we launched the Boots No 7 mens product line in more than 5,000 stores across the country. Weve already introduced with great success the No 7 womens skincare line and other Boots products in four of our flagship locations, with more expansion planned. And finally, our joint synergy program with Alliance Boots is meeting our expectations. Were on track to deliver $125 million to $150 million in combined synergies, compared to our previous target of $100 million to $150 million. Now let me walk through our quarterly results on a GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted basis. Sales came in at $18.3 billion, up 3.2%, from the same quarter a year ago. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $991 million, up 13.5% from $873 million for the same period last year. Non-GAAP adjusted operating income for the quarter was $1.2 billion, up 22.9% from just over $1 billion in third quarter 2012. GAAP net earnings for the quarter were up 16.2%, from $537 million, or $0.62 per diluted share last year to $624 million, or $0.65 per diluted share. The non-GAAP adjusted net earnings for this quarter were a record $812 million, or $0.85 per diluted share compared to adjusted net earnings of $628 million, or $0.72 per diluted share in the same quarter last year. Turning to trends in gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars, in the third quarter, on a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollar growth increased 4.1%, or $208 million from a year ago. SG&A dollar growth increased 5.3%, or $221 million, compared to a year ago. Now, on a non-GAAP basis, adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased $268 million, or 5.3% year over year. Non-GAAP adjusted SG&A dollar growth was up $182 million, or 4.5%. During the quarter, the rate of growth in adjusted FIFO gross profit dollars exceeded adjusted SG&A dollar growth by 80 basis points. You can see this was the first positive spread in six quarters, and were pleased that this is moving in the right direction. Now let me update our progress on the three key strategic growth drivers we put in place last year to position our company for long term growth and value creation. First, on creating a well experience, while were seeing several positive indicators in our daily living business, such as increases in customer delight, basket size, and gross margins, our front-end sales and traffic are still not up to our expectations. There are certainly factors that affected our results this quarter. As with other retailers, the weather had a negative impact on seasonal sales in the third quarter. We also continue to face a soft economy, especially in our lower income communities, where our stores, on a comp basis, are performing on average below our stores in middle or higher income neighborhoods. That said, were taking steps to balance our investment in sales and margins. Were focused on a clear three-point plan. First, were making further adjustments to our pricing and promotions, implementing a number of meaningful changes to our weekly ad. As you know, we began those changes in mid-May, and youll see more throughout the fourth quarter. Were applying what were learning from our Balanced Rewards program to ensure we have the items that are most relevant to our customers, in both assortment and price, to meet their daily living needs. Second, were focused on maximizing the value of our Balanced Rewards program. With 75 million people signed up, were turning our focus from enrollment to redemption and rewards. For example, as shoppers earn points, were highlighting the dollar value of points earned in both our stores and in our circulars. Third, were enhancing our store segmentation to better meet the local needs and preferences of our communities, whether theyre in the intercity, suburbs, or rural communities. Were customizing our advertising circular according to individual community needs, especially in the hardest-hit communities where our customers are working hard to stretch their paychecks. Were also working to ensure we have the right products and targeted promotions in our communities across the country. I can assure you that improving our front end is a high priority, and I am confident that the teams plans will strengthen performance and drive profitable growth over time. And in fact, were beginning to see just that. We reported a positive front-end comp this quarter, with progress over the previous quarter. Were also beginning to see sequential improvements in market share over recent periods. Finally, our flagship locations continue to give us a platform for innovation and to showcase the best of our brand. This quarter we opened flagships stores in the Empire State Building in New York City; Washington, DC; Boston; and San Francisco, bringing our total to 10 across the country. Now, turning to our second strategic growth driver, transforming the role of community pharmacy, here were beginning to hit on all cylinders. Our script comp for the quarter was 7.1%, compared to 5.7% in the second quarter. We gained 80 basis points in market share, from 18.4% to 19.2%. 90-day prescriptions continue to grow, increasing 19% year over year, while IMS continue to report slowing growth of mail. All this comes in an environment where physician visits are down 2.7% year over year in May, according to JPMorgans monthly tracker, and this follows year over year declines February through April. With that said, were positioned extremely well to continue driving market share and profitable growth. First, we now have long term contracts with predictable rates in place with many of the major commercial payers in the market. Second, were capitalizing on our preferred position in Med D plans. Our increase in Medicare Part D volume has exceeded the market every month since January. And with 10,000 people turning 65 every day, and signing up for coverage, we have tremendous opportunity to continue growing our volume over time. Third, with healthcare reform moving forward, Walgreens, with our 8,000 locations and 70,000 healthcare professionals, is increasingly well-positioned to meet the growing demand for convenient, affordable, non-emergency care. During this quarter, we announced that most of our more than 370 Take Care clinics now offer an expanded scope of healthcare services. These new services include diagnosis, treatment, and management for hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, and asthma, as well as additional preventative health services. Were also moving forward with expanded plans to play a central role in emerging care models such as Accountable Care organizations. With our leading role in 3 ACOs, and our strategy to service many others, patients, providers, and payers are recognizing the value of community pharmacy as part of the solution to meet the triple aim of improving the patient experience, driving better health outcomes, and lowering overall healthcare costs. Regarding our third strategic growth driver, establishing an efficient global platform, were pleased with the progress were making with our strategic partnerships with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen, which collectively are creating an unmatched global pharmacy supply chain. First, on AmerisourceBergen, our teams are on track to ensure a smooth transition of our branded goods distribution on September 1, and the transition of generics over the next 12 months. With these relationships, were piloting new delivery models with our stores to optimize frequency and putting in place new inventory management processes and metrics to improve local assortments. Second, as I mentioned, were meeting our expectations for Alliance Boots synergies. Were on course to deliver $125 million to $150 million in combined first year synergies. Alliance Boots contributed $0.10 per diluted share to our adjusted results this quarter, and we expect the contribution to be $0.08 per diluted share to fourth quarter adjusted results. Finally, were pleased with Alliance Boots performance in their fiscal 2013. As I am sure you saw, trading profit was up 7.4% in constant currency, underlying profit after tax was up 12.7%, cash generated from operations was UK1.6 billion, and they reduced their net borrowings by UK1.1 billion. So summing up, we have worked hard over the past year to crystalize our strategies and ensure we have the growth drivers in place to support long term value creation for Walgreens and our shareholders. Were now focused on the execution that will propel both day to day performance in the short term and the growth we expect over the next two to three years. Thank you, and let me turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. This morning I will take you through our quarterly results, as well as update you on our investment in Alliance Boots. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.65 per diluted share, based on 959 million shares. This GAAP EPS bridge to the adjusted EPS of $0.85 for the quarter is illustrated by this chart, with a LIFO provision of $0.08 per share; acquisition-related items of $0.12 per share, consisting of $0.05 of acquisition-related amortization costs, $0.02 of acquisition-related cost, and $0.05 of Alliance Boots step one related tax deferral. Special items netted to zero cents per share, with $0.05 related to the DEA settlement, offset by the $0.05 related to the warrants issued by AmerisourceBergen. As you can see, the settlement with the DEA we announced earlier this month is treated as a special item. This settlement reflects the final reserve accrual as well as some tax impacts related to the terms of the final settlement. Looking back on the first two quarters of fiscal 2013, prior accruals related to this matter had an adverse impact of around $0.03 per share in Q2 and certain litigation matters, including an accrual related to the DEA matter, and had a positive net impact of around $0.02 per share in Q1. These items are reflected in both our reported GAAP and adjusted earnings in the first two quarters, and were not treated as special items. Let me now provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. Comp prescription sales increased 2%. Comp front-end sales increased 0.4%. Total comp sales increased 1.4%, and comp prescriptions filled increased to 7.1%, versus a script comp of negative 9.1% in the year ago period. With respect to our front end, in the third quarter the front end comp increased 0.4%, and traffic decreased by 3.9%, while basket size increased by 4.4%. We see stable front end margins in the challenging promotional environment. As Greg discussed prior, moving forward, we are increasing our ads and promotional focus concurrent with other initiatives intended to increase store traffic. Still, we will continue to work to strike the optimum balance between sales and profitable growth, as our underlying front end business continues to make progress. Looking at comp store script numbers, our retail comp scripts were up 7.1%. This continues to reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business, our win back of express scripts customers, and our continued progress in winning new Medicare Part D customers. Turning now to margin, our FIFO gross margin was 29.2% in the current quarter, compared to 28.6% last year, a 60 basis point improvement. Pharmacy margins increased as a result of the ongoing impact from generics, and the increase is partially offset by market reimbursement pressure and the continued growth of our 90-day retail program. The front end was positively impacted by candy, non-prescription drugs, and personal care categories, which is partially offset by costs associated with points earned from the Balanced Rewards program. Taking a look at our longer term FIFO gross margin trends, this quarters 60 basis point improvement was up against a 30 basis point increase a year ago. The continuing generic wave, which temporarily peaked last quarter, was the primary driver of margin lift in this quarter. Moving forward, we expect margins to be negatively impacted by a trough in the generic wave, expected to continue until the latter half of fiscal year 2014, when we expect to experience another peak in the wave, albeit smaller than the fiscal year 13 peak. And again, as I mentioned, the front end was slightly positive for the quarter. Margins may also be impacted as we become more directed with our new promotion and pricing initiatives to drive traffic and front end comps. As I will illustrate in a few minutes, and as we have stated on many occasions, we are more focused in driving gross profit dollar growth than margin growth. This chart illustrates our two-year stacked SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last nine quarters. Now lets review the trends on an adjusted basis. Two-year stack adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago, with 2.3% growth in the third quarter of 2013, down from 5.1% last year. This is certainly the lowest two-year stack we have had in recent history. To get to adjusted SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our reported SG&A dollar growth was 5.3%, which included 60 basis points for the DEA legal settlement and 20 basis points of acquisition-related costs. Backing these out resulted in adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 4.5%. Showed here are the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past seven quarters, on a GAAP basis, and the follow-on slide shows the trends on an adjusted basis. As I mentioned earlier, the adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 4.5% year over year increase versus the 2.2% decrease in the third quarter of fiscal 2012. Looking at adjusted SG&A dollar growth on a two-year stack basis, as you can see, there was a 560 basis point sequential step down from the second quarter of 2013. We are pleased with the SG&A dollar growth in the quarter, especially given the very tough compare in the year ago period, when we were not an express scripts pharmacy network. Transitioning now to gross profit, this slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past seven quarters on a GAAP basis. Adjusted gross profit daily growth increase from positive 4% in the second quarter of 2013 to a positive 5.3% in the third quarter of 2013. The positive trend in domestic gross profit dollar growth is the result of the underlying strength of the business, combined with the generic drug benefit. On a two-year stack basis, gross profit dollar growth stepped down sequentially as we lapped a 2.5% decrease from the prior years third quarter when we were out of the express scripts network. Also recall the second quarter benefited from stronger generic [wave] and an unusually strong flu season. Looking more broadly at our income statement, this quarter included a LIFO provision of $120 million versus $50 million a year ago, driven primarily by significantly higher prescription drug inflation in the quarter. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 3.5%, up from 2.5% a year ago. Net interest expense was $50 million, up from $17 million a year ago, and the increase in interest expense is primarily attributable to the $4 billion note issued in association with the Alliance Boots transaction. But it also includes the $7 million noncash expense through a fair market value adjustment to the companys outstanding interest rate swaps. Our effective tax rate was 38.7%, versus 37.2% last year, primarily due to the nondeductible nature of the DEA settlement. Average diluted shares outstanding were 959 million shares, versus 865 million shares last year. The change is due to a combination of the impact of the 83.4 million shares issued due to the Alliance Boots investment and the impact of a higher stock price in the money options counted in diluted shares. This options impact increased our diluted share count sequentially by 5.6 million shares in the third quarter. In order to give some perspective on Q4, please note the following: We expect the LIFO provision in the fourth quarter to be approximately $85 million. We expect net interest expense to be $57 million to $60 million, including the negative impact of $16 million from a noncash fair market value adjustment to the companys outstanding interest rate swap. Based on the swap accounting treatment we put in place in 2009, when we first swapped our $1.3 billion in notes to floating, we are now reserving the positive accounting impact that has gradually offset interest expense over the past four years. We are very pleased with our hedging strategy, as the floating swaps on our $1.3 billion notes have generated over $100 million in pretax cash savings since 2009. Going forward, our true cash interest expense will benefit from our plan repayment of $1.3 billion in notes in August. We expect the effective tax rate to be about 38%, and note our adjusted rate is anticipated to be better due to both the DEA impact as well as the adjustments for Alliance Boots benefit not captured by our effective GAAP rate. And finally, we expect diluted shares outstanding to remain around 950 million shares, but as mentioned, it is subject to the impact of changes in our share price. And lastly, please keep in mind that we provide monthly sales on third business day of each month, so we kindly ask that you remember to update your models for actual sales at the end of each quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $3 billion in the third quarter, versus $2 billion a year ago. $1.3 billion of this cash is earmarked to retire outstanding debt due in August 2013. Net working capital decreased by 2% versus a year ago. Accounts receivable increased by 5.4%, while accounts payable increased 2.2%. And LIFO inventories were down 1.8% and FIFO inventories were up 2.9% year over year versus the sales growth of 3.2%. During the third quarter, we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations, versus $1.9 billion a year ago. Free cash flow in the quarter was $1.1 billion versus $1.5 billion a year ago, and roughly $300 million of this year over year difference was driven by the timing shift in our annual profit share plan payment. As a company, I think you can see we remain very focused on cash flow. Let me transition now to our accretion to adjusted EPS for the quarter as a result of our partnership with Alliance Boots. The third quarter accretion was $0.10 per share, which fell $0.02 to $0.03 short of the $0.12 to $0.13 range we forecasted last quarter. To be clear, we are very pleased with both the operational performance of Alliance Boots and the combined synergies we are achieving. As noted, this shortfall is due to a number of non-fundamental factors, primarily the greater than expected impact of IFRS to GAAP conversions. We now expect the accretion for the fourth quarter to be about $0.08 per share, which is less than our prior guidance of $0.09 to $0.10 per share, with the primary difference driven by the foreign currency translation impact of a slightly weakened pound relative to the dollar in our initial forecast. Consequently, we now estimate the adjusted EPS accretion for the year to be $0.16 rather than the previous estimate of $0.18 to $0.22, primarily for the reasons I just outlined. Shifting to our quarterly Alliance Boots accretion [unintelligible], as shown, we realized $28 million before tax and synergies during the third quarter and $25 million after tax. Amortization adjustments amounted to $3 million for the deal amortization and $15 million for brand amortization. After tax, Alliance Boots equity earnings were $131 million for the third quarter on a GAAP basis. On an adjusted basis, the income from the Alliance Boots investment was $147 million, as noted, and the incremental after tax interest expense to Walgreens was $13 million. After the impact of share dilution, the accretion equaled $0.10 in the third quarter. Id like to close by reviewing our fiscal [2016] goals: $130 billion of combined revenue, $8.5 billion to $9 billion of combined operating income, $9 billion to $9.5 billion of combined adjusted operating income, $8 billion of combined operating cash flow, a total synergy goal of $1 billion, and $11 billion of combined net debt, all by 2016. When analyzing 2016 revenue, adjusted operating income, and cash flow goals, and netting the impact of our stated combined synergy goal of $1 billion, combined CAGRs from the base year of 2012 through our goal year of 2016 would need to be 5% for revenue, 9% for adjusted operating income, and 4% for cash flow in order to reach our goals. To the extend we end up exceeding or falling short of our combined synergy goals, CAGR required to meet our 2016 goals will be impacted accordingly. With respect to synergies, we are off to a good start on our 2016 goals, and as we noted earlier, we are nearly in the range of combined synergies for the fiscal year 2013 to $125 million to $150 million, from the previous range of $100 million to $150 million. Each of the six primary synergy work streams are producing results, and we are confident we are on the right track to now meet our fiscal year 2014 synergy objectives. Also recall that Alliance Boots retired $1.7 billion in debt in their fiscal year ended March 2013, exceeding their goal of $1 billion. As I mentioned earlier, we are planning to retire $1.3 billion in Walgreens debt in August. As we progress, once a year, on a quarterly earnings call, we plan on going into a deeper dive on our 2016 goals, with respect to our progress, our risks, and the opportunities across each of these measures. We remain confident with respect to our strategic long term relationship with AmerisourceBergen as well, and our core work streams are progressing and are on track. In addition to the planned domestic supply, sourcing, and international opportunities and benefits, we continue to identify areas where all three partners can work together to build on capabilities and competencies. Now, in closing, let me share a few final thoughts. I realize that in the past few years, weve made several strategic and transformational moves that at times make our company more than challenging to model. Having said that, Id like to talk a bit about how we think about our business. At a strategic level, we have continued to refine our journey across three key planks and several related initiatives that we expect to greatly enhance our customer experience, allow us to participate profitably and more broadly in the challenging healthcare landscape, and let us fully leveraged efficiency and scale all the while. The groundbreaking and transformational partnerships enhance these strategies, and we believe will enable us to unlock significant value and competitive advantage. Still, I believe we are just scratching the surface of what we can do working together longer term across both the supply chain as well as across geographies. Now it all comes down to executing with excellence, as we effectively balance both the long and short term. Im sure well have some ups and downs along the way, but we remain very confident in our long term strategies and prospects. I want to thank you again for your kind attention and support, and now Id like to turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: I just had a couple of questions on the generic side. Wade, I heard you talk about the $125 million to $150 million of synergies. Can you talk about where you are in this new JV purchasing as far as contracting with the manufacturers and how much of the synergies are coming from that side? And then secondly, I think Greg, you talked about market pressure and reimbursement, but on the other hand, you also talked about long term contracts. Where are you seeing the market pressure on reimbursement today? Is that coming from Medicaid? Is it coming from the commercial market? How should we think about that?
Wade Miquelon : I guess the JV first. The JV is up and fully running and operating. We have our two presidents, Jeff Berkowitz and John [Donovan] [ph], who are working one of the key workstreams thats residing there, our generics. And were off to a very good start. Without giving information that we consider too competitively sensitive, what I would say is that given the scope and breadth of what were doing together, I think were working with most of the key manufacturers already, in terms of understanding how we can bring volume benefit to better long term planning and create, Id say, a real win-win. I think that win-win comes, again, because of the size, the scale, and the breadth of the business that we can do with all the key partners that want to partner with us. But were off to a good start. It is a significant part of our early synergies, and as I said before, we expect it to be a significant part of the going ones as well. And Greg, Ill let you comment on
Greg Wasson : Yeah, on the market pressure on reimbursement. I guess I dont think theres any one segment. I think were seeing reasonable reimbursement pressure and focus from any payer, whether its government, commercial, on controlling costs. I think certainly as some states move from state Medicaid to managed Medicaid, you certainly see some movement there. But when we look at those commercial arrangements, as we have in the past, we look at the individual plan, and we look at all the variables, whether its days of supply, generic utilization rate, and we make our decisions. But I dont think theres any one area that we would call out. I think were just seeing continues as expected focus on healthcare costs from all payers.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan : And Greg, just to follow up on that really quickly, on Medicaid, if we think about the initial impact of the Affordable Care Act, we would expect its primarily going to come from Medicaid expansion. Can you talk about, if thats primarily where it comes from, do you have excess capacity in your stores today so that even if the reimbursement rate is a little bit lower with Medicaid, that youre going to be able to lever that incremental volume and it should be still a positive as we move into calendar 14 for Walgreens?
Greg Wasson : Well, I dont know if Id really take it down to the variable labor perspective, but I think with movement from growing Medicaid, whether its managed or state, again, I think we look at that as we have any commercial arrangement. In some of those, it depends on the market share and the state that were in. It depends on, as I said earlier, a lot of these, with more and more folks coming into a Medicaid population that are conducive to, say, 90-day supplies of chronic medications, theres opportunities for us to work with states in ways we havent in the past. Theres ways to work with them to drive adherence. So I dont think its really whether we have the capacity to make it work. I think its really focusing on the reimbursement, the value we bring, to begin with.
Wade Miquelon : Lisa, just one last thing Id say is bundling the two together, apart from making sure we have the most effective cost buying structure, with respect to things that are happening that were doing, like driving 90-day, which I think you can see is really accelerating in terms of some of the automation thats happening with respect to our stores, and streamlining of the process as well in things like e-prescribe. Well continue to find ways to be more efficient and effective on all aspects of cost, which will allow us to play more broadly in the expansion of healthcare and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets : First question was just sort of on the front end. You mentioned some of the pricing and promotional strategies that youre sort of adjusting. Can you remind us what youre doing there in terms of the impact we should see, that you had mentioned on the call, sort of gross profit dollars versus gross profit margins?
Greg Wasson : Certainly were focused, as weve said several times, on gross profit dollars versus margin. And I think what were beginning to do, and we talked a little bit probably on the last call, is trying to strike the right balance between price and promotion. I think as we talked about, we made a strategic shift when we rolled out our Balanced Rewards program to shift some of our promotional effort and focus from our roto, primary our print circular, to more digital and balanced rewards. I think that absolutely was the right strategic move for us to make. Along the way, I think weve probably got a little less promotional on that Sunday circular. So what were doing is were really focused, based on some of the data that were getting insights from our Balanced Rewards program, to make sure weve got the right items at the right price in that circular to drive comp and traffic. This is something you want to tweak that dial ever so slightly, and we feel that were making the right adjustments, and were beginning to gain some momentum. We want to continue to do that in our Sunday circular and utilize our Balanced Rewards program to continue to move that in the right direction.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets : My other question was on the pharmacy side, with respect to specialty. Not so much in the quarter, but obviously all we hear from payers out there is troubles with the specialty trend that are only going to get worse over time. So can you just update us on your latest initiative on the specialty side? So your growth expectations and maybe some of the unique things that you think youre doing in the marketplace in that area?
Greg Wasson : Great question. I think we have a great position to begin to provide more value to both patients, payers, and pharmaceutical companies as we go forward. We think our differentiating model allows us to focus on what we call specialty retail to make sure the patients are indeed eligible to pick up and receive specialty medications from the retail pharmacists that theyve been using for years. AmerisourceBergen, the relationship we have with daily deliveries, will help us drive that even greater. We have a central facility that will allow us to either mail to stores or mail directly to the patients home based on where theyd like it. Were really driving sophistication there. And finally, our infusion business, we think, is truly a differentiator for us, because as more payers look for a single solution for the pipeline of drugs that are coming out that are either going to be injectable or infused, we think that looking for a one-stop solution that we can offer will help us win in the marketplace. Last thing Id say is Jeff Berkowitz and our team is focused on bringing solutions to the pharmaceutical partners we have, are really working with them in ways to help them launch and drive the value that theyre looking for with their specialty products.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities : Two things. Greg, when we think about getting the front end traffic back, digging into that a little deeper, how confident are you? Traffic is fairly negative, you obviously dont want to do 12 packs of Coke for $2, because that really doesnt accomplish that much. How confident are you that you can do that in a relatively - get back closer to flat in a relatively quick period of time without hurting gross unnecessarily? Do you think its kind of a trial here, maybe you go a little too far, hit gross a little bit, and then have to bring it back? Or do you think you can manage it in a more consistent way than that?
Greg Wasson : Its a great question, and as Ive said several times, its the balance of retail, right? I think our approach, as I said, is going to be a prudent approach to investing where it makes sense in order to get the results. Were looking for traffic and comp, were focused on gross profit dollars, as I said. And I think the adjustments we begin to make, and with our circular in mid-May, as I said, were beginning to make progress. I want to continue to take the approach were talking about. Im extremely confident that we will continue to make progress and gain momentum in that trend for several reasons. I think our folks are doing the right things with the circular. Theyre making the right adjustments. As I said, we have a lot of insights now a year in, on the Balanced Rewards, which helps us do a better job of understanding what should we be putting on the front page, the back page, of that circular, at what price, to be able to drive profitable sales? And then also, with 75 million members now enrolled in Balanced Rewards, the insight we have, were able to now strategically drive promotions through Balanced Rewards to drive traffic and sales as well. And then the third point is - and its interesting, I think we have, as you know, a lot of our stores are located in underserved or lower income communities. And one of the things that we have done extremely well in the past, and what we want to enhance, is making sure that were tailoring our merchandising mix or price or promotion to those stores. All those are in motion. I think weve got a great plan, great team, and its all about executing. And Im confident we can do that.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities : And then secondly, if you look at SG&A run rate, up 4.5% adjusted, youve got a lot of the ESRX business back. Are we sort of steady state now? Whatever you were going to add back is added back, and thats sort of a steady state run rate going forward? Or is there more head to head back?
Wade Miquelon : No, I think Id say that, because youre cycling sort of an unusual base period, it looks choppy, but in terms of how we run our business, Id say were pretty steady state. And we run algorithms every day to understand the incremental line scripts, etc., that we have, and how to tweak labor up or down accordingly. Also, in terms of cycle of express scripts, you know, we have things like a little beefier profit sharing and things like that that are in the underlying base, that are just structural, and the right thing to do. But that gets washed through. But I think were seeing, in our two year stack right now, I would say really just a lot of great effort and focus on SG&A control. And thats not going to change. I think moving forward, to be effective and hit our goals, and anyone to be successful, is going to have to have [unintelligible] focused on winning the customer, but also on the cost side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajay Jain with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Ajay Jain - Cantor Fitzgerald: I wanted to ask about your front end performance as well. I think theres been some mention in the past that there was maybe a more margin driven promotional strategy from last year, which it looks like youve fully cycled at this point. So just based on the loyalty card and the high level of enrollment that you have now with the Balanced Rewards card, when do you expect to start getting the customer insights through the loyalty card that would have the effect of increasing customer traffic and higher average ticket?
Greg Wasson : As I said on the earlier question, I think the good thing is were getting those insights now. And thats why were so excited about having 75 million people already enrolled, and the reason now we begin to not only drive enrollment, but focus on the effectiveness of that program. The insights that were getting are frankly just incredible, and will allow us to get more efficiency out of our marketing dollars and our promotional dollars. So were getting those insights and the data now, to help us continue to drive traffic in a prudent and reasonable way.
[Mark Wagner]: Just a couple of factoids. Already about 60% and growing of our purchases made in store are now with the card. Were seeing a significantly bigger basket of those that have a card versus all others. Now the [unintelligible] as we move forward, longitudinally, to make their baskets bigger than they were prior, and thats the work to be done. So I think as Greg said, in the end, the magic comes from redemption, and building critical mass, critical points, and being able to use that as a lever so people really understand the currency and the value of it is the next phase that were just now moving into.
Ajay Jain - Cantor Fitzgerald : And just as a related question, Im assuming that theres some derivative impact on front end due to the legacy issues with express scripts. So do you think its reasonable to expect that were going to see some improvement in front end when you anniversary the new express scripts agreement in a couple of months?
[Mark Wagner]: Yeah, I think as weve also said before, every day were kind of moving forward and getting more and more express scripts customers back. I think that trend is going to continue. And so I think those two [unintelligible] hand in hand as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs : Just a little more detail if we could about the components of the change in the Alliance Boots accretion. I know you spoke about the IFRS and then FX. Any way to sort of desegregate those impacts and quantify them?
Greg Wasson : Im sorry, could you clarify the question?
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs : If you think about the reduction in the guidance for Alliance Boots, if you could quantify how much is attributed to each of the drivers that you identified?
Greg Wasson : Its roughly $0.02 in this quarter, thereabouts, which is just IFRS to GAAP conversions. And again, a lot of, until you really get into it and understand things, like how the leases actually work, their retirement programs, etc., you just dont know until you get into it. So thats $0.02 in the quarter, and next quarter is roughly about $0.01 of currency. Again, I think its about a 152 versus a 158 in the pound. But I think youve seen from their annual results that theyve had, all things considered, in a tough environment, a very successful year. And trading profit and underlying profit are really two measures that theyre focused on.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs : And just one other follow up, kind of a high-level strategic question. I know weve spoken about the Balanced Rewards program already. If you think about the net economic impacts since launch, and when you would expect the program to start to deliver earnings benefits in aggregate, is there any way to kind of identify the timing, if you could simplify it down to that level?
[Mark Wagner]: I guess Id put it this way, because you never really know until you get there, but we were in pretty heavy investment phase last year, not only from the systems, but also in terms of just the employee finance, between 100 and 200 people per store per day, and the effort that takes. And all the while people start building points, but until they actually have enough to redeem, you cant really use it as a lever. Its more of just kind of an investment from that point of view. Weve now got critical mass of people enrolled, critical mass of points. We also have critical mass of what I would call data analytics and insights. So I think as we move forward here, we just get progressively better. Id also say that the way we executed it, which was, as I like to say, we put teeth into it by making sure to get our discounts or promotions you need to have the card. In effect, its sort of a two-tier pricing system which allows us to generate incremental funds to invest even more heavily in the people that are truly our most valuable and most loyal customers. And so economically, Id say from that point of view, its a positive, but I think really the real heart of it kind of starts about now.
Greg Wasson : I think theres two ways to look at Balanced Rewards. The insights and the data that we are capturing now with the 75 million people is helping us make adjustments that drive even more relevancy with our circular, with the way we merchandise our stores, etc. Were beginning to use that data now. The second part would be as consumers begin to understand the value of the currency and the points, then we begin to get the traffic and the basket and the trips that we want to begin to see out of it. So were already beginning to use a lot of the data and the insights to drive decisions across the entire business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: I wondered if you guys could extrapolate maybe more on some of the comments you talked about relative to generics. I think in general theres a belief that weve got a better uptick next year in terms of flow through. The comment that you made in terms of being back in 14, Im assuming thats your fiscal year versus the calendar. So maybe talk a bit about how that differential works and sort of where youre focused in terms of whats going to be a bigger contributor from a category perspective or maybe from a specific launch perspective.
Kermit Crawford: What I would tell you is that as we look at our fiscal year, our second quarter, our generics peaked in our fiscal year. Certainly we are going to see a trough in the third and fourth quarter as Greg said. But we anticipate a comeback in Q4. We have said in the past that 13 would be better than 12. We consistently are saying 13 better than 12, and somewhat a little bit better than 14.
Ross Muken - ISI Group : Maybe just on the traffic piece again, I dont mean to beat a dead horse, but if you look at the components of it in terms of the declines, if you look at it in terms of what youve strategic done to improve margins, and what percentage impact you think thats had versus just kind of the impact of the express lag or anything else going on in the business, is there any way even qualitatively you can kind of compartmentalize how you would think about that metric just so we can kind of assume, as we start lapping it, what traffic could look like on the upswing?
Wade Miquelon : Ill give you kind of a rough feel. This will be probably close, but not perfect. Its hard to understand exactly whats happening, but if you think about that 400 basis point traffic step down weve had over the past year, which is now starting to improve, Id say that a couple of things happened. Number one, the express scripts, approximately between 50 and 100 basis points of traffic. As you know, its not one for one, theyre separate trips. But thats kind of the range that we have seen. And so as the customers come back, we see some benefit, but its in proportion to that. The second thing is the promotional shift we had, which I think was for the right reasons, to keep moving money into more strategic marketing mix, like loyalty, equity building campaigns, probably was around 200-250 points. And again, from a profit point of view, I think the team did a great job of holding margin, but it wasnt as many hot items at cost or below, but we did see that shift. And the last piece is roughly 100 basis points of traffic from cigarettes. And Id say the primary driver there was we saw $15,000 to $20,000 stores introduce cigarettes. We havent seen outside the cigarette category much hit if any at all versus any of our competitors, in the other categories, but I would say that from a traffic driver, we did see something there. So thats kind of how Id break it down.
Greg Wasson : And the fourth would be weather related economic, and certainly around that. But I think Wade did a great job of breaking it down.
Ross Muken - ISI Group : And maybe just one last one. You guys have obviously done a lot of interesting strategic things in this phase, for the last 12 to 24 months. Now, with the relationship with Alliance Boots and Amerisource, it seems like the synergy flows through, you guys are actually executing well there. How do you figure out where the synergies get allocated in terms of is this an Alliance Boots synergy? Is this something that Amerisource gets to keep? Is it a corporate lag synergy? How do you sort of figure out what goes into what bucket, just big picture?
Wade Miquelon : With respect to Alliance Boots, we both have our baseline projections of what we think we do otherwise independently. As we work together and drive synergies, effectively we, for the most part, split them. And because we have a 45% ownership stake in them, it means that we get our half less their 45, which is 72.5. Its probably not perfect plus or minus where it goes, but in the end, because were ultimately planning on becoming one company, its not worth arguing about as much as making sure we maximize them, because in the end it will all go into the same place. I think its a little more complex with AmerisourceBergen, because we are a small investor, and we plan to just be a partner versus anything grander. So we really have to make sure that we have mechanisms to understand each year not only what is the synergy, but we also have mechanisms in terms of how we equitably share those based upon agreements that we have. So we havent talked any more about that, but Id say that theyre a little bit different in the two constructs. But I think that we have pretty good models for understanding what we would do on our own, if not in partner with someone else. And that, for all cases, is using the baseline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : First, around the sustainability of this improvement in the SG&A stack, youve cycled the Balanced Rewards investments [unintelligible]. Was that something that was as meaningful to helping the SG&A improvement? So that would obviously carry forward, right?
Wade Miquelon : We havent called out what we did in terms of investing in systems for Balanced Rewards and also for people. I would say it wasnt not meaningful, but it wasnt unusually meaningful either. I think the key thing is just if you think back to last September, and all that was going on, not only were we trying to sign up 100 to 200 people a day in loyalty, we were welcoming express scripts customers back. We had all of our competitors that were launching promotional campaigns to try to keep them. This was all in the context of lower overall investment in promotion activity. So I think the thing to watch for is, as Greg said, as we sharpen our focus, make incremental investments, where it makes sense to do so, seeing how we round the horn and what that looks like.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : By using the word investment, I meant hard costs going through SG&A. Lets say programming costs that you couldnt capitalize. I think you have, at least qualitatively, said that that was
Wade Miquelon : There was some of that, but I think the bigger thing, as we alluded to a few quarters ago, is we had some SG&A that was attributed to loyalty sign ups, attributed to express welcome backs, and also to Med D signups. There was still a lot going on at the same time, and that really was important, but in some ways a distraction from taking care of the core customer every day.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : The other part on the SG&A, was there anything unusual in some of the major line items that can kind of swing quarter to quarter? You know, sometimes you hear the healthcare costs or workers comp was particularly good or bad. Was there anything like that this quarter?
Wade Miquelon : You know, theres tons of moving parts under the hood in the way they get treated, but I would say there were no anomalies in this quarter really. I think what you pretty much see is our performance exactly kind of as it was. And as I said before, its kind of more normalized out now the way we run our business, even in the phase period, and then two periods ago, have anomalies in them.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : Okay, so moving on to gross margin, at least versus my expectations, thats where things came up wide. And then sequentially, just looking at your FIFO gross margin, the expansion was about half of last quarters. And Ill give you three buckets: Generics, was the sequential contribution less so in generics? Was it you started ramping up promotions? Or was it also just the flu was so profitable? How would you think about sequentially having less gross margin expansion?
Wade Miquelon : You know, theres probably a little bit of generics. I think youre right. The flu was a big boost in the prior quarter. But theres also a lot of other things going on under the hood that you wont see at the surface. For example, the extent that our pharmacy business outpaced our front end. Our front end has a higher gross margin on average. You get mix effects in that regard. You also have other mix effects from business like specialty that have very little margin, but have had a lot of inflation and therefore to some extent growth.
 :
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : And just on the promotional posture of how the companys going to market, clearly the press release stated that thats going to increase. Was part of that increase during the quarter? Or is that all post quarter? The increase in promotionality.
Wade Miquelon : [crosstalk] back half of May, we started to make some of the tweaks and modifications. Those will continue. Again, were going to be smart about what we do. And were a lot smarter now that we have a lot of loyalty data we didnt have prior.
Greg Wasson : With the lead time in circulars, its mid-May by the time [unintelligible] adjustments.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : And just lastly, on this Alliance Boots trend, on expectations, so its $0.03 of currency. How much is the [unintelligible] in the IFRS to GAAP?
Wade Miquelon : This quarter we were about $0.02 versus the bottom of our range, and that was really IFRS to GAAP adjustments. So it was really no change in how they view their performance, only a change in terms of, as we get into the methodology and the differences in IFRS and GAAP, knowing those. And the $0.01 of currency were predicting for the next quarter. And because theres a three-month lag, we know a lot about next quarter already. Theres still [unintelligible], and so there can be some final adjustments in IFRS and GAAP. But for the most part, things like currency are baked in, so we know that. So thats why were calling that out.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : So in the current quarter, was there any operational [miss] from Alliance Boots?
Wade Miquelon : No, the current quarter they were pretty much right on path. And I think if you look at their equity income reported, its probably pretty close to what weve seen on aggregate with what most of the people here on the phone have modeled.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : But it looks like, given the range for your fiscal year, why is there $0.04? If you had explained $0.03, and you had given a $0.02 to $0.06 range for the year, it sounds like you think Boots could either be a penny above plan, or $0.02 below?
Wade Miquelon : No, were predicting, I think, $0.08 for the next quarter, and we just said that prior we had thought it would be a little higher than that. And the primary driver of difference is foreign exchange. If you look at this quarter, a couple of things. We dont obviously manage to consensus. We manage to our internal target. And I would say if we look there, probably the front end was the key thing that we were working against from our original projections. But if I look kind of externally, I think a couple of things are happening. One is our tax rate is a bit different than was assumed by many, and theres a lot of complexity in that tax rate this quarter.
 :
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : So theres going to be a $0.02 currency hit, based on current currency rates, to your prior expect for the current quarter? Is that right?
Wade Miquelon : In the current quarter we just put out, theres $0.02 difference, and that was primarily almost all IFRS to GAAP adjustments. For the next quarter, Q4, it would be about a penny, which is all currency. And because we have a three month lag, we effectively already know what the currency will be in three months.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets : So for the quarter were in, and I guess Boots is reporting on a lag, so you already know how that ended, how was that quarter operationally? Was there a miss? According to this report, the quarter that youll be reporting, the Q4 quarter that youre reporting, I think Boots already concluded, because theyre reporting with a lag, did that meet expectations?
Wade Miquelon : We know a lot, but if we told you, wed have to kill you. Until we get to next quarter, we cant divulge that. I think what you did see is as you saw the last fiscal year, for Alliance Boots. So hopefully you have confidence that theyve run their business very effectively in a very challenging time. I dont expect that that would change any time soon.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Zach [unintelligible] - Morgan Stanley : Hi, this is Zach [unintelligible] for Ricky Goldwasser. I want to ask first real quick about your gross margin progression going forward. I know youve talked in quite a bit of detail about some of the headwinds being generics and 90 days at retail and Balanced Rewards. Can you talk about any of the tailwinds that we might be seeing, or that you can talk about at a high level, other than synergies from the Alliance Boots deal?
Greg Wasson : Yeah, I think the tailwinds that we have frankly are the price and promotion, and the adjustments were putting into the front end. I think well continue to see more and more people coming in from Medicare Part D plans that weve put in place. I think with healthcare reform, as we talked about, and millions of people coming in gaining insurance coverage, well begin as a company to benefit from that. I think certainly as we continue to gain strength, certainly with the consumer, I think well see lift in our discretionary categories, which is where wed see probably the biggest impact. So thanks for the question. We do think we have ample tailwinds. Were really focused on whats currently in front of us, but we think longer term, and even short term, theres a lot of opportunity behind us.
Zach [unintelligible] - Morgan Stanley : And then within the quarter you received regulatory approval to start buying shares of ABC. Can you comment on if youve started on that, or what your thoughts on that are?
Greg Wasson : We are in the market. We are buying, and beyond that, I cant say much more.
Rick Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-03-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Rick J. Hans  Divisional Vice President-Investor Relations and Finance Greg D. Wasson  President and Chief Executive Officer Wade D. Miquelon  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Steven J. Valiquette  United Bank of Switzerland John E. Heinbockel  Guggenheim Securities Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co. Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital, Inc. Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreens Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode, and later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Bethanie, and good morning, everyone. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO and President International will discuss the quarter and this mornings announcement about our strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen. As a reminder, todays presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q and subsequent filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today I'll begin with a review of the highlights of our results for the quarter, then I will touch on our announcement earlier today on the Walgreens and Alliance Boots strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen and how that carries forward one of our three key strategic growth drivers to create an unprecedented global platform through our Alliance Boots partnership. After that I will turn the call over to Wade for more information on our performance this quarter and details of the Walgreens, Alliance Boots, and AmerisourceBergen announcement. Turning to our overall financial results, were pleased to report a solid quarter with adjusted earnings of $0.96 per diluted share and GAAP diluted EPS of $0.79. With that performance were a number of highlights; first, we had operating cash flow for the second quarter of $1.2 billion and free cash flow coming in at $953 million. Second, our Balance Rewards program continues to show a strong response from our customers with more than 60 million customers enrolled. Third, the Alliance Boots business and synergies are on track with our expectations with accretion to our adjusted EPS of $0.05. Finally, this mornings announcement of our strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen demonstrates how we continue to move forward on our strategy to create a global network for pharmacy lead health and well-being with Alliance Boots. With those highlight, let me recap our financial results this quarter, as we began doing in the fourth quarter of last year, well present our results both in GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. We reported first quarter sales of $18.6 billion virtually identical to the same quarter a year ago, remember that this quarter includes one less day due to last years leap date, and sales also continue to be impacted by the growth in lower cost generic drugs which are for bottom line. GAAP operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $1.2 billion, up 10% from $1.1 billion for the same period last year. Non-GAAP adjusted operating income or EBIT for the quarter was nearly $1.4 billion, up 12.9% from just over $1.2 billion in the second quarter 2012. GAAP net earnings for the quarter were up by 10.7% from $683 million or $0.78 per diluted share last year, the $756 million or $0.79 per diluted share this year. The non-GAAP adjusted net earnings for this quarter were $915 million or $0.96 per diluted share compared to adjusted net earnings of $776 million or $0.88 per diluted share in the same quarter last year. As I mentioned in January, we came into this year with a number of tailwinds and we capitalized on these positive trends in the second quarter. That's especially true in pharmacy which continues to be on the up swing, like Wade Miquelon will review some of these tailwinds. For the multiyear contract with Express Scripts, we saw an increasing percentage of those patients returning to us this quarter. Walgreens is now a preferred drugstore for Medicare Part D plans giving these numbers a financial benefit when they chose Walgreens over our competitors. Our reinvigorated private brands led by nice, delish, and well at Walgreens are driving margin and receiving great feedback from our store managers, while they continue to build momentum with customers. In this month we were cycling last year's change in our promotional strategy that moved us away from predominantly print promotions, instead we are leveraging digital media and our new Balance Rewards loyalty program launched last September. From a global viewpoint, our Alliance Boots strategic partnership is now firmly in place and were already realizing benefits from our procurement joint venture. And now with this mornings early announcement with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen, we're taking another step forward in establishing an unprecedented and efficient global pharmacy led health and well-being network and achieving our vision of becoming the first choice in health and daily living for everyone in America and beyond. Turning to trends in gross profit dollars and SG&A, in the second quarter on a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollar growth increased 4% or $218 million from a year ago. SG&A dollar growth increased $213 million or 5% compared to a year ago. On a non-GAAP basis, gross profit dollar growth after adjusting for the LIFO provision, increased $218 million or 4% year-over-year, driven primarily by growth in generic prescriptions while front-end margins also increased slightly. SG&A dollar growth was up $178 million or 4.2% after adjusting for the Alliance Boots transaction costs, other acquisition related amortization and the USA Drug acquisition related cost. Through the quarter, we continued to make steady progress and executing on the three major strategic drivers we put in place in 2012 to position our Company for long-term growth and value creation. On creating a well experience, this week were opening our newest flagship store in Washington DC, followed by a flagship in the Empire State Building later this month and one in Boston next month. These locations are raising the Walgreens brand in important markets as we continue to drive innovation across our store network. On transforming community pharmacy among other steps we recently formed accountable care organization, part of the national healthcare reform with three leading physician teams in Texas, Florida and New Jersey, and this mornings announcement with Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen was a significant step forward and our third growth driver establishing an efficient global platform. Our new strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen has three main components; a distribution agreement, strategic collaboration and equity alignment. Let me touch on each and then Wade will provide more details. First, our distribution agreement is a long-term tenure contract, it offers expanded service levels and more frequent deliveries and it offers improved economics through a number of operational efficiencies and better rates. The second component, the strategic collaboration gives the supply chain and its procurement benefits, new opportunities for customer and so far our collaborations and for domestic and international growth. Finally, the equity piece of the agreement is designed to align our common interest and allow us to participate in a joint value creation. Let me sum up by saying, we are very pleased with the way customers, patients, and partners are responding to our efforts to help people get stay and live well. We see this in our response in the response to balance rewards, our vaccination and immunization program, our health and wellness initiatives, our innovations and partnerships, and the excitement we continue to generate in our well experienced format. With our partnership with Alliance Boots performing well and producing the expected synergies and a new strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen we announced today, we believe Walgreens is truly on its way to be the first choice in health and daily living for everyone in America and beyond. Thank you, and now let me turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning, I will take you through our quarterly results as well as build on Gregs comments regarding todays announced future relationship between Walgreens, Alliance Boots, AmerisourceBergen. I will also provide greater detail on the 10-year agreement as well as further perspective and why we are confident this relationship unlocks significant opportunities for our company and provide value to our shareholders. Starting with the quarterly results; as Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.79 per diluted share based on 953 million shares. This chart illustrates the walk from GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS for the quarter. The LIFO provision was $0.05 per share. The acquisition related amortization was $0.08 and the Alliance Boots adjusted earnings tax add back was $0.04 for total of $0.12 per share, and finally the special items column had a Net Zero impact on adjusted earnings per share because of the $0.01 of acquisition related costs, and they were offset by a $0.01 gain related to the client retention extra proceeds from the sale of our PBM in 2011, some of these yields and adjusted EPS $0.96 per diluted share for the quarter. Its also worth noting that the quarter this year had one less day than the quarter last year which included leap days February 29. Adjusting for leap day adjusted earnings per share increased over 10% in the quarter rather than the 9.1% that Greg noted. Let me now provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. Keep in mind that our comp store reported on a 28 day basis. Comparable prescription sales decreased 1.2%, comparable front-end sales decreased 1.6%, total comp sales decreased 1.4%, and non-prescription sale increased 5.7% versus a negative 6.1% script comp a year ago. We also note that comparable prescription sales were negative versus the positive scrip comps primarily due to the increase introductions of new generics year-over-year. This slide illustrates the trend of prescription comps for the last 14 quarters that clearly shows the impact on comp stores script numbers in the prior fourth quarters were not part of the Express Scripts networks. As you now Express Scripts customers started returning to our pharmacies in the first quarter. The comp store scripts increased 5.7% in the second quarter, please note that the script comps also included a 1.9% positive impact from a higher incidence of flu this quarter versus a year ago. Next slide shows the trend in Front-end comps for the last 14 quarters. The primary drivers behind the trend in the last four quarter were the impacted the move to rebalance our overall add and emotional spending strategy and the impact of Express Scripts. Our goal of (inaudible) balance between sales and profitable growth using our promotional strategy, as well as our unique Balance Rewards loyalty program. This gives us an additional lever to help find this balance between loyal customer sales and margins. We are pleased to achieve stable margins in the front-end despite a very promotional environment. On a 28 day basis, traffic in the quarter decreased by 4.4%, basket size increased by 2.8%, and the front-end decreased by 1.6%. Keep in mind, we will have to change an overall promotional spend strategy this month, that should help improve the recent comp trend. March comps will also be positively impacted by the ships in Easter from April 8 last year to March 31 this year. Turning to margin, our FIFO gross margin was 30.5% in the current quarter compared with 29.3% last year a 120 basis points improvement. The overall margin was primarily helped my pharmacy, but the front-end also contributed. Pharmacy margins were positively impacted by generics, front-end margins were positively impacted by OTC drugs, personal care and household products, but these benefits were partially offset by the increase in points accruing as we ramp up our loyalty program. Front-end margins were also negatively impacted by the e-commerce mix effects. Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, it is important to note this quarter's 120 basis point improvement builds on 20 basis point increase a year ago, and the improvement this quarter is similar to last year, both quarters a testament to the benefit of generics introductions this fiscal year. Front-end benefit to margin did move from neutral to positive sequentially, and also note the 4% improvement in FIFO gross profit dollar growth, which is much better than the 0.1% growth last quarter, and a 1.5% growth in the quarter a year ago. This illustrates our two year stacked SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last nine quarters. The next slide shows the trend on an adjusted basis. Three year stack adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago to 7.9% growth in the second quarter of 2013, down from the 11.6% last year. To get to adjusted SG&A dollar growth, we could see there are reported SG&A dollar growth and 5% included 30 basis points of Walgreens amortization and 50 basis points of acquisition related costs, which result in adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 4.2%. This illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past ten quarters on a GAAP basis. And the next slide shows the trend on an adjusted basis. Adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased from a positive 0.1% in the first quarter to a positive 4% in the second quarter. The trend in adjusted gross profit dollar growth data shows a benefit from members of Express Scripts plans returning to our stores, combined with an increase in the mix of generic drugs. While on the same construct this slide shows the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past 10 quarters on a GAAP basis. and the next slide shows them on an adjusted basis. As I discussed in the SG&A walk earlier, the adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 4.2%, an increase from the 2.5% adjusted SG&A dollar growth reported in the first quarter. Keep in mind that the adjusted SG&A dollar growth rate of 4.2% also includes a few other non-comparable expenses as the operating expense related to the USA Drug acquisition and further expenses to sign up Balance Rewards numbers among other items as well. Focusing on our income statement for a moment, this quarter included a LIFO provision of $72 million, the same amount as the year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 2.75%, up from 2.5% a year ago. Net interest expense was $23 million, including the impact of the Alliance Boots acquisition and interest and income associated with delayed payments by a state Medicaid payer. Our effective tax rate was 36.6% versus 37.3% last year. and average diluted shares outstanding were 953 million shares versus 875 million shares last year and again, this increases primarily due to shares issued for the Alliance Boots investments. Cash and cash equivalents were $2.4 billion at February 28 versus $1.1 billion a year ago. Overall, working capital decreased by 5.4% versus a year ago; accounts receivable decreased by 1.1% while accounts payable increased by 4.4% and inventories decreased 1.3%. Total FIFO inventory increased by 2.5% in the quarter versus a negligible percent increase in total sales. FIFO inventories on a per store basis were flat. During the second quarter, we generated $1.2 billion in cash from operations versus $1 billion a year ago. Cash flow in the quarter benefitted from the timing of $300 million employee profit share and contribution, which occurred in February last year that occurred in March this year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $953 million versus $753 million a year ago. And keep in mind; we also raised the dividend over 22% this year, $0.275 per share per quarter. Let me now transition to our accretion for the quarter as a result of the partnership with Alliance Boots. Second quarter accretion was $0.05 per share in line with $0.04 to $0.06 range we forecasted last quarter. We are reconfirming our estimates throughout the $0.30 per share in the third quarter and now into $0.10 for the fourth quarter. The next slide illustrates the synergy dollars, the amortization adjustments and the equity earnings that comprise $0.05 of accretion. As shown, we have realized $25 million before tax and synergies during the second quarter and $15 million after tax. We expect synergies to ramp during the second half of our fiscal year and we remain comfortable with our $100 million to $150 million combined synergy goal for fiscal 13. Amortization adjustments amounted to $23 for the deal amortization and $12 million for the brand amortization. After tax Alliance Boots equity earnings were $85 million for the second quarter on a GAAP basis. Adjusted basis, the income from affiliate was $120 million as noted here and the incremental after-tax, interest expense to Walgreens was $13 million after the cost to share dilution; the accretion equaled $0.05 in the second quarter. Now let me take a few minutes to speak about our announcements this morning regarding the strategic long-term relationship with AmerisourceBergen. I would like to fully express my enthusiasm for this agreement and what it means with respect to the various opportunities that it brings us. As Greg outlined earlier, this relationship has three components; distribution agreement, strategic collaboration, and equity alignment. Let me first describe the detailed structure of the agreement. First and foremost, Walgreens is committing to a 10 year comprehensive pharmacy distribution agreement with AmerisourceBergen. The strategic collaboration with allow broad international reach and significant knowledge sharing opportunities to create efficiencies and design programs to improve access to pharmaceuticals or healthcare providers or life. So aligning interest in strengthening the long-term relationship was underlined, we together have been granted the right to purchase a minority equity position in AmerisourceBergen. We are getting this right, but not the obligation to purchase up to 7% of this fully diluted equity of AmerisourceBergen in the open market. We have established a joint venture with Alliance Boots that we intend to fund over time, there will be an efficient vehicle to purchase and hold these shares. In addition, AmerisourceBergen has granted to Walgreens and Alliance Boots equity warrants exercisable for 16% in the aggregate of the fully diluted equity of AmerisourceBergen. First launch representing 8% of the fully diluted equity of AmerisourceBergen and strike price of $51.50; it will be exercisable for six months period beginning in March 2016. The second reward had a strike price of $53.50 it will be exercisable for six month period beginning in March 2017. Walgreens and Alliance Boots had agreed not to acquire additional equity of AmerisourceBergen under the terms of the standstill agreement. But Walgreens executive will be appointed to AmerisourceBergen's board upon Walgreens and Alliance Boots together acquiring a 5% equity stake. But Alliance Boots executive will be appointed upon exercise in full of the first one. These new board fleets will add to AmerisourceBergens current nine member board. The 10 year comprehensive distribution agreement will be positive to earnings and cash flow from operations. The agreement is market based and is expected to be modestly accretive in fiscal year 14 adjusted earnings. The working capital was negotiated to essentially have a neutral impact to both parties, specifically the reduction in inventory days at Walgreens, will largely be offset by the decrease in accounts payable days over time. The operational benefits for Walgreens will include enhanced supply chain with daily delivery. Synergies will also contribute to earnings and cash flow from operations in fiscal 14 and they are expected to build in subsequent years. Likewise the equity investment will drive dividend income in fiscal year 14 and beyond. To summarize, the financial benefits for both Walgreens and Alliance Boots to begin in the first year are improved commercial agreement rates, synergies and dividend income that arrives from the investment. Beginning in year three, the Walgreens and Alliance Boots JV also expect an incremental financial benefit from the equity income. As we stated in our announcement this transaction is structured to enable all three organizations, to work together on programs to improve service levels and efficiencies and benefit from available synergies. To wrap up the day, I would like to revisit our fiscal year 2016 goals for the combined Walgreens, Alliance Boots equity. We are not changing our goals. We want to clarify that the agreement we announced today to provide operating income, synergies, and operating cash flow benefit is accretive to our prior plans. We continue to believe that this partnership will reward our stakeholders who will deliver significant synergies and have mutual capabilities and change strategic landscape in the U.S., Europe and other geographies around the world. The business performance objectives are meeting our expectations and are on track to meet our first year synergy target. And now the new strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen, we are well positioned as leaders in the rapidly changing global healthcare environment. In that context, we had reaffirmed our combined stated goals for fiscal 2016 of $130 billion of revenue, $9.5 billion of adjusted operating income or $8.5 billion to $9 billion on a U.S. GAAP basis. The combined synergy goal of $1 billion with a $100 million to $150 million in fiscal year 13 combined synergy goals, $8 billion of operating cash flow and given the strong cash flow trends at both Walgreens and Alliance Boots, we believe that with a 7% investment in AmerisourceBergen, we still need to combine net debt goal of $11 billion or less. In summary, we are on a journey, a journey to alter the global landscape in pharmacy led health and well-being and create significant shareholder value along the way. With our partners, Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen, the opportunity before us are limitless and combined capabilities are unmatched. Thank you and we appreciate your interest in our company. And with that, I will turn the microphone back over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of United Bank of Switzerland. Your line is open.
Steven J. Valiquette  United Bank of Switzerland: All right, thanks, good morning. Hey, just a question on the gross margin, once again looks pretty strong in this quarter. And obviously there is some seasonalities that kind of jump from the holiday related quarters to the non-holidays. Im just curious, I know you dont like to give guidance, but to the extent, youve kind of shifted from LIFO to FIFO gross margins. Should we assume the same sort of seasonal progression of gross margins on a FIFO basis that we kind of saw previously on LIFO, just any sort of general color along those lines will kind of help? Thanks.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah. I mean, weve got couple of things, one is, we are very focused on margin, I think in the front-end even though weve had combined profits. I think weve been able to do very good job of improving profitable mix. On pharmacy, youre seeing some of the benefit of generics, but also Id say a real focus I think at the end of the day, we will keep looking to improve margin opportunities, but really again I focus on our gross profit dollar growth versus our SG&A dollar growth and being able to continue to widen that spread. And I think you see now for the first time since the Express Scripts dispute. It was actually crossed back over into positive territory and I expect that momentum to build.
Steven J. Valiquette  United Bank of Switzerland: Okay, in that previous guidance you gave a line that is kind of unchanged on a FIFO basis versus what you gave on a LIFO basis previously. Is that just to confirm that, is that correct?
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, so, I mean obviously LIFO to FIFO you never really know until you get the various price increases and things that flows through. I think LIFO was very indicative though over the way we do run our business.
Steven J. Valiquette  United Bank of Switzerland: Okay.
Greg D. Wasson: Again I think, with all the things I mentioned we should be able to have nice solid gross profit margin or SG&A dollar growth.
Steven J. Valiquette  United Bank of Switzerland: Okay, thanks. And congrats on the ABC deal as well. Thanks.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks. We appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
John E. Heinbockel  Guggenheim Securities: Just a couple of things on the Amerisource deal, your comment about working capital, is that neutral to the system or neutral to you?
Greg D. Wasson:  Its relatively neutral to the system and to us, but over time working together we should both be able to get additional efficiencies and drive additional days of inventory out of it. So, I think there is probably upside results as we work together. But its relatively neutral to the system and its been balanced, so it is relatively to both parties with some exceptions at the initial startup phase.
John E. Heinbockel  Guggenheim Securities: Okay. And then the idea is modestly accretive in 14, is that including some one-time cost and then how do you think that generally ramps up in 2015?
Greg D. Wasson: There should be very modest one-time costs, so by and largely accretive and modestly accretive including those. But the key thing here is, were going to have  today if I really have three distributors and when we think about it, weve had AmerisourceBergen, we take cardinal event ourselves. Were streamlining all of that into one and generic volume is very, very significant and so that will be faced in overtime. And as we face that in and get that up to speed, thats were there is additional opportunities, significant opportunities for both party.
John E. Heinbockel  Guggenheim Securities: All right. And then lastly, when we look at the front-end and script count as well, if you look at  February was it look like it was somewhat impacted by macro both the pharmacy and front-end, maybe your take on that as we kind of got into this year with payroll tax and what have you and did you still think in terms of getting positive on traffic at the front-end thats still likely to be laagered relative to average tick I assume. Do you think we will see positive traffic by the end of the fiscal year?
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah John, Greg. Yeah, I would I guess agree with your comments to begin with the stories of macro trends in February and certainly in March as we said, we got an early Easter, so we probably know more by the time we come through April, but as far as the front-end certainly as Wade said, we are focused on shifting that promotional strategy from (inaudible) to some of the new media opportunities. And I think were working to balance both traffic and basket size. I think certainly we want to have both  as I said we are lapping to change in that new strategy beginning actually last month, but we are focused now on really reinvesting some of that margins that we are picking up from a private brand from our Balance Rewards program to focus on traffic. So we want a little more balance going forward and we think we should be able to achieve that. Whether thats in the fiscal year or not, we dont want to give guidance, but we think we can achieve that.
John E. Heinbockel  Guggenheim Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thanks a lot and good morning. A couple of questions, first of all, if you think about the cadence of Express reclination, talk about all the progressing relative to your planning, given that youre almost through the first 90 day cycle of the calendar year, what kind of build you think you might see beyond the calendar first quarter.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, Matt again we kind of focus on comps versus just the Express Scripts, but I think were good about our comps and the win back were seeing. I think that it certainly is to the earlier call, the macro environment February is tightened up a little bit post Boots events, but I think we feel very good with where we are, were on track, and we feel good about our pharmacy comps going forward.
Wade D. Miquelon:  Apart from being able to, we continue to win back that business which we are, we also feel very good about the ability to keep growing this proportionally our share of Part D, we were  go ahead Im sorry, Matt.
Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  No you just go ahead Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think were just seeing very nice gains, we are expecting those continue to grow throughout the year as people switch into a preferred plan with Walgreens.
Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood, just a quick follow-up question on the Amerisource deal, if you think about the investments you make down the road, what were the cash needs to be able to fund those, and whats your expectation for how you pay for it.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well over the next immediate period we have the ability to purchase up to 7% and that will be at the market price, so that will be whatever it will be. As I said before though the fact that both Walgreens and Alliance Boots we have been exceeding our cash flow targets, and we believe that we will over that period be able to continue to exceed, and in fact still be on track with $11 billion net debt or better even with that investment the warrants will be a separate investment, when you got the strike prices, and youve got the time and again we have the right to purchase those, but not the obligation so if we go down the road here we can reassess what makes sense at that time.
Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co.: So most likely, cash on hand and incremental free cash flow or would you see, its going back to the debt markets to the bank line to fund this at all?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think we can do it internally, at least for the first piece 7%?
Matthew J. Fassler  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co.: Good morning. Two questions for you, first of all, Greg youve commented a little bit, of the evolving front-end and certainly I understand what youve done over the last year, but curious how the front-end strategy is evolving with regards to promotions also curious in terms of the new store format, what the strategy is in terms of what we made out broadly, obviously weve had a change in merchandise leadership or going through that right now. But give us an update of how all of those debts are evolving?
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, Eric. Maybe, Ill start with your last one first. As far as the change in the leadership, certainly our strategy has not changed, will not change. We feel very good with our well experienced format as you referred to; were in over 400 stores. Were certainly still in pilot learn and enhance, but we feel good with, how were going forward with that the customer response, which is kind of the leading indicator is very good, which tells us that were moving in the right direction. There are a lot of things that we feel very good about, theyre working well. There are some things we want to continue to tweak, but I think youll see that continue to evolve and expand. as far as our front-end, I think we feel very good with the adjustments and the opportunities that we have, Eric, as I said before, a shift from primarily print, advertising and a lot of spend in that area to leverage and utilize more digital media in our Balance Rewards program, thats a big strategic shift. We actually feel good as far as how we move. But there is opportunity to look at ways to reinvest on that margin that we have, to make sure that we continue to focus on driving traffic and thats what were doing. I think the luxury we have is the fact that our private brand strategy is doing extremely well, which is obviously delivering margin that we generally invest.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co.: And then secondly with the ABC deal this morning, obviously youve got a lot going on with Boots especially with on the purchasing side, and I am just curious how youre going to balance the effort with ABC along with combining those two businesses. It seems you put a lot on your plate especially within purchasing before we think of these other things. Can you talk a little bit about the bandwidth to execute on what becomes sort of a growing list of things to get accomplished?
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, I think it is a fair question. In fact that we believe that actually it will become easier for us as Wade said, were actually moving from three to (inaudible) down to one, but I think when we look at certainly our three key objectives, I think we have a real focus in the organization in driving those three key objectives. I think secondly with our partnership with Alliance Boots, and where we are and being on track with that, we feel good there. I think when we began to explore our strategic opportunities for our US supply chain with our exploration of our contract we looked at a lot of different options. And frankly this was the most compelling strategic and financial option that we had. And with AmerisourceBergens expertise, Alliance Boots expertise, we actually think it can enhance our supply chains and frankly simplify and ease some of the work that weve been doing in the past with self distributing. And so we have also established our JVs and our collaborative efforts in bringing them into the fold as a partner that is really, I would argue was not more work, its just going to complement and augment what we are already doing.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Co.: Thank you.
Greg D. Wasson:  Thanks, Eric.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi good morning. Could you maybe go through the global nature?
Greg D. Wasson: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Of the transaction with AmerisourceBergen and how this works for the Boots side of things, and then if you are shifting to more generic sourcing, doesnt this kind of get entangled with that synergy target that you have laid out? And it sounds like your goals here are not incremental to or they are incremental to the synergy targets you have given us, maybe explain how that interaction works for the generics?
Greg D. Wasson: They are incremental and with respect to the international collaboration, efficiency work for example, our JV and our employees there will be working with AmerisourceBergen people, and again we expect incremental benefits for both us and for them and our benefits will be spilt with our partners; Alliance Boots and separately on the other global work. the Alliance Boots folks are working with them to identify various opportunities, whether it would be expansion of specialty overseas, [3PO], free wholesaling and others and we fee there is a lot of opportunities overtime, and as those get more firmed up, I am sure we will share more details.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just on a separate topic, how do you expect the script gains from the preferred Part D networks to really start to build as the year progresses, and how much were they on the quarter for script volume?
Greg D. Wasson: We havent dissected the quarter, but we did see nice gains in January as people switched into plans where Wallgreens isnt preferred, and what we usually see, we saw the year prior is that throughout the year as Part D people are made aware the benefits they can get by going to a preferred pharmacy within that network. We tend to see gains all year long as well. I have to mention the 12,000 people a day which are entering into Part D and getting into a plan, and hopefully disproportionately into a plan that has Wallgreens and/or is preferred by us.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Greg D. Wasson:  Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meredith Adler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, Im trying to understand sort of the mechanics of the relationship with AmerisourceBergen, are they going to take over operating your distribution centers, will those distribution centers ever support their independent or other customers I mean, are you really merging the two supply chain networks or is it not going to be like that?
Wade D. Miquelon: Reflectively they may be like some of our generic distribution assets, but they will get the large benefits by integrating broadly into their supply chain, a lot of our distribution centers have a generic distribution upon in our front-end components, so weve got actually lots of volumes still there, and a lot of opportunities to reallocate resources, but broadly they will be taking this volume into their system to get the full scale and efficiencies, and be able to deliver three lines of business task versus just one prior or three lines from three different distributors to include ourselves as one.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital, Inc.: It sounds like they were very anxious to do this business, obviously there were many, many layers and pieces to the benefits of this, its all very interesting, and just talking about the most supply chain contract, it seems like because you have been shipping generic drugs on your own trucks for your shipping front-end products, isnt it just less efficient for them to be the one that ships that product.
Greg D. Wasson: Well Meredith its Greg, keep in mind that they deliver daily, which is obviously it improves the service level that we have in our sources we go direct in most cases once a week, I think that the opportunity, think about it this way, Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen are experts in pharmaceutical supply chain distribution. Were very good at it, but the combination of what they both do to improve our supply chain, take that off of our hand and improve our service levels is really the opportunity that were excited about.
Wade D. Miquelon: And its they can probably do  rather than do brand deliveries and separate from our generic deliveries, they can tolerate brand generic and on specialty into one shipment, which has lots of positive implications for us and lot of efficiencies and aggregate for every one.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Well, congratulations, its very, very interesting transactions and
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks, Meredith.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital, Inc.: I will turn it over to somebody else.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks Meredith.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: All right, good morning guys. Congratulations on new deal.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks Ed.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: I have a question for you related to this along with the original synergy target with Alliance Boots; I think it was kind of ask maybe, kind of different way still kind of unclear to me, practically how does this impact the cap share of the generic procurement synergy that you actually talked about. Ive asked that question because you had control, I guess in the past right over your own generic purchasing, youre going to combine that with Alliance Boots, and its clear as to how you benefit from that scale. But I think youre transferring that control to a more synergys program, its just unclear to me, how all this is going to work and how it flows through into the income statement of the companies.
Wade D. Miquelon: We are not transferring control is back to  our JV which is set up and working and will continue to work, and it will work on behalf of our partner effectively as well. And we do see that these benefits are going to be incremental the components for us, but also incremental to them. And so again, we will maintain control on this, a lot of those benefits on our side will flow through our JV structure, which then gets split, and then cycles a little bit because of the 45% ownership that we have in Alliance Boots, but at the end of the day, we will see that this will bring incremental value for us and clearly incremental value to AmerisourceBergen as well.
Greg D. Wasson: Ed in essence we are bringing new board of buying volumes from AmerisourceBergen into the Alliance Boots to Wallgreens, venture that we have said we have established.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Is there upside to that initial synergy target or is that upside captured and the better pricing is this deal?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, there is upside to the synergy target. Commercial agreement is very separate. The commercial agreement stands on its own.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay.
Wade D. Miquelon: Compared to a distribution agreement and we feel that its a good agreement and better than we have today for a lots of reasons not only costs but will be service level, the deliveries its also a market fair and good deal for AmerisourceBergen. And again by having going from effectively three distributes to one, it provides opportunities for both parties to gain. But this agreement is really separate from that.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. And then just one other question for you; on SG&A, this quarter a little bit higher than we thought it was going to be. If we and you have been talking in the past, Wade about looking at your stacks, so if we think about to your stack today and we carried out forward to the second half. It looks like you could see SG&A dollars up like 9% plus. So I guess the first question is that, right, the right way to think about it. And then secondly, if that is right, can you still grow gross profit dollars faster than that in the back half?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah. A couple of things; one is our SG&A this quarter had some, outside of what we can call adjusted have some anomalies. We had some further investments in loyalty, we had some from M&A which adds SG&A on top of that from a growth point of view, but sheer gross profit as well and then there was actually some other one-time items there we didnt call out, so we actually felt pretty good about our SG&A this quarter. I think the thing to look at is, the SG&A versus gross profit dollar growth, which both, gross profit dollar becomes easier in the back-end too. So its that spread separately, our sustainable model has always been to have kind of organic SG&A growth of 3.5% to 4.5% on any period, 1.5% to 2% thats driven by new stores. And I think on a two-year stack basis over time, that models will still be as relevant as the one before.
Edward J. Kelly  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks and good morning.
Greg D. Wasson: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning too. Kind of piggyback on Merediths question, just logistically, over time with the AmerisourceBergen contract, is there still going to be some cross-docking of branded drugs or are they going to basically over time be going to Walgreen stores directly on a daily basis?
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah. Andy, let me go on to the stores on a daily basis, thats a big part of the opportunity as the improved service levels frankly and over time, I think also as Wade mentioned, certainly if theres opportunity to leverage some of the space that we have in the DC, thats committed to pharmacy warehousing. It also frees up capacity with our existing distribution centers for our front-end products as well. But yeah, well be leveraging their ability to come to the stores on a daily basis.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And the second part of that question is, daily delivery really from my view, can really increase your in-stack rates particularly around specialty drugs. So can you discuss what the long-term, as more of the pharmaceutical market and the value of the pharmaceutical market moves to specialty drugs? Is that sort of the underlying or part of the underlying reason for this agreement long-term strategically?
Greg D. Wasson: Loved that question, Andy, yes. I think that the opportunity to leverage that daily delivery for all medications, but even in particular high cost specialty medications. So that patients can access their trusted community pharmacists as they have known for years to pick up a special message, a huge opportunity. One of the things that really excites me, intrigues me is obviously of the wholesalers in the U.S., AmerisourceBergen absolutely elites in specialty sector. So we think theres a lot of opportunity to work together to provide new and innovative solutions for specialty. The other thing thats intriguing with AmerisourceBergen is their focus on health systems and in patients meds in fact, as you know, were working a lot of major health systems without patient pharmacy as well. So theres a lot of opportunities along those lines, Andy.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And just lastly, shifting to the kind of the Balance Rewards program and the membership strong numbers, what can you talk about usage rates and other trending versus expectations and just a color around that, its a very ambitious program, not just for Walgreens but I think what weve seen in the country?
Greg D. Wasson:  Yeah. I mean I think weve been, I guess its really been a heavy ramp up base with more than 60 million members in very large, lets say majority of our sales now on the card, its really that investment phases, as they are long, the magic now comes with redemption. And that we have a critical math that people signed up or a critical math of purchases, people are getting significant number of points that they can use. It becomes about redemption turning now to delay. And thats what I think, Greg, were running the online promotion. But to some extent to were also exiting the build phase on loyalty. And thats why we see that as a win going forward.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, Andy, Wade in here, I think of this as obviously a new currency that it takes a while for people to understand the value of that and as they build points and then begin to redeem them, they begin to understand the value of that currency especially in the economic climate like we have today. And thats where we are beginning to see gaining momentum and we feel will really help us with the traffic in the front-end as we go forward.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. I mean because a lot of the behavior youre trying to get is lot towards like accumulate the points as to get, people to buy a certain product, and that is a different kind of modality I think than a typical loyalty card. And so thats what I was asking, is that on trend or the CPG partners getting what they want out of that, whether its trail of a new product, or thats what I was asking may be, shed some light.
Wade D. Miquelon: Again like anything obviously there is some learning and start-ups that what I would say is that the loyalty card holders are  the feedback is very, very positive in terms of the program and increasing the ability to understand it. So I think we feel that were in a very good spot there. As we continue to tweak and refine in terms of what will motivate people, how do we make the CPG dollars, and others, and money go as far as possible. In fact there are some refining and tweaks but I think directionally we are on a good track and we know where were going to take this over time.
Greg D. Wasson: And specifically to your question, Andy, were encouraged by the basket size unless that were seeing with lot of the floating numbers.
Andrew P. Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: Okay.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks very much. And good morning.
Greg D. Wasson: Good morning.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just had two quick questions. First, just wondering Wade, was there any benefit in the quarter to gross margin from your purchasing synergies now that you have the purchasing alliance with Alliance Boots?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, there is about $25 million of total combined synergies of which the purchasing piece was a big piece right, and of course without all the nuance detail on the form because of our JV and because of our present ownership whatever, its a little complex in terms of how it flows right back to the company. So yes, there was, again, we have $100 million to $150 million run rate this quarter. Again, I guess that was sort of $25 million, thats building very quickly. So we expect a very nice pickup here in the back half. In part, because there is the P&L timing, when we get the cash benefit, its different from some of those that actually flows through our inventory and through our accounting.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then my second question has to do with ACA, as we start thinking about exchanges and calendar 2014 and we think about relationships with exchanges. Can you talk about how you anticipate those will be set up to you? Will the rates be the same as we see in commercial markets? So therefore, if you have a relationship with a large managed care entity it will just get the increase in that volume. It would be my first question. And then secondly, what are your thoughts and anticipation around Medicaid, whether its fee-for-service Medicaid or direct Medicaid increases and what that will do for reinvestment as we start thinking about 2014?
Greg D. Wasson: Lisa, I think a lot of that certainly is unknown at this time, although were beginning to see things take shape. I believe that the first half its really community pharmacy has and were certainly looking forward to do as to help people understand, educate and navigate to help the government locate folks who are eligible. I think secondly as far as participation in networks, I think youll see all the above. I think youll see some preferred networks like you are with Medicaid Part D. Then certainly we want to leverage our existing relationships with to participate. Medicaid, I think with the expansion in Medicaid, were interesting to see how states respond. I think in fact see maybe  potentially you may see more move into managed plans. But there again, I think we intend to work with them in whatever way or former fashion theyre looking to go forward with its preferred opportunity or not, at least one (inaudible) at the ACA its even though a lot of its unknown, its kind of unfolding before eyes. I think theres really two positive dynamics embedded in it for us as a community pharmacy. Number one is the fact that similar to Medicare Part D, individuals want to go where they want to go, and so when there is a dynamics that allows people to choose what they want, we typically more times in that are able to be a provider to people that want to go to Walgreen.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Greg D. Wasson: Thats a good dynamic. I think the second thing is by the nature of this overtime, well be looking to reduce the overall cost of healthcare for the patients and community pharmacy, being more generic utilization, be it for preventing things that we can do on the front line, screenings, compensations, a variety of things, we will deliver for that. So we can  we will expect to be fairly compensated for what we do because the levers that we can pull to reduce the overall cost of that are significant well beyond just the cost of the drug.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Secondly.
Wade D. Miquelon: Kelly, I think both the plans and the government understands that finding, educating this population to help them find plans that work for them is going to be even more difficult than the seniors.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: And in
Wade D. Miquelon: Okay, go ahead.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Am I also correct though Wade and Greg in thinking about this that you have leverageable fixed cost today that you probably have excess capacity in most of your stores, but this should be all of this increase in volumes, there shouldnt be a lot of incremental cost on your side to bring these on, and therefore if the pharmacy of choices is Walgreens that youre going to see this increase in volumes without a lot of increase in cost of finding the patients and ringing them on the doors, is that the right way to think about it?
Greg D. Wasson:  I think to some degree thats true, I thought youre going to say, are we looking into variable pricing, and the answer is no but yeah, for sure, some will be incremental, but also there will also be some shipments of those from mid and small employers maybe others that chose to go in different way and push people to exchanges and from that managed points by zero some gains.
Lisa C. Gill  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. I appreciate the comments.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks Lisa.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer portion of todays call, Id like to turn it back to Rick Hans for any closing statements.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder the company will report March sales on Wednesday, April 03. We will report our third quarter 2013 results on June 25. Again thank you for your time today and please feel free to follow-up if you have any further questions. Good bye for now.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference. You all may disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-12-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Gregory D. Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and President of International
Analysts: John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreen First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Rick Hans. Please go ahead.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, CFO and President International, will update you on the quarter. Also joining us on the call and available for questions are Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy; and Mark Wagner, President of Store Operations. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and the podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing and subsequent Exchange acts filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I'll begin with a review of our results for the quarter. Second, I'll discuss key indicators that show strengthening in our underlying business. And finally, I'll provide an update on our direction and progress on our 3 key strategic growth drivers: delivering a Well Experience, transforming community pharmacy and creating an unprecedented global platform through our Alliance Boots partnership. After that, I'll turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed review of our performance this quarter and key considerations for the rest of fiscal 2013. Turning to our overall financial results. In many respects, this quarter was a turning point for us. To look at our business on an apples-to-apples basis, we have a number of nonoperational items to discuss with you this quarter, the most significant of which is the reporting of results from our investment in Alliance Boots on a 1-quarter reporting lag rather than a 1-month lag period. While Wade will take you through these accounting impacts in detail later in the call, we want to underscore that we're seeing a strengthening of our core business: first, the increasing pace of return of Express Scripts customers as reflected in the substantial upswing in our comp scripts; second, the improvement in our gross profit margins in the first quarter versus a year ago, primarily due to the impact of generics; third, the significant progress we're making on a number of key initiatives, including our Balance Rewards loyalty program, our flu shot program and other vaccinations and the increased penetration of private brands. Finally, we are pleased with the business performance of our strategic partner, Alliance Boots and are also on track to meet our first year synergy targets with them. As we initiated last quarter, we'll present our results on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. As you saw in our release this morning, we reported first quarter sales of $17.3 billion, down 4.6% from $18.2 billion a year ago. GAAP operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $705 million, down 21.7% compared to $900 million at the same time last year. Adjusted operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $924 million, down 8.1% from just over $1 billion in first quarter 2012. GAAP net earnings for the quarter were $413 million or $0.43 per diluted share compared to $554 million or $0.63 per diluted share last year. Adjusted net earnings for the quarter were $553 million or $0.58 per diluted share compared to adjusted net earnings of $619 million or $0.71 per diluted share in the same quarter last year. One final note. As you saw this morning, we are adopting a 1-quarter reporting lag for investment in Alliance Boots, which resulted in dilution of $0.07 to adjusted EPS in the first quarter compared with an estimated accretion of $0.03 to adjusted EPS had we used the previously announced 1-month lag. This is intended to align the audit requirements for the investment and more efficiently address regulatory and audit considerations. This does not affect the underlying equity income and synergies we anticipate in the first 12 months since August 2, 2012, when we completed our initial 45% investment in Alliance Boots, but it does impact the quarterly and fiscal year timing in which we report the equity income and a portion of the synergies. In the first quarter, on a GAAP basis, our gross profit dollar growth was down 0.1% or $5 million from a year ago. SG&A dollar growth increased $194 million or 4.6% compared to a year ago. Gross profit dollar growth after adjusting for the LIFO provision increased $5 million year-over-year. This was a $187 million improvement from the previous quarter. SG&A dollar growth was up $104 million or 2.5% after adjusting for costs related to the USA Drug acquisition and Hurricane Sandy. To give you a sense of the impact of the hurricane on our operations, at the peak of the storm, 750 of our drugstores in nearly 15 states experienced service interruptions. As a result of the incredible efforts of our employees, who worked nonstop despite hardships of their own, within a week, the vast majority of those stores were open and serving our customers. I want to thank all of our employees in the affected states for their tremendous dedication to our customers, Walgreens and to each other. Now because we are self-insured, we recorded $30 million of expense this quarter for charges related to Hurricane Sandy, which primarily included inventory write-downs and the closure of 2 stores. Additionally, we made meaningful investments in staffing and marketing to support our Balance Rewards launch, Express Scripts win-back and Medicare Part D annual enrollment support. As a result, we narrowed the gap in the quarter between our adjusted gross profit dollar growth and adjusted SG&A dollar growth by $22 million over the previous quarter. With these results, we showed improvement in several key areas of our business during the quarter. First, we saw an increase in comparable scripts of 320 basis points relative to the previous quarter and have continued to see meaningful progress so far in December. Second, gross profit margins improved by 130 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. Third, front-end margins remained firm year-over-year even as we invested in our Balance Rewards loyalty program. Fourth, we saw a year-over-year increase in our gross profit dollar growth in our pharmacy business for the first time since leaving the Express Scripts network on January 1. Finally, as I mentioned, we saw the gap between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth narrow in the quarter. We believe all these indicators show the strength of underlying business as we begin the new calendar year. In the past 3.5 years, and as you know, we've undertaken one of the most significant strategic and operational transformations in our company's history. Today, we have in place 3 major strategic growth drivers that we believe position our company for long-term growth and value creation. First, we are delivering the complete Well Experience by transforming the customer experience across all of our touch points, channels and formats. Our second growth driver is transforming the role a community pharmacy plays in health care by offering unparalleled access to innovative, high-quality, affordable health and wellness services within our communities. And third, we're creating an unprecedented global platform, becoming the first global pharmacy-led health and wellbeing enterprise through our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots. Through the quarter, we continued to take meaningful steps to advance each of these strategic growth drivers, and let me give you some of those highlights. As we roll out Well Experience, we're stepping out of the traditional drugstore format, giving the customer a whole new experience from leading-edge design, enhanced assortment and multichannel options, all intended to maximize customer delight. We're pleased with the performance in these stores and the response we're getting from customers. In fact, in our Chicago and Indianapolis stores, customer delight, the metric we use to determine satisfaction, is running above our expectations and goals in the most recent monthly survey. We now have more than 400 Well Experience stores in communities around the country, as we've brought the new format into Arizona and Florida. In addition, we opened our newest flagship stores this quarter in the Bucktown neighborhood of Chicago and on Sunset and Vine in Hollywood, California, our 8,000th store. We also build on the momentum of our loyalty program launch. Through 3 months, we're extremely pleased with our progress. We now have a new kind of currency in place that will help drive our front-end business. To date, more than 45 million people have signed up for Balance Rewards, and nearly 60% of Daily Living sales were on the card. Millions of members have collected enough points to treat themselves for free rewards, and more than 2.5 million people have already redeemed points. Finally, nearly 80% of members surveyed have told us, they're delighted with the simplicity of the program, how easy it is to sign up and use in stores, online and with their mobile phones. We also continue to expand our product offerings across all of our stores with expanded grocery items and fresh food selections. We've enhanced our beauty departments with an array of niche and prestige brands not found in traditional drugstores and continued to roll out upscale-look boutiques in specific markets across the country. We're also seeing significant momentum in our private brands. We've invested heavily in our own brands, including Walgreens, Delish, Nice! and many more, and year-over-year private brand penetration in our front-end sales improved 200 basis points to 22%. In my 32 years, I've never seen our store managers as excited as they are now about our private brand offering. Turning to our second growth driver: transforming the role that community pharmacy plays in health care. We continue to focus on bringing convenient, affordable health care solutions to our communities across the country. As you know, a solid proof point that America values the additional services offered by a community pharmacy has been our leading -- industry-leading flu shot program. Through the end of the quarter, we provided more than 5 million flu shots, exceeding last year's level, with strong demand to date in December. We are right in the midst of this year's cough and cold, flu season, and the Centers for Disease Control is projecting the worst flu season in 10 years. We're moving beyond flu shots into adult, child and travel vaccinations and are very pleased with our performance, as we posted a year-over-year improvement in the first quarter of more than 100%. While we participate in almost all Medicare Part D plans, we were better positioned for this year's open enrollment period, which ended last week, because Walgreens has been chosen as a preferred provider for 3 of the top 5 Medicare Part D health plans: United Health, Humana and Coventry. These preferred arrangements help seniors who are our existing Medicare patients with lower copays and give patients who transfer their prescriptions to Walgreens the same opportunities to lower their medication cost. As we grow our core business, we also look for opportunities to participate in industry consolidation and file buys to transform the role we play in health care. In the quarter, we announced the purchase of a significant ownership stake in the parent company of Cystic Fibrosis Services, a specialty pharmacy that provides medications and treatment support for the cystic fibrosis community. We also continue to co-locate our Take Care nurse practitioners together with our pharmacy teams in many of our stores to expand our services even further to acute and primary care, health care screenings and beyond. As I've shown, our comparable prescriptions are up 320 basis points this quarter compared to the previous quarter. This upswing continued a trend that began in mid-September when we, once again, began participating in Express Scripts' retail pharmacy network. We believe this chart validates that customers value our convenience, service and the pharmacists they've known and trusted as we've been gaining momentum on our script comp month after month. And as expected, customers are returning to Walgreens from every competitor. We are winning customers back from different competitors at about the same ratio that they left last year. That says, to us, that having a choice of pharmacy does matter, and when customers have a choice, many of them are selecting Walgreens. That leads to our third strategic growth driver: creating an unprecedented global platform through our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots. We're making steady progress in executing this partnership. We realigned our organization to accelerate our strategies in support of our partnership with Alliance Boots. Both companies were successful in completing important financing transactions. We closed a $4 billion public debt offering, getting attractive rates across all of our maturities, and Alliance Boots recently completed a highly successful amend-and-extend transaction of its current debt portfolio, which significantly increases future flexibility. Both transactions reflect the strong support from public and private debt markets. In this quarter, we also closed on the establishment of a new joint venture company, Walgreens Boots Alliance Development, based in Berne, Switzerland with key talent in place. In addition, we've established the synergy streams and have begun to see results, putting us on track to meet our first year synergy targets. Currently, 6 teams of employees from both companies are hard at work to capture the revenue and savings opportunities we've committed to, exploring opportunities in procurement, merchandising and the sharing of best practices across our networks. As part of that effort, our merchandising team added the popular Boots' No7 to our beauty product line, debuting it at our Hollywood flagship opening with very good early results. We look forward to sharing more details with all of you at our analyst day in mid-February in London. In closing, as I said when I began this morning, 3.5 years ago, we launched an unprecedented strategic and operational transformation of Walgreens. Today, we have the wind at our backs as we head into a new calendar year. Customers from plans and Express Scripts network are returning to our pharmacies. We have successfully launched our Balance Rewards program, with 45 million people signed up. We've executed our promotion strategy to balance our approach to driving sales and margin. We now have more than 400 Well Experience stores, bringing a new experience to our customers with our flagships providing a halo effect in the major markets across the country. Our reinvigorated private brands, led by Nice! and Delish, are creating brand loyalty and increasing margins for our Daily Living business. We continue to lead industry consolidation with strategic acquisitions from Duane Reade and drugstore.com to USA Drug and assets of BioScrip. We are positioned to become the first global pharmacy-led health and wellbeing enterprise with a supply chain unmatched in the industry. With Walgreens and Alliance Boots, we are bringing together 2 iconic brands to create something new and unique in the industry that will be difficult, if not impossible, to match. So finally, I want to thank our 240,000 employees who worked hard this year and helped position us for a very exciting future. Thank you. Happy holidays, and let me turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call. This morning, I'll take you through our quarterly results, as well as update you on our investment in Alliance Boots. As Greg noted earlier, for the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.43 per diluted share based on 951 million shares. Recall last quarter, we began reporting results on an adjusted basis in addition to a GAAP basis. This chart illustrates the walk to adjusted EPS for the quarter. The LIFO provision was $0.04 per share; acquisition-related amortization was $0.06 per share; and finally, the special items totaling $0.05 per share, with $0.03 related to Hurricane Sandy and $0.02 related to the USA Drug acquisition and subsequent closure of some overlapping stores. The sum of these yields an adjusted EPS of $0.58 per diluted share for the quarter. As Greg mentioned, we have decided to move to a 1-quarter accounting lag for the Alliance Boots investment. The adjusted EPS of $0.58 per share reflects $0.07 dilution related to the Alliance Boots investment compared to what would have been an estimated adjusted EPS accretion of $0.03 in the quarter had we reported using our previously announced 1-month lag. The dilution, driven by the 1-quarter lag versus a 1-month lag, occurs because we incurred 3 months of interest expense and 3 months of share dilution but we only record equity income for the single month of August, which is also typically one of Alliance Boots' weakest months in what is a fairly seasonal business. Before I get into full details of Walgreens' core business, let me take a minute to first give you a deeper explanation of why we adopted a 1-quarter lag for Alliance Boots and review the reporting calendar to give you a clear picture of the impact of the lag reporting and what you can expect going forward. After much thoughtful consideration, the reason we made the decision to have a 1-quarter lag is we believe that this is the most practical way to meet the various and complicated regulatory audit and business concerns. While this does delay some visibility into the Alliance Boots' business, and understandably, you were seeking that, one benefit would be that investors will ultimately have a comparable quarterly actual period with Alliance Boots on a lag basis. I realize that based upon our previous disclosure, you came into the meeting today assuming that we'd report on a 1-month lag basis, and therefore, it is important that we give you more perspective on the change and its impact. With the 1-month lag, we would have reported equity income for the months of August, September and October in the quarter, whereas, with the 1-quarter lag, we only report equity income for August. And as mentioned, under both scenarios, the quarter reflects 3 months of the dilutive effect of the incremental shares and debt interest associated with the transaction. This means that in our fiscal second quarter, we will report equity income from Alliance Boots for the months of September, October and November. It is important to note that this accounting change does not, in any way, alter the underlying performance of their business, which is performing in line with our expectations. During our upcoming analyst day in London on February 13, we intend to go into much more detail on Alliance Boots, how to think about the strategies and performance of each of their businesses and give you detail as to what you can expect with respect to ongoing reporting metrics. Along that line of thinking, we have included in the appendix a reconciliation of the $4 million of equity GAAP income we recognized in the quarter. It's important to note that for the month of August, Alliance Boots had net income of $52 million in U.S. dollar terms under IFRS, but multiple IFRS to U.S. GAAP conversion items, as well as intangible asset amortization and deal-related inventory step-up, which is transitional by nature, takes that to $4 million. What this means with respect to our revised accretion expectations is outlined in this chart. As discussed earlier, we had $0.07 of adjusted dilution during our first quarter. In the second quarter, we expect to have adjusted accretion of $0.04 to $0.06 per diluted share. In the third quarter, we expect adjusted accretion of $0.12 to $0.13 per diluted share. The higher accretion in the third quarter is due to the fact that we will be reporting the expected equity income for the months of December, January and February for Alliance Boots, which are typically very strong months, given the holiday seasonality. And in the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted accretion of $0.09 to $0.10 per diluted share. For the fiscal year, we expect the new adjusted accretion to be $0.18 to $0.22, which means we expect accretion of $0.25 to $0.29 over the balance of the fiscal year. It may be helpful to reconcile these new adjusted accretion numbers with respect to our original fiscal year '13 accretion estimates of $0.23 to $0.27. At the time of the announcement, we noted that the 45% periodic Alliance Boots income available to equity holders was subject to GAAP adjustments, foreign exchange translations and basis difference amortization. Our current estimate of the IFRS-to-GAAP adjustments for fiscal year 2013 are a negative $0.06, foreign exchange translations are 0 and the amortization add-back is $0.11. As outlined, adopting a 1-quarter lag had a negative $0.10 impact in the first quarter and the fiscal year relative to a 1-month lag, yielding a new adjusted fiscal year '13 accretion range of $0.18 to $0.22. Again, these estimates do not include amortization expense or onetime transaction costs and reflect the company's current estimates of IFRS-to-GAAP conversion and foreign exchange translations. All estimates assume no M&A or strategic transactions. We are anticipating that in the remaining 3 quarters of fiscal year 2013 we will have approximately $0.04 of special items associated with the transaction, such as advisory fees, fees associated with legal entity establishment, expatriate moves and key dedicated resources. Let me now provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. As you already know, comparable scripts in the quarter were impacted by the loss of Express Scripts business. Comparable prescription sales decreased 11.3%. Comparable front-end sales decreased 2%, and total comp sales decreased 8%. Comparable prescriptions filled decreased 4.8%, noting that comp prescription sales were down to a much greater degree, primarily due to the increased introductions of new generics. This slide illustrates the impact on comparable store script numbers for the previous 3 quarters when we were not part of Express Scripts network versus the prior year. The comp store scripts were down 4.8% in the first quarter, which was a sequential improvement of 320 basis points over the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, which was down 8%. And this reflects our continued progress of winning back Express Scripts customers. Moving to our front end. Traffic in the quarter decreased by 4.2%, while basket size increased by 2.2% and the front-end comp decreased by 2%. The primary drivers behind these decreases were the impact of Express Scripts and the move to rebalance our overall promotional spending strategy, which we continue to believe is appropriate. We achieved stable margins in a very promotional environment, and we will continue to work to strike the right optimal balance between sales and profitable growth, especially as our Balance Rewards loyalty program and membership starts to hit critical mass and creates a whole new lever to help find an optimal balance between loyal customer sales and margins. Turning to margin. Our FIFO gross margin was 29.8% in the current quarter compared to 28.4% last year, a 140-basis-point improvement. Pharmacy margins increased as a result of the introduction of new generics, and the increase was partially offset by reimbursement and specialty pharmacy mix. The front end was positively impacted by OTC drug, personal care, convenience and fresh food categories, offset by loyalty investments and e-commerce mix, which is a solid contributor to gross profit dollars but at a lower margin than the balance of the business. Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends. It's important to note that this quarter's 140-basis-point improvement was against a 40-basis-point decrease a year ago. While the front end margin was flat, it also reflects the fact that the company made meaningful investments in the Balance Rewards program. This slide illustrates our 2-year stacked SG&A dollar growth trends on a GAAP basis for the last 9 quarters, and the next slide shows the trends on adjusted basis. Two-year stacked adjusted SG&A trends improved versus a year ago, with 7.4% growth in the first quarter of 2013, down from 11.7% last year. To get to adjusted SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our reported SG&A dollar growth of 4.6% included 30 basis points of Walgreens' amortization, 30 basis points of Alliance Boots' onetime costs, 90 basis points of Hurricane Sandy costs and 60 basis points from the USA Drug transaction expense, primarily inventory and store write-offs. This resulted in an adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 2.5%. This SG&A dollar growth rate includes 60 basis points of non-comp operating expense for the USA Drug and 90 basis points of expense related to staffing and marketing to win back Express Scripts customers, sign up new Balance Rewards members and to help enroll seniors in Medicare Part D programs. This next slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 9 quarters on a GAAP basis, and it shows the trend on adjusted basis. Here the adjusted gross profit dollar growth increased from a negative 3.2% in the fourth quarter of 2012 to a positive 0.1% in the first quarter of 2013. The trend in the adjusted gross profit dollar growth data shows the benefit of returning Express Scripts customers combined with an increase in the mix of generic drugs, which we believe is a good indicator of the underlying momentum in our business. Following the same construct, this slide shows the SG&A dollar growth trends for the past 9 quarters on a GAAP basis, and the next slide shows this on adjusted basis. As I discussed in the SG&A walk earlier, the adjusted SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was 2.5%, an increase from the roughly negative 1% to negative 2% adjusted SG&A dollar growth in the second half of fiscal 2012, but still lower than our SG&A dollar growth in the first half of 2012. Again, as I mentioned, we have several strategic initiatives and investments in SG&A in the quarter, and we believe that this will pay off nicely as we move forward. Focusing on our income statement for a moment. This quarter included a LIFO provision of $55 million versus $45 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 2.5%, up from 2% a year ago. Net interest expense was $37 million, including the impact of the Alliance Boots acquisition, up from $17 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate was 38.2% versus 37.2% last year, primarily due to discrete items and a onetime state rate true-up. Average diluted shares outstanding were 951 million shares versus 885 million shares last year, and this change is due to a combination of share repurchases in the interim, as well as the impact of the 83.4 million shares issued due to the Alliance Boots investment. Going forward, we expect our share count to be about 950 million shares on a diluted basis. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.8 billion at November 30 versus $1.1 billion a year ago. Overall working capital decreased by 12.8% versus a year ago. And accounts receivable decreased by 12.5%, while accounts payable increased nearly 1%. Inventories were down year-over-year, but have increased sequentially as we added back pharmacy inventory due to returning customers. Inventories were also impacted by USA Drug acquisition inventory and the inventory related to the timing of some front-end resets. On inventory, total FIFO inventory decreased by 0.9% in the quarter versus a 4.6% decrease in total sales. And FIFO inventories decreased by 4% on a per-store basis. During the first quarter, we generated $601 million in cash from operations versus $809 million a year ago. Free cash flow in the quarter was $265 million versus $390 million a year ago. Change in cash is in part reflective of the inventory changes I mentioned, which, again, were driven by many of the impacts I've outlined before. Despite temporary working capital fluctuations, we are very focused on cash and feel that we will continue to show strong cash results over time. Also keep in mind that we raised our dividend over 22% this year to $0.275 per share for the quarter. Now let me transition to our fiscal year 2016 goals for the combined Walgreens and Alliance Boots business. We continue to believe that this partnership will reward our stakeholders and as Greg said, will deliver significant synergies, enhance mutual capabilities and change strategic landscape in the U.S., Europe and other geographies around the world. The business performance objectives are meeting our expectations and are on track to meet our first year synergy targets as well. Now I remain highly confident in the strength of our 2 businesses as we set out to change the paradigm in our industry, with a global pharmacy-led health and wellbeing platform that will meaningfully differentiate us and create significant value. In that context, we affirm our combined stated goals for fiscal year 2016 of $130 billion of revenue; $9 billion to $9.5 billion of adjusted operating income or $8.5 billion to $9 billion on a U.S. GAAP basis; combined synergy goal of $1 billion, with a fiscal year '13 target of $100 million to $150 million; $8 billion of operating cash flow; and a combined net debt of $11 billion or less. In closing, we believe this quarter marks a key inflection point. While it included some important reporting changes, the key takeaway is that our underlying business trends showed improvement and we remain optimistic about our prospects for the rest of the fiscal year, aided by a significant tailwind as we begin cycling the anniversary of our Express Scripts network departure. We are making progress across all of our key strategies and have embarked on a watershed journey with Alliance Boots. With combined retail stores and distribution touch points of more than 180,000 in 26 countries, I believe we are well positioned to lead our industry as the world's largest and most innovative player in our space. And together, we are well positioned for growth and uniquely positioned to leverage our mutual capabilities and assets for our customers and suppliers. We remain confident in our ability to execute with excellence and reward our stakeholders. So now with that, I'll turn it back over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Heinbockel from Guggenheim Securities.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So a couple of things. Let me start. Wade or Greg, do you -- is there any operational performance numbers you can share on Alliance Boots, whether it be top line growth comps, EBIT growth, whatever for the last few months? Just to get a sense of what the operational performance looks like.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, John. I'll let Wade kind of cover what he [indiscernible].
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I guess, what I would say is, like I said, we're on track with respect to their business performance and also, with respect to the synergies. If I was to give some perspective on an IFRS basis, which as IFRS are not audited, their -- for the first 4 months, August through November, their trading profit is exceeding 10%, and underlying profit for the year is even better than that. So that's, again, an IFRS basis. But if you want color on those 4 months, in a tough year climate, they continue to perform very, very well. Obviously, the southern countries are more challenging than northern Europe, but in aggregate, they're doing a very good job. And I think on analyst day, we'll be able to peel into their business to a much greater degree.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then secondly, so again I'll put this into -- they're both really the same question. If you think about Balance Rewards and then front-end traffic and ticket, do you think Balance Rewards, based on your pilot, that, that will move the dial on average basket size first? And then when does it move the dial -- how many more months, would you think, before it moves the dial on basket size? And then secondly, I assume, you would think that's going to happen, so there is not a plan to become more promotional early in '13, if those numbers don't step up. I guess, you assume that they will, right?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, good questions. And as I've said several times, the key to retail is trying to balance price and promotion in the right way. And we do think, obviously, that strategic shift in our promotional activity was due to having a Balance Rewards program that we knew we were going to be launching. So certainly, with our 45 million folks, we do believe -- I would agree with you, I think we'll probably begin to see basket increase first. I think with the way our program is designed, certainly, as more and more people gain points as they are doing and then begin to redeem them on rewards, especially during this holiday season, I think we'll see momentum in that being recognized as a real currency. That should indeed help drive sales next year, as well as traffic. At the same time, the good thing as well, as I pointed out, we're really driving our private brand penetration. We're up a couple of hundred basis points, as I said. The good thing there is that gives us some added margin that we can intelligently reinvest into the business, if needed. So we're going to continue to manage price and promotion intelligently. And we think we have, certainly, the advantage of Balance Rewards as it catches on to help us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Miller from William Blair.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: On the SG&A spend, can you provide a little more perspective about what has changed? I think with the trend down last year and then up 2% or 3% excluding the onetime items you called out, I think you said around 90 basis points of investment, which would still have that up 1% to 2%. So were there some expenses that kicked out of last year into this year or beyond those investments, what has changed here?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, I think if you look at longer trend, the 1-year and then the 2-year stacked trends, I think actually we feel pretty good. I mean, obviously, SG&A isn't something that you manage quarter-to-quarter, you manage strategically. And again, when you look at kind of the not just adjusted but the kind of the comparable basis being up 1%, we felt pretty good about. And these investments we've made in terms of loyalty sign-ups, in terms of Express Scripts win-back and in terms of the Part D programs, in particular, where we are preferred player, we believe are very, very good investments and will play out very nicely as we come into the new year.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: On generics, in the past wave with Zocor and Zoloft, I remember the company had around 25% EPS growth. And then past that exclusivity period, the earnings went flat. Can you just tell us how the contracts have changed for you? I mean, are we going to see a similar type of step-down for Walgreens after this generic wave? Or how have you changed the contract structures?
Wade D. Miquelon: We have obviously hundreds of contracts, and they're all different. But as kind of a general rule of thumb, I think we've been very thoughtful about making sure that, in general, we're not going after feast or famine but sustainable profitability, which means in the front end, you might leave a little bit on the table but over a longer term, we think we have a very stable business with very strong margins. So I think that's a general direction that we've headed. Again, each contract is different, but I think that we feel that not only through this generic wave but post the wave, we're going to have a very solid business and very good margins we can work with.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then related to that, Wade, the reimbursement, you did indicate, was down a little bit with reimbursement in specialty. Is that -- was that negative impact in the quarter different materially than you had seen in prior quarters? Or should we...
Wade D. Miquelon: No, I would say...
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Reimbursement in '13?
Wade D. Miquelon: Reimbursement was negligible, really. So in general, we had a good uptick from generics. We do have some specialty mix. And then we -- well, a little bit from 90-day. But again, 90-day in aggregate is good incremental dollars for us and strategically right on target.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then with all these contracts that you've had and the negotiations, I mean, is there anything to call out in terms of potential changes going forward?
Wade D. Miquelon: No, I think we feel like we're in a very good place. I think that we have as much stability in our commercial book as we've said that we felt for a long period of time. We feel that we have a good ecosystem. We're being treated fairly by our payers and having them being treated fairly versus each other. So I think we're in a good spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deborah Weinswig from Citi.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So you talked about being the worst flu season in 10 years, can you talk about how you might be able to capitalize on that?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I guess, we have to careful how we couch that, Deborah. But yes, certainly, we think, as we've been seeing, I think our flu shots remain strong, probably actually a second burst that we typically maybe wouldn't have seen but also cough and cold. We're seeing front-end categories that you would expect that are strong. We're also obviously seeing some prescription lift. So I think that when you're in the prescription business, you certainly -- you can capitalize on that. So I think we feel pretty good with this being, as the CDC said, the worst flu season in 10 years.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then you talked about this being a very promotional environment. Are you seeing that just from the drug stores? Or is it broader than that?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, I think we're seeing it probably throughout different channels by different players. But certainly, we're focused on what we think is the right thing to do for our business. But we're going to -- as I said, I think we're well positioned with the fact that we have 50 -- nearly -- we have about 45 million people on the Balance Rewards card, which is really just beginning to drive some momentum for us now that people understand the value of that currency. But it's kind of scattered by channel, by player.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And obviously, you have a very unique e-commerce approach, with not only Walgreens.com, but also drugstore.com. Can you talk about how you might be able to utilize that to get across maybe a differentiated, let's just say, value message?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, we're really excited with what Zon [ph] and our team are doing in e-com and mobile commerce, with building an omni channel solution. And as we've said, I think the value of our convenient brick-and-mortar locations, with convenient omni channel solution, positions us to do quite well going forward. Our e-com business continues to grow in line with the industry, and we continue to add additional items. The drugstore.com acquisition gave us -- extended our long tail, which gives us additional SKUs beyond what we carry in the store. Some of the -- some actually -- and interesting, some of the Alliance Boots products that we carry on beauty.com were some of our top items during the holiday season, so we think we -- there is an opportunity to bring even more of Alliance Boots expertise and product lines in our online offering.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, last question. Would you say that the sign-ups on the Balance Rewards are exceeding your expectations? And how are you measuring ROI?
Gregory D. Wasson: Wade?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean we have a whole marketing mix model we look at. And in part, this isn't necessarily incremental spend. It's a different way of going to market. So we've been shifting from what was typically almost completely roto-dependent to now, I'd say, a much more balanced approach, with not only roto, but also multichannel efforts, what we're doing on the Web, what we're doing with loyalty, what we're doing on our equity, kind of revision campaign. So we think that, over time, that it's -- our use of funds, if you will, is much better in this new balanced approach. And again, as Greg said, as we build critical mass with loyalty, we now have 60% of our sales coming through, but where the real magic starts to happen is we start to build the redemption, where people can redeem and feel that there's real value in that redemption. That becomes a powerful engine, and we're just now starting to reach that point where those numbers are starting to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I would like to first try to dig a little bit deeper into Express recovery and the pace that you're seeing. Obviously, some of your competitors have indicated that they're holding on. Your November numbers did, in fact, show some improvement, and you said some good things about December. So what's your expectation of the pace of recovery? And any numbers you'd be willing to share about what you think you're getting now or what you might ultimately recapture?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Matt, first, as we said, we are pleased with the progress we're making. We're on track with what our expectation was at this point in time. You can see that, as we said, and suggested that you track our monthly comps and the progress we've made this past month -- or this past quarter. I think we're continuing to see and expect what we have forecast throughout next year. We think we can regain significant portion of these customers over time.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Second question, if I could. You spoke about some of the puts and takes on loyalty. You have 45 million members, some incremental SG&A and a little bit of hit to gross margin. How do you think about the economics of the loyalty program? At what point do you expect to see peak pressure from the rollout of this program? And when do the economics start to become more attractive for you?
Wade D. Miquelon: A couple of things. In the short term, you have a bit of kind of the accounting nuances, as you get points it tends to impact gross margin. As people redeem, it tends to impact sales. And then over time, depending on how much breakage there is or isn't, that alters. But in general, we feel that even thus far with the investment, we've been able to maintain an overall strong profitability in the front end. As I said, the real magic starts to come through as we start to move towards critical mass of redemption. We're just getting to that point, but that's where we believe we can really move a bigger customer basket size and incent the most loyal. And so I guess, what I'd say is I think the team has done an outstanding job of not only executing and enrolling people but also really mitigating what in general can be a tremendous upfront cost. And so for the most part, we've been able to glide through that, and longer term, this, we believe, becomes a very accretive vehicle as well as something that differentiates us.
Gregory D. Wasson: Matt, I would go back to something Wade said earlier on an earlier question. This -- I want to remind everyone, this was a strategic shift in our promotional strategy plan over a year ago when we knew we were going to launch the Balance Rewards program. And certainly, with the advent of digital media, the decrease in paper -- in print media and the fact that we now have 45 million people with the Balance Rewards program, it gives us the ability to more surgically and efficiently use marketing dollars. And we're really having a good reception from our vendors, our partners, who are looking at this as a more efficient way to spend their dollars.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And understanding that this is successful overall, in all the ways you just said, do the economics get better from here? Or does the pressure, such as it is, will linger for a little while until this program matures a bit?
Wade D. Miquelon: Year by year by year, economics get better, so that doesn't mean necessarily in the next 30 days or whatever, there's a turning point. But I think the important thing is that we've done the upfront investment in systems. We've been able to do the heavy investment, enrolling a significant amount of people, and I think the real magic starts to happen as you get enough people with enough points that they can really redeem for things that are meaningful, and that's where we start to drive the [indiscernible]. So -- but year by year by year, it just gets better for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallucci from Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess I just had a few quick ones, hopefully. On Part D, you mentioned that you're the top few plans as preferred provider. Can you give us any perspective on the sort of market share that preferred providers typically would see or what your expectations are as a result of being in those plans?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, Tom, I can't really give color for the plans. I think I can say obviously, 3 of those are, obviously, 3 of the bigger plans in the program. I think we're just excited that they chose us as a preferred partner for all the value and the services we bring. And certainly, this enrollment period, we spent a lot of time trying to help seniors understand how Walgreens being preferred in a Part D plan was a benefit to them. And we think that these 3 plans would probably be some of the top winners in the program, and we're positioned well with them. I think the data will come from the plans probably toward the end of January, but we think they're 3 of the top plans. We think they'll probably be highly successful. We're delighted to be a preferred provider with them.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Wade, just to follow up on the generics, is it the right interpretation that you described the exclusivity period to be exceptionally good and it sounds like, over time, maybe the way you're contracting, the benefits won't be as skewed upfront. Is that sort of the idea? And if so, is there any way to think about fiscal or calendar '13 versus fiscal or calendar '12 in terms of the impact of generics?
Wade D. Miquelon: I mean, I think others have said that kind of the fiscal '13 is better than '12, and that's directionally true for us. I think that the general idea though is we've been working, in general, to have kind of more of what I would call corridors so that, again, it's not a game of how much you can make in the first couple of months, but it's really about sustainability of the economics. And so we feel very good about that. But I think, as I've said before, this is not a company to invest in just because of a generic wave, I think we're doing lots of things, some that over time are big and meaningful and much more sustainable than that as well. I think that's -- that's, I think, good. But I think that we've taken a very pragmatic approach on our contracting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Kelly from Crdit Suisse.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg and Wade, could you maybe help us reconcile comments related to the ESI recapture versus what we're hearing from some of the other chain drugstores? You seem to be happy with the way things are progressing. They seem to be talking about very high retention rates. The scripts that you're getting back so far, are -- is it the case that they may be coming from other channels other than chain drug? Just trying to understand how we get 2 different stories.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Ed. Ed, maybe I'll start. And I know Wade's jumping to get in there as well, but I guess I'll start. We're certainly feeling good with where we are. We're on track. As I said, you can see it in our comp numbers up, so certainly, somebody is losing some share. With that said, that's one of the reasons we try to fill the pie chart up because I think that pie chart shows that, frankly, that they're coming from every player, it doesn't matter who you are and at the rate of what we lost them at. So bottom line is we feel good with our comps. We feel good with our win-back, and I can't help you with that disconnect but -- other than the fact that we feel good with where we are.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, historically been on networks before, so we have quite a bit of experience of the rate we win back and ramp in. I think we continue to improve, as we would expect, quite nicely. So there's nothing that suggests thus far that this is going to be any different. I know people have maybe made predictions of what they think the end state of retention will be. But I guess, I would say that no one can really predict that. It's impossible to predict, but with respect to the trends that we're on now versus what we've seen historically, we're very optimistic.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then...
Wade D. Miquelon: Win-back percentage is from the transfer file, so it is what it is. But I think that we know the percentage that were transferred out, and we've shown the percentage that are transferred back in, and it's -- in general, it seems to be pretty much the same percentages, which, again, tells us that people want to come back. The ones that want to come back to their pharmacy, want to come back and value it.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on Alliance Boots, if I take the number that you, I guess, would have earned this quarter if you didn't have the issue with the lag versus what you're going to make the next 3 quarters, it seems like that maybe the accretion guidance went up, although I think there might be a timing issue in here. So when we think about the accretion for the full year with Alliance Boots and what it would have been if we had the full year without the lag issue, did you raise it or is it the same? So I'm trying understand.
Wade D. Miquelon: It's pretty much the same, Ed. Remember when we gave the original guidance, we didn't know what the amortization component would be or the IFRS-to-GAAP adjustment. There's really no way to know that until you're very deep in the midst of it. So what we try to do is reconcile the $0.23, $0.27 to where we are today with those 2 adjustments in the lag. And effectively, we would have been higher than $0.23, $0.27, but that would have been with other adjustments that were unknowable at the time. But pretty much, we're exactly on track. And again, the impact of the lag is effectively $0.10, and that's -- versus the 1 month. It would be even greater if it was versus a 0 month.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Wade, could you maybe do us a favor, and as we think about when you report adjusted EPS going forward, what numbers are you going to be excluding from that? Obviously, it's LIFO and stuff, but what about the amortization step-up, the GAAP adjustments? I don't know exactly what's going to be excluded and what's not.
Wade D. Miquelon: From Alliance Boots, the numbers that would get adjusted will be as apples-to-apples as ours as we can possibly do. So it will be FIFO to FIFO because that's our adjusted basis, the amortization they have of things like brands and customer relationships, things that don't decay are added back and then any truly special items, but it will be on a GAAP basis. So again, the numbers I quoted earlier in terms of their progress are IFRS. But when we report it in our numbers, we'll make our IFRS-to-GAAP adjustments, and the numbers you'll see for Alliance Boots will be as apples-to-apples as we can for our adjusted numbers on a U.S. GAAP basis.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question for you on tax rate, Alliance Boots and taxes. The minority interest from Alliance Boots, is it pretax or after tax? And then, your tax rate this quarter seemed a little high. Was there something impacting that? And how is that tax rate going to look, going forward?
Wade D. Miquelon: Just let me, rough, rule of thumb, the equity income, I believe, that you see there is kind of the after-tax effect, which is kind of circa 20% tax rate. There may be a little bit of a tick-up on things for [indiscernible]. But in general, our rate will be fairly close to their rate and the equity income. So it really depends, are there any items that would have [indiscernible] impact. But in general, these should be fairly small, so call it circa 20%, 21% is the effective tax rate you'll see coming through.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So the minority interest is already after tax and we should use your normal tax rate for below the line, is that right?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. You won't tax it again. There'll be a little bit of a [indiscernible] but it won't come in an after-tax rate plus the U.S tax rate.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A session for today. I will now turn the call back over to Rick Hans for further remarks.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. As a reminder, the company will report December sales on January 4, host our annual shareholders meeting in Chicago on January 9, and we will report second quarter 2013 results on March 26. Until then, thank you for listening, and happy holidays.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-09-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Gregory D. Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and President of International Kermit R. Crawford - President of Pharmacy, Health, Wellness Services & Solutions
Analysts: Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Walgreen Co. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Walgreen's Vice President of Investor Relations, Rick Hans. You may begin.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and CFO and President, International will update you on the fourth quarter and the fiscal year. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy; and Mark Wagner, President of Store Operations. As a reminder, today's presentation will include certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, the presentation and the podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I'll begin with some perspective on the year and a review of our results for the quarter and the fiscal year. Second, I'll discuss the overall strength and performance of our business, and finally, I'll take a strategic look ahead to fiscal 2013. And then I'll turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed review of our quarter and full year performance and key considerations for fiscal 2013. I want to begin today by putting fiscal 2012 into perspective. This was certainly a challenging year capped off by a tough fourth quarter but a very important and strategic year for Walgreens. As you know, we started the year with the critical decision to exit the Express Scripts network. This decision, despite the short-term ramifications to our business, was absolutely the right one for our shareholders long term. That said, as you are aware, we were ultimately able to reach an agreement with Express Scripts last July that met our core principles. With this now behind us, we are focused on the many opportunities ahead, starting with our truly game-changing relationship with Alliance Boots to create the first global pharmacy-led health and well-being enterprise. As we've said before, this relationship will accelerate our 5 core strategies. It creates an unmatched supply chain. Together, we will have the largest retail pharmacy distribution network in the world and be the world's single largest purchaser of prescription drugs and many other health and well-being products. And finally, it provides us with a platform for global expansion beyond the U.S. and Europe into new markets around the world. We believe replicating this combination will be difficult, if not impossible, given this tremendous first mover advantage. We also recently launched our innovative new loyalty program, Balance Rewards, which is our next step in making Walgreens the first choice for health and daily living. This required replacing our decades-old point-of-sale system with new state-of-the-art technology across the entire chain. And we continue to expand our Well Experience stores, reaching 350 across the chain. As you know, we're combining cutting-edge design with an improved product assortment, including an enhanced mix of health care, beauty, fresh food and private brand solutions to meet more closely the needs of our communities and create an experience unmatched in the industry. Finally, we continue to participate in the consolidation of both the traditional pharmacy and Specialty Pharmacy markets with our recent acquisitions of USA Drug, Crescent, Infusion and the assets of BioScrip. These were key strategic opportunities with top-notch talent, and we welcome their team members into the Walgreen Company. As I said at the open, it's been a very important and strategic year for Walgreens. We now have the structure, strategies and talent in place to drive both short-term and long-term performance. With that, let's get into the numbers for the quarter. I'll begin today with our quarterly results. We'll be presenting numbers on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, and Wade will walk you through the details and the specific adjustments later in the call. As you saw in our release this morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $17.1 billion, down 5% from $18 billion a year ago. GAAP operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $586 million, down 53.7% compared to $1.3 billion at the same time last year. Recall that GAAP figures from last year's quarter include the gain from the sale of Walgreens Health Initiatives, our pharmacy benefit manager. Adjusted operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $838 million, down 12.6% from $950 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.39 in the fourth quarter compared to $0.87 last year, down 55.4%. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.63, down 4.5% from $0.66 in the same quarter of last year. Turning to our performance for the fiscal year. Sales were essentially flat for the year even with our strategic decision with regard to Express Scripts, which represented about 11% of our prescription business in the prior year. This performance illustrates the strength and diversity of our business. For the full year, we posted $71.6 billion in sales compared to $72.2 billion last year, down just 0.8%. It's important to note that overall sales would have increased by 1.2% without the impact of drug -- generic drug conversions throughout the fiscal year, which affected sales by $1.4 billion. GAAP operating income was $3.5 billion, down 20.6% from $4.4 billion in fiscal 2011. Adjusted operating income for the year was $4.1 billion compared to $4.4 billion in 2011, down 6%. Our full year GAAP earnings per diluted share were $2.42, down 17.7% from $2.94 last year, again including the gain from the sale of WHI. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share were $2.93, flat compared to $2.93 in the same period the previous year. Finally, cash flow from operations for fiscal 2012 was a record $4.4 billion compared to $3.6 billion in fiscal 2011, and free cash flow was also a record at $2.9 billion. And we continue to return significant cash to shareholders throughout the year with $1.2 billion in share repurchases and $787 million in dividends. In the fourth quarter, our gross profit dollar growth was down 4.6% or $234 million. Gross profit dollar growth was down year-over-year as a result of the continuing impact of Express Scripts. SG&A dollar growth was up only slightly in the quarter, increasing $12 million or 0.2%. After adjusting for the impact of Alliance Boots, SG&A dollar growth was down $41 million or 1%. After adjusting for the LIFO provision, gross profit dollar growth declined $162 million year-over-year. Now although the adjusted gross profit dollars grew less than adjusted SG&A dollars, I'd like to underscore that we were able to offset more than half of the gross profit dollar loss from Express Scripts with good SG&A control. In fact, as you recall, we said that the impact of Express Scripts after adjusting our cost would be $0.21 for this fiscal year, and we delivered on that. Now our multiyear agreement with Express Scripts signed in July means we are once again participating in their broadest retail pharmacy network. On September 15, many of our valued customers started coming back to Walgreens. As always, they will have the benefit of convenient access to the pharmacists they've known and trusted. We're pleased to be back with plans and employers we've been partners with in the past, such as WellPoint and many others. Although we're still very early in the process, with only 12 days of welcoming customers back at Walgreens, we're encouraged by the early results. I look at the pace of return process like this. To me, there are really 3 buckets. First, there are people who will come back right away. They are our most loyal patients who value our convenience and who've had long relationships with us, and that's who's been -- who we've been seeing in the first couple of weeks. The second bucket includes the people who will need a little convincing, and that's what we have our marketing plans in place for, including our $25 gift card to transfer their prescriptions back as well as our Balance Rewards program. The third bucket is a little tougher, and we'll see how the return works here over time. We'll certainly have a much better read on customers returning to Walgreens over the next 3 to 4 months as more employers and health plans are able to communicate the changes to their people and as new plan changes take effect at the first of the year. Now I know some of you may want specific numbers on returning customers. However, as I'm sure you can understand, these numbers are competitively sensitive. Therefore, we think the best and most accurate way to track this and our underlying business in the months ahead is through our monthly sales and prescription comps. This is because our comps reflect not only returning customers but customers who have switched from one plan to another, as well as new business. And that's how we'll be tracking our progress as we focus on growing our prescription market share overall. Moving forward, we think we're very well positioned to gain market share not only through Express Scripts members returning to Walgreens, but also through many other partners who have been -- we've been quite successful with in broadening and deepening our relationship throughout the past year. In addition, we have probably never been better positioned getting into the mid Part D season this fall. Now let me turn to our innovative loyalty program, Balance Rewards, as we continue to enhance our customer experience. We launched the program online in early September and nationally, on September 16. We've seen great response since the launch, signing up nearly 12 million customers in stores, online and by mobile, and we are significantly ahead of our forecast. As the initial couple of weeks show, we took the time to do loyalty right, and we've launched a program that provides real value for Walgreens and our customers. Balance Rewards is unlike any other program on the market. It's linked to our Well brand strategy and designed to foster long-term loyalty among our customers rather than simply providing cash back for purchases. It's designed to be more engaging, more aspirational and more explicitly anchored to health and wellness. Compared to other programs, Balance Rewards provides more value for our customers. Our points are valid for 3 years. They gain more value the more a member earns, and they can be used instantly at the cash register as soon as a member reaches 5,000 points. Balance Reward points can be earned and redeemed at all Walgreens and Duane Reade stores and online at walgreens.com, while in other retail programs, customers can only earn benefits in the stores. And finally, Balance Rewards members receive points for healthy habits like Walk with Walgreens. To develop a program that would lead the industry, we depended on a talented team with deep expertise and loyalty and learned from Duane Reade's highly successful program. We'll continue to enhance our program, exchanging best practices with our new partner, Alliance Boots, which has the leading loyalty program in Europe. Overall, we believe this will be the largest, most powerful and most successful loyalty program in retail. In the quarter, we also made progress on our strategy to expand into new channels and markets, closing on the first phase of our transaction with Alliance Boots. With a 45% stake in the company, we've begun the real work of the transaction with the goal of becoming the leader in global pharmacy-led health and well-being. We closed a very successful $4 billion public debt offering, replacing our bridge facility. We capitalized on strong demand in the market to get attractive rates across our maturities and upsized the deal a bit to lock in additional long-term capital. We also established our share of board governance structure, placing representatives from each company on the other's Board of Directors. In addition, we recently realigned our organization to accelerate our strategies and to support our partnership with Alliance Boots. As part of that reorganization, Wade takes on an expanded leadership role at Walgreens, a global role as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, International. In this broader role, Wade will lead the development of our strategic partnership with Alliance Boots and other potential international partnerships. As I've said before, this partnership gives us a platform to accelerate our key growth strategies. We have cross-functional teams from both companies who are looking for ways to bring together these 2 iconic brands. We're already sharing best practices in areas such as loyalty and e-commerce. We're also exploring opportunities to capitalize on Alliance Boots' expertise and owned brands and beauty while at the same time, sharing our knowledge in pharmacy operations. Working together, we also have the opportunity to create an unmatched supply team with the scope and scale no competitor can equal. We've begun setting up joint ventures to realize $100 million to $150 million in combined synergies from the partnership in the first year and more than $1 billion in combined synergies by 2016. To support the joint ventures, we've set up 6 new global synergy teams in coordination with our partners at Alliance Boots, and both companies have committed a number of key leaders to these teams. And finally, we have the opportunity for global expansion beyond the U.S. and Europe. You may have seen most recently that Alliance Boots announced their intent to acquire a 12% stake in Nanjing Pharmaceutical Co., the fifth largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in China. We also see tremendous opportunity in Asia and other parts of the world as we move forward with this strategic partnership. In closing, fiscal 2012 was a reflection of the hard work, tough decisions and strategic investments that have established the foundation for future growth and value creation for our customers, our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. As we turn the page on this year, we have tremendous opportunities to continue to accelerate our strategies and expand our purpose to help customers get, stay and live well around the world. As a result of the decisions and actions made this year, we now have the structure, strategy and talent in place to drive our operating performance forward into the future for some time to come. Thank you, and with that, I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on the call. This morning, I'll take you through our quarterly results and update key considerations for the final quarter of fiscal 2012. As you can see with our results today, we have begun reporting our performance on both a GAAP basis and an adjusted basis, and we plan to continue to do that as we go forward. Why are we doing this? A few reasons. First, we believe our adjusted numbers provide good additional perspective of our normalized underlying business performance. Second, these adjustments are very consistent with how many of our key competitors and peers report their business, so it provides for a better comparison in that regard. And third, with our recent and large Alliance Boots transaction, we feel that now is a good time and helpful time to initiate this change. And lastly, many in the investment community have commented to us that this additional perspective would be value added. Our non-GAAP adjustments include the LIFO provision, hence converting earnings to FIFO; special charges or gains, such as costs associated with large acquisitions or divestitures; and finally, amortization related to acquisitions and divestitures. For the quarter, we reported a GAAP EPS of $0.39 based on 895 million shares diluted. To get to the adjusted EPS for the quarter, you need to add back the LIFO provision, which was $0.10 per share; the special charges related to the closing of Alliance Boots investment, and this $0.09 charge includes transaction expenses, interest expense and the effects of share issuance and non-deductible expenses for tax related to the transaction; and finally, $0.05 for existing acquisition-related amortization in the quarter. The sum of these yields an adjusted EPS of $0.63 for the quarter. And as Greg stated earlier, this result is versus an adjusted EPS of $0.66 in the year-ago quarter. Also, keep in mind that since we will be rewarding Alliance Boots using equity method accounting on a one-month lag, no Alliance Boots income is included in our reported net income on a GAAP or adjusted basis this fiscal year or fiscal quarter. Compared to the prior year's quarter, the strategic decision to not be part of Express Scripts pharmacy network as of January 1, 2012, impacted our quarterly results by a net $0.06 per diluted share, including cost controls and a total of $0.21 per diluted share for the fiscal year, consistent with our previously stated estimate. For historical perspective, we are providing both GAAP and adjusted EPS data for the last 12 quarters and 3 fiscal years. Note that GAAP EPS for fiscal 2012 is $2.42 versus $2.94 in fiscal 2011, while the adjusted EPS of $2.93 in fiscal 2012 was equal to the adjusted EPS of $2.93 in fiscal 2011. And as you can see, the adjusted data is helpful in understanding the normalized business performance. Now let me provide more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. As you may already know, comparable scripts in the quarter were impacted by the loss of Express Scripts business. Comparable prescription sales decreased by 12.8%. Comparable front-end sales decreased by 1.3% over a strong prior year period, and total comp sales decreased 8.7%. Comparable prescription sales decreased 8%, and comparable prescription sales were down to a much greater degree, primarily due to the increased introductions of new generics. Now this slide really illustrates the impact on comparable store script numbers. For the latest 3 quarters we were not part of the Express Scripts network versus the prior year. The comp store script trends were down 8% in the fourth quarter, which was a sequential improvement over the third quarter, which was down 9.1%, while the 2-year stack was essentially flat. Moving to our front end. Traffic in the quarter decreased by 3.2%, and basket size increased by 1.9%, and the front-end comp decreased by 1.3%. The primary drivers behind these decreases were the impact of Express Scripts and the move to rebalance our overall promotional spending, which we believe is directionally right. While we achieved a solid margin benefit, we will continue to work to strike the best balance between sales and profitable growth. Here, also, the 2-year stack was essentially flat. Turning to margin. Our FIFO gross margin was 29.1% in the current quarter compared to 28.5% last year, a 60-basis-point improvement. Pharmacy margins increased as a result of new generics and were partially offset by reimbursement in Specialty Pharma mix. The front end was positively impacted by OTC drugs, household and personal care categories, offset by E-Commerce mix, which is a solid contributor to gross profit dollars but at a lower margin than our balance of business. We are pleased with the performance of walgreens.com, as well as the drugstore.com acquisition, which continues to exceed our baseline expectations. Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, it's important to note that this quarter's 60-basis-point improvement was against a 20-basis-point decrease a year ago. The margin trend is reflective of the impact of our new promotional and pricing strategy in Health and Daily Living and the impact of generics on our pharmacy. On a GAAP basis, 2-year stack SG&A dollar growth trends continue to improve, in part driven by cost interventions we took to help offset the loss of Express Scripts business in the quarter. Net of the special charges related to Alliance Boots and the acquisition-related amortization, SG&A in the quarter was down $41 million behind excellent cost control. Two-year stacked adjusted SG&A trends dramatically improved versus a year ago, with 3.4% growth in the fourth quarter of 2012, down from 15.2% last year. The current quarter's decrease was primarily a result of lower comparable store expenses and lower headquarter expenses, which were partially offset by SG&A related to investments in the business. With respect to managing our store labor expenses, I want to personally extend a thank you to all of our team members for again pulling together this quarter and the entire fiscal year. To get to our adjusted SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our reported SG&A dollar growth of 0.2% included 120 basis points of Alliance Boots transaction-related costs, resulting in adjusted SG&A dollar growth of negative 1%. These costs are primarily related to legal and advisory fees. This slide illustrates our quarterly gross profit dollar trends for the past 8 quarters on a GAAP basis, and the next slide will show the same information on an adjusted basis. The trend in the adjusted gross profit dollar growth data shows the impact of the loss of Express Scripts customers. Gross profit dollar growth slowed from a positive 3.2% in the first quarter versus a negative 3.2% in the fourth quarter, but please bear in mind this wide range of gross profit dollar growth as you think about our quarterly performance in fiscal year '13. Even though we're winning back Express Scripts customers, this quarter comparison will be difficult until we cycle the first of the calendar year. Following the same construct, this slide shows SG&A dollar growth trends for the past 8 quarters on a GAAP basis, and the next slide shows the same information on an adjusted basis. The adjusted SG&A dollar growth trend again highlights the effort made by the company to offset the loss of the gross profit dollars related to Express Scripts. Adjusted SG&A dollar growth slowed from roughly 4% to 5% in the first half of the year to a negative approximately 1% to 2% in the second half of the fiscal year. The fourth quarter showed slightly higher adjusted SG&A dollar growth versus the third quarter, but this is primarily due to added expenses for new investments in the business that I referred to earlier. Focusing on our income statement. This quarter included a LIFO provision of $132 million versus $60 million a year ago. The key driver behind the higher LIFO reserve was overall brand pharmacy inflation, which accelerated significantly in the quarter to almost 2x the rate a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 3.3%, up from 2.4% a year ago. Net interest expense was $37 million, including the impact of the Alliance Boots acquisition, up from $15 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate was 35.8% versus 36.7% last year. Average diluted shares outstanding were 895 million shares. The change in shares are primarily due to the impact of share repurchases, partially offset by the one-month impact of the 83.4 million shares issued due to the Alliance Boots investment versus 911 million shares a year ago. And shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal were 944 million shares. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.3 billion versus $1.6 billion a year ago, with the reduction largely driven by our commitment to return cash to shareholders and invest in strategic opportunities. Overall, working capital decreased by 15.9% versus a year ago, heavily benefited by lower inventory levels. Accounts receivable decreased by 13.2%, while accounts payable decreased by 8.9%. Improvements in inventory management, both in underlying performance and adjustments to manage Express Scripts situation, led to a 12.5% decrease in total inventories. On inventory, total FIFO inventory decreased by 7.3% in the quarter versus 0.8% decrease in total sales, and FIFO inventories decreased by 9.3% on a per-store basis. Now also remember that some inventory will build back as Express Scripts customers return to Walgreen. During the fourth quarter, we generated $768 million in cash from operations, up 112% from $362 million a year ago, and we continued our strong cash flow trends. Free cash flow in the quarter was $320 million. For the fiscal year, we generated a record $4.4 billion in cash from operations, up 22% from fiscal 2011, largely driven by a solid operating performance and strong working capital management. And for the fiscal year, free cash flow was also a record at $2.9 billion and up 19% from the prior year. As one of our core capital allocation priorities, we continue to return surplus cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we returned $194 million in dividends. For the fiscal year 2012, we returned $1.9 billion, including approximately $787 million in dividends and $1.2 billion through share repurchases. Given our Alliance Boots transaction, we do not anticipate additional share repurchases in the near term. This fiscal year, we also increased the quarterly dividend rate by 22.2% to $0.275 per share, consistent with our previously stated goal of returning cash to shareholders through dividends with a targeted dividend payout ratio of 30% to 35%. We are proud to have paid a dividend for 319 straight quarters, more than 79 years, and we have now increased our dividend for the 37th consecutive year. For the past 5 years, Walgreen's annual dividend rate has increased from $0.38 per share to $1.10 per share, resulting in a compound annual growth rate of nearly 24%. Let's transition now to Alliance Boots and our fiscal year 2016 goals. We continue to believe that the strategic fit, financial returns and stepwise execution of this partnership is going to be a great thing for our stakeholders. As Greg said, our efforts to deliver real synergies, enhance capabilities and change the strategic landscape in the U.S., Europe and other geographies around the world are off to a very solid start. We shared our Walgreens Alliance Boots 2016 goals with you on the day of our strategic partnership announcement, and I want to briefly revisit those with you now. At that time, we showed you a LIFO operating income goal of $8.5 billion to $9 billion. To stay in sync with our go-forward adjusted reporting framework, we are also providing an adjusted operating income goal of $9 billion to $9.5 billion for fiscal year 2016. In addition, we provided a fiscal year 2016 goal of approximately $7 billion of operating cash flow. With further financial model refinement, we are changing our fiscal year 2016 goal to be approximately $8 billion. All other stated goals remain the same, such as our $0.23 to $0.27 fiscal year '13 accretion goal, excluding special items; our $100 million to $150 million fiscal year '13 combined synergy goal, leading to a combined synergy goal of $1 billion or more by fiscal 2016; and at the end of fiscal 2016, a combined net debt of $11 billion or less. While we realize that this accounting period is complex, given items such as the transaction-related charges and the one-month reporting lag, our pro forma financial information filed with our debt offering at our next quarter earnings release should help to provide more clarity. We are anticipating that in fiscal year 2013, we will have approximately $0.05 of special items associated with the transaction, such as advisory fees, associated legal entity establishment, expatriate moves and key dedicated resources. Also, during the first quarter of fiscal '13, we will recognize approximately $25 million of expense related to the inventory step-up component of our Alliance Boots investment, which is amortized over the first inventory turn in addition to other transaction-related amortization. This slide illustrates the rate maturity schedule for our recent $4 billion debt offering. The offering was extremely well executed and well received by the market. The weighted average rate for the $4 billion was just over 2.2%, with the weighted average maturity of 8.7 years. Our current balance sheet debt portfolio is $6.4 billion, which has a weighted average maturity of 6.8 years with an average rate of approximately 2.75%, including our interest rate swaps and assuming current LIBOR rates. Our capital allocation policy has changed only modestly. We intend to continue to invest in our core strategies, such as our new stores, Well Experience journey, loyalty and a multi-channel experience, and we will continue to invest in strategic opportunities that support and reinforce our core. We will continue to return cash to shareholders in the form of dividends, and finally, our intent is to continue to maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet. In closing, while we've had some challenges in the quarter, we had many significant milestones, which set us up very well for the future. Overall, we were pleased with our year. Given these challenges, we still had solid margins, exceptional expense management, record cash flow and returned significant cash to shareholders. But importantly, we continued to move our business forward against our key strategies, including our continued investment in our Well Experience pilot stores, which hold strong promise moving forward. We invested in and successfully deployed best-in-class technologies, such as our new POS system, and we expanded our omni-channel leadership in health and well-being. We launched our new Balance Rewards program, which is off to a strong start, and we've dramatically accelerated and enhanced our private brand portfolio. We continued expanding community pharmacy services through new and enhanced offerings, such as our 90-Day launch, broadened vaccination and immunizations. And we formed deeper partnerships with many key players, including managed care, pharma, PBMs, hospital systems, physician networks and employers. And we also embarked on a truly watershed journey for our country, as Walgreens and Alliance Boots work together to create what we believe will become the global leader in the pharmacy-led health and well-being space. With combined retail stores and distribution touch points of more than 180,000 in 26 countries, I believe we are well positioned to change the paradigm in our industry as the world's largest, most relevant and importantly, most innovative player in our space. Together, we are well positioned for growth, uniquely positioned to leverage our mutual capabilities and assets for our customers and suppliers and confidently positioned for delivering synergies and creating value. No doubt, this year has been one with many ups and downs given the stance that we took for the long-term shareholder value, and for all of you who stood by us, I want to thank you for all of your support. We will continue to work hard to deliver on our commitments to you. And with that, I turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Wolf of BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Wade, on your exposition on the net number for the impact from Express Scripts, I think you've talked about there's a lot of labor taken out under cost, but I assume mainly labor. And I think you've talked about as that business can come back, that can be leveraged at a rate where the variable cost -- the labor doesn't have to come back at the same rate. Could you just give us an update on your thinking in that regard?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, that's absolutely true. I mean, most of the costs we took out will not come back. What we will do is we will do things -- where we see higher volumes of Express, we will put the proper labor back and adjustments like that. But for the most part, I would say that we have very strong leverage on it, and most of the cost will not come back.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So it's just going to be -- I mean, because we're trying to model things sort of mechanically, would it be -- if we came up to an estimate of how much cost was taken out, would it be fair to say maybe half of it would come back once -- a year from now...
Wade D. Miquelon: With respect to store labor, we took for 9%, 10% loss, whatever. In pharmacy sales, we took out I think 2% or so of our labor. So you have a ratio there of 4 or 5:I. So we'll make the right interventions to make sure that we have the right service levels and take care of our patients, but really, a lot of the other efforts that we did to be more focused with respect to projects corporately, efforts we made across calls and other things, those are sustainable interventions.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And the other question I'd like to ask before moving on to the next is if you do the adjusted EPS and add back the Express Scripts impact, you get about a 5% growth this quarter, 7% for the year. And I wonder if you could expand upon are there any kind of opportunity costs, let's say less front-end sales, for example, that are not necessarily quantified but that you either can expand upon or perhaps even quantify?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I think your math is probably fairly close. I think I guess one thing is, obviously, there have been some challenges in the overall economy. But I think as we go forward, I guess what I would say from this point forward, I see that we have good tailwinds. I think we have the Express Scripts situation behind us. And so whatever we win back, we'll win back, but that will be a tailwind. We've got -- as Greg said, we're very well situated with many of the other players, and we feel that we're going to be well versed to gain share. We've got the loyalty program, which has been invested in heavily upfront, and now, it's off and running very successfully. And we have the Alliance Boots close and the initiation, all the work behind us as well. And so now we move forward with them into our forecast for growth and accretion. So I think you probably have a pretty good framework there, and I think, moving forward, I would just put that on top of it.
Gregory D. Wasson: And Andy, I would add a lot of the work that we've done over the past year, such as our effort to really accelerate private brand, the completion of CCR last spring, the enhanced products we're putting with fresh food and meal consumption and so forth, all that, we feel very good about being -- delivered strong tailwinds for us.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: The way you calculate the $0.06 and the $0.21, that's a pharmacy only? Or is that trying to include the front end?
Wade D. Miquelon: That includes the front end as well.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, it's a technical question on the -- the LIFO charge was way higher than I think I expected and probably everyone else. And inventories were down a lot for the year. Does this happen to be something to do with the layers you got into are more inflationary? It's just sort of a much bigger swing than I would have thought. If you could just give us an explanation of that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, it's pretty simple is what I said, even though there's a lot of different moving parts that happen in the calculation, the reality is that the brand inflation in the fourth quarter and particularly, in July and August -- I believe we had, last year, around 2.5%. In the quarter, it was about 5%, so almost doubling. So when you consider the size of our brands and brands and inventory, those kind of movements have a huge impact. That doesn't mean that will sustain back and forth. I think part of the point of going adjusted, especially the FIFO, is that is a much clearer picture of how our operation and our business and our profitability comes in than the LIFO. So it's an additional perspective that will allow people to see our business both on maybe more of a normalized perspective or this additional perspective but also, how others view it.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So that's branded pharma or the front end?
Wade D. Miquelon: That was branded pharma. It was -- not the generic piece but the branded pharma piece. In particular, the inflation was again basically double of what we saw a year prior, and it really kicked up in July and August with 3 or 4 brands in particular.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Magee of SunTrust Robinson.
David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Greg, I wanted to ask, you mentioned the 3 buckets as far as how you look at the customer recovery process. Could you comment, I guess, based on your past experience, what the -- maybe the relative sizes of those buckets are thought to be?
Gregory D. Wasson: David, it's kind of hard to say. I think, certainly, bucket one typically is the easiest and most quickly to come back, and that's what I said on the call. We're seeing that. It really comes down to 3 things: convenience, the relationship and service that these folks were forced away from. And we think we win in all 3 of those. I think we're extremely convenient. We think that we've had folks who, in that first bucket especially, have had relationships over the years, and we give great service. I think we'll find out more and more as we get into this. There's a lot of things that come into that. As we've seen clients sending communication to their members, they come back quickly. And that's the reason I said as more plans notify their members, I think we'll see probably bucket two become even easier for us. So it's hard to dimensionalize, but I tried to put it in those 3 buckets just so you can also understand kind of our spend, because I think there's also some concerns or thoughts out there that we're going to get into a price war for these patients. And we're certainly going to spend our marketing dollars strategically across those 3 buckets and get the ROI that we need or we expect to get from that.
David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then just secondly, can you talk a little bit about the -- what you're seeing with reimbursements in the U.K. for Boots and what the prospects are there over the next 12 months?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think there is some noise along the lines of the reimbursement cuts that the U.K. or England put into place last week. I think the main thing is that was absolutely budgeted and anticipated by Alliance Boots. They've been in this -- doing this for years, and obviously, that's an annual adjustment. So it was expected, so it won't impact their budget, their performance and therefore, also won't impact our accretion numbers as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Kelly of Crdit Suisse.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I just ask a quick follow-up on the U.K. reimbursement cuts before I get into another question?
Gregory D. Wasson: Sure.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you quantify what the impact is going to be on Alliance Boots there?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I would say what Greg said, that basically, versus our budget and versus our accretion number, there is no impact. There has basically been austerity measures every year at least for the last 3 years in England. And with respect to the formula and the clawback and the provision and how they budget it, it was pretty much expected.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Wade, as we think about this business going forward, is this -- we're obviously not all familiar with the U.K., but is this something that we need to really focus on pretty strongly around this time of the year? Because it does seem like it was a decent-sized cut.
Wade D. Miquelon: I can tell you that the Alliance Boots folks are far more expert than myself. But after deep discussions with them and getting to understand it is -- this is something that continues to go for year after year after year but basically inherent in the overall -- it's much more complex than on the surface, the inherent model of mix, the move towards generics, you've got to pay for service fees. They believe that they've got the forecast budget in their model, and they've very well predicting that. So it's something I would not concern yourself with. I would say that it is in our next year estimate, and it's also inherent in our 2016 goals with respect to their best knowledge.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And now that you've closed on the deal, and you're almost a couple of months in, thinking more about synergies, that type of stuff, how do you feel relative to the accretion estimate that you gave initially? Is there a potential for upside?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, we're certainly -- Ed, we're confident in the number we gave and for a variety of reasons. The majority of that is cost opportunities, and we've got the synergy teams in place that have been working on this, frankly, even months before we closed, to give us some real insight as to what's available. And the more we work together and the more they spend time together, the more confidence we get in the number. Do we think there's additional opportunity out there? I think typically, when you bring 2 organizations like this together, certainly, you find additional opportunities you didn't even anticipate to begin with. But we want to make sure we deliver the number we gave, and we feel very confident we can do that.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on Express Scripts, I know you guys have been optimistic about the amount of customers you're going to win back. Do you have some expectation there that you could share with us in terms of what you think you'll get back for '13?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, it's -- we don't want to get in the game of predicting the future, because it's impossible to fully predict. We've got a lot of history of being on networks in the past. We've had some Express customers come back over the past few months. We have a variety of data points. I think that as Greg said, we're pretty confident that a significant number of them came to us in the first place because they preferred our format, our location, our service, our relationships. So that's the reason I think that we're going to see a significant -- a number of them come back. I mean, initially, you've seen, obviously, a lot of players doing very aggressive promotional things to try to maintain them, but we're still seeing the customer flow back. But at the end of the day, the reality is you can't promote forever too. People will ultimately choose the pharmacy that's the best choice for them broadly. And I think as Greg talked about the 3 buckets and sort of a time flow through that of the ones that come first but then others, over time, also chose you for a reason. And I think that we're going to continue to win back customers not only in the short term but over many long periods of time. It's like this is a very long tailwind, quite frankly.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. And Ed, that's the reason we think it's important to really focus on the comps, as I said, because not only, obviously, as the ESI customers return, it's going to impact our comp, but there's a lot of moving parts both from moving from one plan to another. And certainly, we'll be picking up the business there. But also, and I really want to emphasize this, in addition to trying to work through it, reach an acceptable agreement with Express Scripts, which we're glad we did and met our core principles, we were out working all year long with all of our other partners to build relationships to grow our share there. And frankly, we feel very good with how we're positioned in the total marketplace to grow our total accounts.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I assume that the more scripts you get, the higher the incremental margin on those scripts are going to be. And obviously, there's some upfront spending on advertising, and I've seen some other stuff you're doing in the marketplace. So any -- can you give us some sense as to what percentage of that business you have to win back before you break even to start and then start moving into the black?
Wade D. Miquelon: I would say this. I would just say that some of the estimates on the upside I've seen are wildly grossly exaggerated when you get the actual math of what it costs and promotional spend. And I think the reality is that for the most part, it's incremental profit almost from the get-go. Yes, there's some marketing spend, but the reality is when you understand how it's executed and how the mix works, each script brings incremental value. So again, I think there's some numbers out there which maybe don't fully contemplate how the spending actually works.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just last question for you on gross margin. I actually thought that it would have been a little better this quarter, because generics did ramp, and you mentioned your comparison being easier. I guess my question is what are we learning about the generic wave so far? And then how should we think about the FIFO gross margin over the next couple of quarters as the waves continues to grow? Is there still upside to do better from here over the next couple of quarters?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, good question. I would say that kind of year-on-year, our gross profit dollars proxy, what we really look at, we're basically roughly similar. We had some benefit from generics. We had a little offset from some overall -- we had very high 90-Day growth, which is overall net gross profit dollar positive and a good payout but a little bit lower there for the benefit we provide and then some other general compression and a little bit of year-on-year vendor mix. But I think we feel that our rates are fundamentally very solid. I don't think we've ever felt that we've had a commercial book that is stable across the players and has good solid long-term relationships. We expect the generic wave will continue to benefit throughout fiscal 2013. But one thing we've also done through many of our contracts is we've really worked hard to, I guess, I would say put in kind of constructs that allow us good rates, not just through generic waves but beyond thereafter. So versus having a very volatile and riding the ups and downs as heavily, I think that we've put in what I would call good sustainability into our rate structure, and that's what I think you're going to see for a long period to come.
Gregory D. Wasson: And that, Ed, we think it makes sense for the long term. So to reemphasize what Wade's saying is we think that setting ourselves up so that we have predictable sustainable reimbursements with our generics over the life of a relationship versus the high volatility we may get in the first 6 months and then not having control or predictability throughout the life of the contract absolutely makes sense for us long term. We also -- I do note that -- what I would add as well is that we also work with a few of our key partners and made some minor market adjustments to help them be competitive in the marketplace and therefore, also put us in a preferred position with them to help win business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the question on the generic drugs maybe for Kermit, do we still have the peak of the profit period ahead of us on generics? And when do you think we start to roll off of the very strong margin period from this wave of generics we're in right now?
Kermit R. Crawford: Well, Mark, we are certainly at the peak of the generic wave in 2013 as we look at our fiscal year, and we will begin to roll off as we get more into '14. But certainly, with the Lipitor, PLAVIX, SEROQUEL, Lexapro, we're right at the peak of that generic wave right now, and 2013 will be one of our better years.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And for Wade, just sort of a more follow-up on the U.K. cuts there on reimbursement rates. Is there some concern that this could kind of filter across to the wholesale business for Alliance as well as time progresses? With all the governments under fiscal pressure, wouldn't there be some risk of those reimbursement rates coming down kind of across Europe?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, the austerity in Europe and health care in a single-payer system is nothing that's new. I think that the dynamics there and the reason the business performance is very solidly there, and we believe will continue to do so, are many. One is they run a very good business, very differentiated in how they work with not only their customers, but also with their suppliers. And so you see that in various agreements that are exclusive or preferred. But separately, what you've seen across Europe and will continue to see is more and more governments pushing for more generics versus brands as a key lever to save money. And in Southern Europe, generic presentation [ph] is only 30%. In Northern Europe, it's at 50%. So they can make, as a wholesaler as well as retailer, [indiscernible] can make better penny profit on generics, which can save governments money and it's good for them. It's only the wholesale chain, because there's so many independents, is a vital part of the ecosystem of health care in Europe. You have to have wholesalers, and pharmacies are very valued, but they play a very vital role in distributing and serving them. And secondly is you are going to see that apart from that, you continue to see more pharma companies to save money as they get pressure from the governments. They're actually outsourcing more and more activities to the health care distributors, like Alliance, and that's allowing them to really ladder up and value up, because they can do things that are more cost effectively for big pharma. And so that's another way. And then finally, the European wholesale market is not as consolidated as it is in North America. There's lots of smaller players. And so some of the tougher economies, they're just having a hard time funding, keeping standards up and service levels, whatever, and that gives Alliance an opportunity to continue to grow and continue to capture share. So I think the dynamics, again, this is not new to Europe, but the dynamics actually in the wholesale business being a vital part of the ecosystem and being such a low margin business, actually have a lot of good momentum from this as well.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And Greg, just a little more color on that third bucket. It sounds like it's going to be a little harder to get those people to switch back. You had alluded to some planned changes and some other factors there. What other things can we look for to kind of win back that third group that's difficult to transfer back?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Mark, I think, probably, time. But also, as far as the plans, there will be some plans that have changed or are going to another plan that will pick up on the -- after the first of the year. Absolutely, we think that's the smallest bucket of the 3, and that's why -- and that's where you have to balance and we have to balance what makes sense from a return on investment on the marketing dollars that we want to spend and how big that bucket is. So we think, obviously, bucket one's the largest. We've had people -- we've had patients out there that have been coming back to our stores almost weekly to ask, "Have we settled?" They were the ones that have come in the first couple of weeks and will continue to come in. Bucket two, we think, is probably where we should spend our money intelligently. And then our third bucket, as I said, I think it's the smallest of the 3, and there we just have to really decide how much we want to spend there.
Wade D. Miquelon: And sort of the way I view bucket three is those people may have gone to another pharmacy for whatever reason, it was more convenient for them or a better format or better relationship, and so they may make that choice. But there's a huge universe out there of 80% of the population that may be going somewhere else via Express Scripts to the other places that may find that we're a better choice for them. So I think what we need to do is be pragmatic about which of these customers are the right return to get, but I think that where we're going with all the other initiatives that we would be myopic to only focus on that versus the larger universe of patients that we can go after.
Kermit R. Crawford: And Mark, and let me add. We have a good communication plan in place to make these patients aware. I mean, we have direct mail, direct communication with our stores, our $25 transfer program, it's -- on our reader boards within our stores. And through both our mobile and our regular process, transferring a prescription back is a very easy process. I mean, patients -- this is real easy for patients to transfer their prescriptions back either through our mobile app or to come in our stores and talk to their trusted pharmacist.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Jefferies & Company.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to get into the working capital, Wade, a little bit and just -- it looks like it was a pretty big benefit to your cash flows and just trying to understand will some of this reverse next year. It looks like it was, for the fiscal year, over $700 million in the plus column for cash flow from ops. And you normally would use a little there, not every year, but you do tend to use, and I was wondering if you could kind of give us some flavor on how repeatable that is.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, some of the inventory will come back, but I'd say that the bulk of our inventory was actually real sustainable progress that we've put into our business. So some of the inventory will certainly come back as the customers come back. But we are -- I guess the 30,000 [indiscernible] that we are very focused not only on earnings, but also on cash. And that's one of the reasons that we want to give simple amount of information on adjusted earnings, because we really, in some regard, are very strong cash, cash EPS-type company. And so again, I think that you're going to see us continue to be very focused on cash. Receivables and payables over time, tend to more follow the business in sales without major adjustment in terms but I think with respect to inventory, not only from a cash perspective but just as the team really works on providing the right [indiscernible]. So call it better service and better quality with lower cost and capital that's employed, we believe that we're doing things structurally over time will help us continue that journey.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Scott, I would add that we have a very efficient system, and you saw the efficiency when we took this product out. And we don't expect excess inventory coming back as we begin to replenish based on volume. We know specifically where the volume is, and we'll be able to replenish accordingly.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you think you'll be a user of working cap next year?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, what I would say is we're not going to give a guidance on it in per se. But I would say that improvements, like inventory and things, when you adjust out the additional customers from Express Scripts, et cetera, we would assume that we will continue to make improvements.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. Second question has to do with Express. I'm just trying to understand a little bit about how many of the 90 million scripts you actually think you'll have an opportunity to get back at. In other words, we've seen TRICARE go one way. We've seen WellPoint go another, which is helpful to you. Do you have any idea, of those 90 million scripts, how many actually we'll have an opportunity to bring back?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I would say that outside the DOD, if -- without giving an exact percentage, almost all, right, but percentage wise. So we believe there's a big opportunity ahead of us, and again, we will see at what pace and frequency we go.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you think 65 million is a good -- almost all that would -- DOD is there. Maybe there's a few tag ins, do you think 65 million is a decent estimate?
Wade D. Miquelon: Look, I'm not going to give an exact number, but your math is probably not too far off.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then the second -- the third question I have -- I have lots of questions, but the third one I guess I'll ask is just regarding guidance. There is none. Also visibility into Alliance Boots. I mean, clearly, we have, as analysts, just a tremendous amount to try to take a look at here, and this U.K. thing I think obviously took some people by surprise. Are you guys going to get the Alliance Boots team to talk every quarter? How do we look at this as analysts, where we own 45% of this business, but there's really almost no visibility into what's going on with that business? And then vis--vis guidance, how -- is there any thought process of providing at least a little direction here? It sounds like you think people are off quite a bit on how they're thinking about the incremental scripts. I didn't exactly understand exactly what you said, Wade. But how do you view this? And what are you going to do for the investment community to provide a little clarity as the company has gotten, obviously, very big, very dispersed, and there's a lot of moving parts? Then I'm done.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I guess first off, we have to keep in mind that Alliance Boots is a private company, and it is an equity investment. So we don't have a controlling position, and we need to respect that. I think that next quarter, you'll get a lot more information. You'll be able to see their numbers. We'll certainly have some history for you, and we'll have some meaningful commentary, I'm sure, on the state of the business. But I also do want to also just -- again, it's not a controlling entity, and it is private. But I think as you see the numbers flow through next quarter and again, the history of the commentary, the things we have, it will help to provide perspective. We certainly have their last annual report, which I think is very comprehensive and detailed, and the world hasn't changed dramatically from that time. And you also have our most recent pro forma with our debt offering, which I think is additional financial color.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, we certainly understand the complexity of it, and I think that's one of the reasons we try to give both a GAAP and a little more clarity with an adjusted number on this call. We'll continue to do that, as we said. I also think our monthly comps and everything that we're trying to provide. But we understand the complexity of it. We try to give as much as we can, but at the same time, as Wade said, they're a private company. We have to respect that as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: With respect to the -- with respect to your question on the ESI win back, I mean, again, I think it's going to be what it's going to be. We're off to a good start, but it's just the beginning. So we'll see how time goes by, and I think it's probably even impossible for us to perfectly predict, because there's lots of moving parts. And I think another -- important part of the question is the preferred partnerships. We work with many others, what happens in that dynamic? At the end of the day, it's all going to fall into one overall comp number regardless of where it comes from.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I mean, for [ph] what its worth, I think itll probably help your P a little bit if you gave a little bit more, so numbers werent all over the place.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. I assume in the monthly releases we get here for the next year, you will disclose the Express impact on script count, that that will continue?
Gregory D. Wasson: John, we -- that's what I meant in the call. We're not going to disclose that. That's highly -- that's competitively sensitive information, as I know -- as I'm sure you understand. And frankly, in addition to that, which is, frankly, the most important reason. In addition to that, it doesn't really show the entire picture. With all the moving parts and plan changes and so forth, as well as the opportunity to grow total share across the entire book of business, that's what we're focused on. That's what this team's challenged to do, is grow our total share, but the main reason is that's just information that we don't think we want to give for competitive reasons.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So it'll be difficult for us to really track the recovery rate, right?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, what we'd rather -- John, what I'd really rather you focus on, everybody focus on, exactly what we're focused on is our total comp growth. And because for us to just focus on one plan versus the entire market, you wouldn't want us doing that.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think the comp backs will us a cleaner -- leading back into a cleaner estimate of the progress we're making with them and others.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So on that, if I look at the buckets you talked about, tell me if this is wrong. So you would think that -- and I recognize September is a partial month. Then October, we would see a step-up in script count sequentially, obviously, get less negative. And would we then see -- do you think we then see another one in January -- when we think about that second bucket that takes time and maybe people need to get the literature for their new plan year, do you think that's the way it plays out? Or it's more gradual than that?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think you're going to see -- I think, personally, I mean -- and you never know, but my opinion is that you're going to see us kind of increase our comp, obviously, for these 2 weeks. And then you have the full October and it's going to kind of -- if there was going to be some slope of a line. And when you get to January, you'll have a step-up, and then you'll have a slope and a step-up.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And in that second bucket, when do you think -- based on what you just said, do you think it's then, I don't know, early next year, where you can truly gauge how much of that you're getting back and if you're not getting back what you want, make an adjustment? Or do you think you get a read on that sooner than early next year?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. As I said, I think in 3 or 4 months, we're going to have a pretty good gauge as to what's in all 3 of those buckets. Certainly, we're not going to wait for 3 to 4 months to begin to contact and go after whoever may be in each of those 3. Again, we're just -- make sure that we go at it intelligently. The great thing is the timing of our Balance Rewards, our loyalty launch allows us to even more strategically approach and talk to these folks. So we're going to -- we'll know more in 3 to 4 months, but certainly, we're not going to wait for 3 or 4 months to determine what our next step is.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then just on Balance Rewards, do you -- so 2 things. Do you think that -- is that likely to impact front end more than script count or the other way around? And what do you think the trajectory on that is in terms of the education process? Is that a more -- I would think that's going to be a more gradual -- even though you've signed 12 million people up, they've got to figure out the program -- a more gradual trajectory or no?
Gregory D. Wasson: We think -- first of all, the first question, we think it will impact both pharmacy and the front end, and that's the way we designed it.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: But not one more than the other?
Gregory D. Wasson: Pardon?
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Not one more than the other?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think we really want to kind of focus on both. And then as far as the gradual -- we feel very good getting out of the gate early and 12 days being ahead of our forecast with nearly 12 million signed up. I think we're going to see a pretty vertical line here. We feel pretty good with the momentum we have right now.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, John. And just to capitalize on what Greg said, I mean, in the pilots we did, we saw that we were able to basically move the needle in both. And again, it's a balanced program which is linked to Well, and it's hopefully a motive beyond just discounts, but we did see that. I do think if you look by any other benchmark of enrollment, what we've been able to do in a short period of time is multiples beyond any other program enrollment I've seen, and I think that speaks to the enthusiasm people have for what we've deployed.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Rick Hans for any closing remarks.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report September sales on October 3, and we will report first quarter 2013 results on Friday, December 21. I'm also pleased to announce we'll host our next Investor Day in London on February 13, followed by a field trip to Alliance Boots facilities in Nottingham on February 14. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-06-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dane Leone - Macquarie Research Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Walgreens Co. Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Walgreens Vice President of Investor Relations; Rick Hans, you may begin.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you. Good morning, again. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Due to the media commitments as a result of our earlier announcement regarding our investment in Alliance Boots, Greg will not be joining us on the call today. Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will update you on the quarter. Following his prepared remarks, we will be available to take your questions. After the call, the presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Statements in these materials and the accompanying presentation that are not historical are forward-looking statements made based on current market, business and regulatory expectations and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q filings and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Today's presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliation. Now I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning, I'll take you through our quarterly results and update key considerations for the final quarter of -- for the quarter of fiscal 2012. Beginning with our results today, we posted third quarter sales of $17.8 billion, down 3.4% from $18.4 billion a year ago. Third quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.62, down 4.9% compared to $0.65 in the year ago quarter. Despite lower earnings, cash generation continued to be strong as cash flow from operations in the quarter was an all-time record of $1.9 billion and free cash flow was $1.5 billion. Through the first nine months of the fiscal year, operating cash flow was also a record at $3.7 billion. We returned $371 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $176 million in stock repurchases. Compared to the prior year, the strategic decision to no longer be part of Express Scripts Pharmacy Network as of January 1, 2012 impacted our quarterly results by a net $0.06 per diluted share including cost controls, at a total of $0.15 per diluted share year-to-date. This year's quarter was also negatively impacted by $0.01 per diluted share due to the costs related to our previously announced definitive agreement to enter into a strategic transaction and partnership with Alliance Boots, the leading international pharmacy-led health and beauty group, which we announced earlier today. For the year, we continue to expect the full year net impact from exiting the Express Scripts Pharmacy Network to be around $0.21 per diluted share. In summary, we were pleased with our financial results, and the quarter including good cost management, record cash flows, solid earnings per share and significant cash returned to our shareholders. As you can see, our gross profit dollar growth was down $140 million or 2.7%, which was in line with our expectations, while SG&A dollar growth decreased by $62 million or 1.6%, reflecting outstanding SG&A control during the quarter. As discussed on our last call, as evidenced in our results this quarter, the benefits to our SG&A efforts weight more heavily to the second half of our fiscal year. Taking it all together, the spread between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was negative $78 million. Let me now give you more detail on our comparable store sales for the quarter. As you already know, comparable prescription sales decreased 9.9%; comp front-end sales decreased 0.9% over a strong prior year period; and total comp sales decreased 6.6%, with comp prescriptions filled decreasing 9.1%. Our third quarter 2012 prescription comp of negative 9.1% and on a 2-year stacked basis, comparable scripts decreased 4.5% versus a 7.2% increase a year ago. To better understand our prescription trends, we have isolated the impacts of Express Scripts day fall and cough/cold/flu, adding back the 10.7% negative impact we experienced from exiting the Express Scripts network, to reconcile to an adjusted 1.6% prescription growth rate, which compares favorably to the industry, including Walgreens, which decreased at 0.3% over the same period per IMS. Adding back the 40 basis point impact from a weaker cough/cold and flu season, along with a 10 basis point impact for the day fall, adjustment calculates an underlying prescription comp of 2.1%. Moving to our front-end, traffic in the quarter decreased by 2.6%, and basket size increased by 1.7%, and the front-end comp decreased by 0.9%. The primary drivers behind these decreases were the impact of Express Scripts and the changes to our pricing promotion strategy, which we continue to believe are directionally right. While we achieved a solid margin benefit from this change, we will continue to balance and find the right trade-offs between sales and profitable growth. Turning to margin, our gross margin as a percent of sales was 28.2% in the current quarter compared to 28.1% last year. Pharmacy margins increased as a result of new generics but partially offset by reimbursement, specialty pharmacy mix and a higher LIFO provision. The front-end was positively impacted by convenience and fresh foods, household items and nonprescription drug categories, offset by e-commerce mix. Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, it's important to note that this quarter's 10 basis point improvement was against the 50 basis point improvement a year ago, with both front-end and pharmacy cycling strong margins. Finally, this quarter and for the remainder of the calendar year, please keep in mind that the comparability of gross profit dollar growth will be impacted by the loss of prescriptions relating to exiting the Express Scripts network. SG&A in the quarter was down $62 million in absolute dollars as cost control this quarter was outstanding. 2-year stacked SG&A trends dramatically improved versus a year ago, with 5.6% growth in the third quarter of 2012, down from 15.8% last year. Recall that last year's 2-year stack included expenses related to the Duane Reade acquisition in 2010, whereas the current year's comparison includes expenses from our drugstore.com acquisition in 2011. The current quarter's decrease was primarily a result of lower comparable store expenses, which were partially offset by investments in strategic initiatives and capabilities. With respect to managing our store labor expenses, I want to personally extend a thank you to all of our team members for pulling together during this time of cost reduction. After adjusting for costs related to the drugstore.com operations and integration, our 2-year stacked SG&A growth improved 4.2% in the third quarter versus 12.4% a year ago. To get to our core SG&A dollar growth, you could see that our reported SG&A, a decrease of 1.6%, included 60 basis points of integration and operational costs related to the drugstore.com acquisition, resulting in an adjusted SG&A of negative 2.2%. Recall that the drugstore.com transaction closed in June 2011, and that this will be the last quarter where it's a noncomparable event. To help frame the fourth quarter, it may be helpful to look at last year's trends. This slide shows our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 7 quarters. You can see that our gross profit dollar growth comparisons become easier in the fourth quarter as we fully cycle out of the non-comparable impact of the Duane Reade acquisition, despite year-on-year negative impact from the our recent BioScrip specialty acquisition. Following the same construct, you can see that SG&A dollar growth decreased 1.6% in the third quarter of fiscal 2012, versus an increase of 7.2% a year ago, as the benefits of cost reduction efforts began to materialize. Please note that in the fourth quarter, we face a more challenging SG&A dollar growth comparison of 4.8%, having cycled out of the impact from the drugstore.com acquisition. As you estimate the upcoming fourth quarter, you should consider the following points: We expect the net impact of -$0.006 related to -- -$0.06 related to our decision to exit the Express Scripts network. Gross profit comparisons get easier during the last quarter of the year. We expect to benefit from a higher level of new generic introductions in the fourth quarter versus a year ago, including the third quarter launches of generic versions of Lexapro, SEROQUEL and PLAVIX; we will have some cost associated with the Alliance Boots transaction, the magnitude of which in part will be determined by the actual closing date of the first step. Taking you through our income statement, this quarter included a LIFO provision of $60 million versus $50 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 2.5%, up from 2.25% a year ago. Net interest expense was $17 million, down from $18 million a year ago, and our effective tax rate was 37.2% versus 35.4% last year, and average diluted shares outstanding were 855 million versus 922 million a year ago, due primarily to our share repurchase program. Cash and cash equivalents were $2 billion versus $2.7 billion a year ago, with the reduction largely driven by our commitment to return cash to shareholders and invest in strategic opportunities. Overall working capital decreased by 3.9% versus a year ago, primarily due to lower inventory levels, and accounts receivable decreased by 11.7%. And improvements in inventory management both in underlying performance and in quick response to Express Scripts situation led to a 7.3% decrease in total inventories. Looking more deeply at inventory, total FIFO inventory decreased by 3.4% in the quarter versus a 3.4% decrease in total sales, and FIFO inventories decreased by 5.6% on a per-store basis, again reflecting strong inventory management. During the third quarter, we generated an all-time record of $1.9 billion in cash from operations, up 50.2% from $1.2 billion a year ago and continuing our strong cash flow trends. Year-to-date, we have generated a record $3.7 billion in cash from operations, again helped largely by inventory management. The free cash flow in the quarter was $1.5 billion, up 46.8% and a year-to-date total of $2.6 billion. As one of our core capital allocation priorities, we continue to return surplus cash to shareholders. In the third quarter, we returned $371 million, including $195 million in dividends and $176 million through the share repurchase program. For the first 9 months of fiscal 2012, we returned $1.7 billion, including approximately $600 million in dividends and $1.2 billion through share repurchases. Given our Alliance Boots transaction announced this morning, we do not anticipate additional share repurchases in the near term. This morning, we also announced that the quarterly dividend rate will increase by 22.2% to $0.275 per share, consistent with our previously stated goal of returning cash to shareholders through dividends, with a target dividend payout ratio of 30% to 35%. We are proud to have paid a dividend for 319 straight quarters, more than 79 years, and are now increasing our dividend for the 37th consecutive year. Over the past 5 years, Walgreens' annual dividend rate has increased from $0.38 per share to $1.10 per share, resulting in a compound annual growth rate of nearly 24%. Our focus in driving returns to shareholders was reiterated this quarter, through our continuation of a share repurchase program and the increase we provided to our quarterly dividend. In closing, we were pleased with our quarter. We had solid margins, exceptional expense management, record cash flow and returned significant cash to shareholders. We continue to move our business forward against all of our key strategies, including our continued investment in our Well Experience pilot stores, expanding the role of community pharmacy services through expanded offerings and enhanced partnerships; driving significant improvements in our cost structure; and most importantly, announcing a truly watershed moment for our company as Walgreens and Alliance Boots together create what will be unquestionably the global leader in the pharmacy-led health and well-being space. This transaction offers compelling strategic and financial benefits that will provide significant value to all stakeholders that is being structured in a way which will maximize and ensure success. So we thank all of you for your support. And now I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dane Leone from Macquarie.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Maybe we can just start with the domestic strategy going forward in light of the transaction with Alliance Boots that you announced. Maybe Wade, you could touch on how much balance sheet flexibility you think you have going forward, the opportunities that you see here domestically. And in light of kind of the focus on BioScrip's and drugstore.com integration; that seems to be going well. Yes, along those lines, any color you can provide is appreciated.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I would say that regardless of this transaction, we're going to continue to drive our strategies, and we've got the flexibility and resources and capital to do that. I think as we said earlier on the call, we actually believe though that this partnership, this marriage, is going to help us not only drive those, but accelerate those. It will allow us to really continue on this journey to become the most relevant retailer in our space, to really own the space of health in daily living and so that doesn't change at all. We continue to believe we've got the nation's largest, most trusted pharmacy. We're on the best corners and we're going to fully drive that experience and increasingly find ways to monetize it and to build deeper relations for customers.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then maybe more specifically on the domestic strategy. I think that you've done a great job of adjusting the cost structure for the lower volumes in the business as a result of the contract loss with Express Scripts. But I'm just curious going forward, the front store traffic trends have looked like they've deteriorated over the last several months. And we've also seen a kind of a revamp of the Prescription Savings Club, I guess, in the hopes of driving more volume to the door. So how do you think about balancing cost structure, the promos that you're willing to provide for the volumes versus just managing the business to where it is? And also, where do we actually see the front store traffic impact bottom out here because, correct me if I'm mistaken, but was that originally contemplated or is that included in the $0.21 EPS hit from the contract loss with Express Scripts?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, fully contemplated and fully included. I think the step down you've seeing, which is not, by any means, a deterioration, the step down you've seen in part driven because I think we're being much smarter in terms of how we manage our marketing and roto. So we're doing more items that are relevant, with less items that aren't at very hot, discounted prices, so that has changed traffic a bit, but I can tell you the profitability is better as a result. And when we look at our customer satisfaction metrics, when we look at our ability for stores to better deliver the items on promotion that people actually want without out of stocks, et cetera, by all metrics, we're improving the customer experience. So we're driving profitable volume, and I think that's the right move. And we're also moving to a much more blended marketing mix so that we're not going to be completely dependent upon our roto in the future. We're going to touch consumers in multiple ways that are relevant to them and that are financially best for us.
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then one final question for me, just in terms of the long-dated guidance that was given on the call with Alliance Boots, it did imply a decent organic growth rate between the 2 companies, somewhere on the order of 5% CAGR over the next several years. Can you just kind of tease out for us what that means for an expectation for the Walgreens business here in -- domestically versus the contribution from Alliance Boots?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. First, I mean, when we put those goals out, I'm not sure what CAGR you're talking about. Are you talking about top line CAGR?
Dane Leone - Macquarie Research: Top line, yes.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, well I think what you have to do is to understand the model is make sure that you get into the generic versus branded mix. So the sales, as you know, both domestically and overseas are a misnomer for value creation. So for example, as you know, our generics are much more profitable in the U.S.; that will create some sales compression, but we fully anticipate to drive robust volumes. Overseas in places like Europe where generics are underpenetrated, they obviously are at a lower cost too, but they're more profitable from a pennies per unit basis in wholesaling, et cetera. And so I think that it's very difficult for you probably to imply, or just to back into what the unit volume growth is we're anticipating.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette from UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick question for me on the -- for 2013, there still seems to be a lot of feedback I'm getting from investors on question marks around the Medco side of the business. I guess my only question around that is would you plan an additional set of cost cutting initiatives if there were some Medco-related volume that may fall off in 2013? Or are you able to see it more recently, assuming that, that contract stays intact and then therefore, have no other plans for cost cutting, et cetera?
Wade D. Miquelon: Oh you know, I can only tell you what we know and what weve said. I mean, basically, we've said that we've had a contract in place for many, many years. Were willing to honor it; we want to keep serving those customers. I think Express Scripts has said the same thing. So as of now, we continue to serve those customers, right? And I think we know overwhelmingly from those customers that they really want to have us in the network and intend to fully do that. And so, I think there is very little risk in that regard but I mean, if there was something fully unanticipated that would happen, I would say that as a company, we would be fully prepared to do what was ever necessary and in the best interest of our company and our shareholders.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So then, I think some of the investor view is that the announcement today with the -- with Alliance Boots may be tied into some sort of Medco view but it sounds like what you're saying, that the answer to that last question is there's really no tie-in whatsoever to anything that you're looking at going forward in relation to Medco in particular. Is that safe to say?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, of course. It would very nave to assume that this is in some response to our dispute. I mean, the reality is, is we've been working together for almost 1.5 years and working on this for over a year. A company our size is not going to do a transformational transaction of this magnitude unless you're thinking about the strategic fit, the overall financials in the very long haul. I mean, I just think I find it almost silly that people would think that this is reactive. And I can tell you when you look at these 2 companies and our economic interests becoming entwined, all parties are really saying how big could the end gain be, and is this the best and biggest alternative to the long haul? And we believe there's nothing even remotely close to this for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meredith Adler from Barclays.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you are in a position at all to talk about Boots because I didn't ask to get a chance to ask a question on the last call.
Wade D. Miquelon: Sure.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you have any sense of what Boots' wholesale market share is in Europe? Not [indiscernible] Alliance, really.
Wade D. Miquelon: That's a number that's never been stated, but I think as weve said, they're the clear leader in Europe and by unit volume, the biggest in the world. And I think, as George said earlier on the call, #1 or #2 in all of their key markets. So Id just leave it at that. Obviously, there's probably ways for you to back into it and get close, but that's really that's all available at this time.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I was wondering whether -- when you were discussing the price that you were going to purchase Alliance Boots, did you take into account and were they willing to take into account the fact that Europe is struggling right now? That is to say, do you think that you got a relative bargain because of the timing of the acquisition?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, a couple things. Number one is, yes, Europe has some issues, but so does a lot of the world. But I would say as you look at their business, their business is performing very well, has been and still is. So this is not a fire sale; this is a quality asset that's doing very well, even in a tough environment. And actually, in fairness to them, this challenging environment provides a lot of opportunities. In the wholesale market, for example, there's a lot of small players who can get credit in easy times, but if they're not good operators, it's not so easy now, and that provides wonderful growth opportunities. Separately, generics in Europe range from 25% in the south to 50% in the north, versus 75% in the U.S. And as the governments come under pressure, they're increasingly pushing more generics for big savings for the government, which is good for them and good for people, but it's also good for their business because they make more penny profit per generic than they do on branded. But what I would say is that we've fully modeled the value of this company from both an intrinsic value, from a comparative multiple value and also with respect to the gives and gets of both parties. And I think you'll be hard pressed to find a deal of this size where both parties believe they have the kind of value creation for their respective owners as this.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that segues into another question about what was said on the call. Stefano used the word generics many times, and I couldn't quite tell if he was talking about generic pharmaceuticals as we think of generics, or was he talking about private brands, or was he talking about both? And do you have any sense of kind of the magnitude of those 2 different businesses, generic pharmaceuticals and private brand?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I don't know the specifics on it, but I think he was probably -- if you use the word generics, he was most likely referring to generic drugs because they refer to their private brand own brand, right? So the magnitude is obviously -- I gave perspective that today we joined the generics by over $1 billion combined, which by volume is huge volume because of the relative cost versus branded and that number is growing rapidly and will continue to grow rapidly. Again, I think if you look around the world, there's only one retailer in the world who's ever really been able to play the own brand beauty game well, and has a portfolio that has innovation and new products and that's Boots. I mean, just the fact that they have a relationship with P&G, distributed in 5 countries, ought to tell you everything you ought to know about their capabilities, right? And so there's huge opportunity, and there will be.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, one of the reasons I thought he was talking about own brand as opposed to generic pharmaceuticals because he mentioned about procuring product globally. And do you know whether they are able to source generic pharmaceuticals in places that you historically have not been able to procure them? And what's the regulatory issues there?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, of course. I mean, it's different country by country, but we procure a fair amount offshore in various countries. They procure a lot. So generics are very different from brandeds, where you have -- maybe have a country price and then you have issues of cross-country and quota pricing, generics are much more, like other items where multiple suppliers can do it, and regulations in most countries allow you as long as you meet certain specs or regulations or FDA, whatever to take from anywhere to anywhere. So you can think of that as more of a, I don't want to use the word, but more of how you would think about a typical commodity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deborah Weinswig from Citi.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you please provide some more color around gross margins this quarter in light of the growth in generics? And I think specialty pharmacy mix is cited as a dragon, and if you could elaborate on the change in mix year-over-year?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I think we had good growth profit margins as we listed. I think that the only thing on specialty and I think, and actually E-Commerce is not that those margins are eroding; it's that those gross profit margin percentages are lower than others, and those businesses are actually growing very fast. So those are just only mix issues. I'd say, if you look through our business, we feel very good about the kind of gross margin, the gross profit dollars that we're seeing on the pharmacy side. We feel very good about the profitability we're building in the front end and even though we might have sacrificed some traffic, as we get our items, which are more relevant, more meaningful to our equity to consumers, that give fair value for us, that's a trade-off that well continue to balance, but we don't feel is directionally wrong.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And it just seems on the specialty pharmacy side, that's a key focus for you. I don't know if you had a percentage in terms where you are currently and maybe where you think you can go with that.
Wade D. Miquelon: I don't know that we've given too much detail on margins but as you know, these drugs can be $1,500 or $2,000, so a big difference in gross margin might be better dollar profit, but again, much lower on a percent basis. But overall, we feel very good about this business. We continue to invest in it, and I think the things that we're doing to create a real multichannel opportunity for people bundled with meaningful offers at a very good value over time are going to keep changing the landscape here as well.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then during the quarter, it also looks like you had extremely tight inventory management. Was there anything new during the quarter in terms of supply chain or anything else that you implemented during the third quarter?
Wade D. Miquelon: We had a lot of various supply chain initiatives. I think were just very focused on it. And what we're making sure is as we reduce inventory that our out of stocks don't go up and that our customer satisfaction goes up. And I think that for the past couple years, we've been able to manage these because it's not about just having inventory, it's about having the right inventory at the right time that people want. And again, we're putting lots of efforts on our supply chain on being more efficient, more effective, but it's all done on what Ill call a consumer or a demand-driven perspective to make sure that the experience is better as a result. And then we'll continue on that journey for a long time.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then one quick question on the Boots side. What opportunity is there to bring the Boots opticians and some of the other services into Walgreens and Duane Reade here in the U.S.?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think that is one of the opportunities. I can tell you Ive got a list of many, many opportunities that could be hugely valuable and accretive as well. I mean, we're going to work together and qualify these and pilot the right ones and expand. But that is one opportunity, but there's many, many, many others as well.
Deborah L. Weinswig - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, and then last question. I know the loyalty card side of the equation seems like it's going to be changing, and obviously, Boots has an incredible one. How should we think about the rollout there in light of the acquisition?
Wade D. Miquelon: We're full speed ahead. We've said that we're going to launch a loyalty sometime around September. We believe it's going to be one of the biggest programs, ultimately, in the world of its kind. I think even though we're a bit late in the game, I always make the analogy to some developing markets with landlines and mobile. Late in the game, you can sometimes learn from others and jump to a better end point. I think you're going to see that it links very well with our equity of well and how we're trying to drive that for people's benefits versus just discounting. And one of the things I like about the Boots loyalty program is not only is it large and as you heard has 2/3 of the women in the U.K. signed up, it's a financially smart program, but it's also very emotive. It's just not discounts and points; it's really emotive and gets into gifting and many other things that really create a deep and real connection with consumers and that's where we can really learn as we draw the lines back to where we're going to own this territory of wealth.
Operator: And now our final question comes from Eric Bosshard from Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Curious on you've talked earlier in the year about your involvement in the selling season and this has been a very active selling season for you. I'm interested in an update on how you see things progressing and then how we're performing relative to the 25% to 75% retention that you outlined at the beginning of the year.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'll just say this. One is that I think you know where our retention started, and I can tell you, we look at every single day, ever single script versus comp, whatever, and we're building momentum every single day, right? Every day, we're getting back incremental scripts versus what would be a normalized comp and that's going to continue to grow, but we have some periods where maybe it steps up and others where it just slightly drifts up, but we feel very good about that. I would say that everything you said before about the selling season that we believe is still what we believe. The key thing is, is that we're working with lots of our customers, right? Lots of our customers across-the-board, in fact, almost all of them and they're telling us that they really value us in their network; their customers value us in the network. And in many cases, we're working very deep partnerships. But as things ever was I think that we feel our value proposition is very sound. We deliver a very cost effective and very high quality solution with region penetration, other services and hours that really no one else can deliver. And people want that, and people value that. And so we stay the course.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report June sales on July 5. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-03-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Gregory D. Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kermit R. Crawford - President of Pharmacy, Health, Wellness Services & Solutions
Analysts: Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Ann K. Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Walgreen Co. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations, Rick Hans. You may begin.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and CFO, will update you on the quarter. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, President of Pharmacy, and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our web website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliation.  After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call.  Today, I'll begin with our quarterly results. Second, I'll discuss highlights for the quarter and update our progress on our Well at Walgreens strategy to become America's first choice for health and daily living. And then finally, I'll provide insight into the second half of the year, and I'll turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed analysis. Beginning with our results today. As you saw in our release this morning, we posted record second quarter sales of $18.7 billion, up 0.8% from $18.5 billion a year ago. Second quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.78, down 2.5% compared to $0.80 in the year-ago quarter. Despite our lower earnings, cash generation continued to be strong as cash flow from operations for the quarter exceeded $1 billion and free cash flow was $703 million. We returned $570 million to shareholders in the quarter, up 23% over the same quarter last year, including $374 million in stock repurchases.  Compared to the prior year, the effect of no longer being part of Express Scripts pharmacy network as of January 1, 2012 impacted our results by $0.07 in the quarter and the mild cough cold/flu season impacted net earnings per diluted share by $0.03. This year's results benefited from one extra day versus last year because of leap year. As we look further into the results, even with the impact from Express Scripts, the strength in our business fundamentals comes through in our financial highlights. First, our front-end comp was up 1.2% this quarter compared to the same quarter last year and excludes the effect of the leap day. We continued to see momentum in our Daily Living business as a balance promotional approach during the holiday seasons led to profitable sales growth. And as we expected, our convenience and our products and services led to higher comp store front-end sales in the quarter despite our reduced pharmacy volume. Secondly, we saw a 31% increase in our volume for our 90-day prescription program. This demonstrates that the true value of our 90-day retail offering is becoming clear: Customers are getting what they want, the convenience to pick up a 90-day supply of the chronic medications at their trusted community pharmacy. At the same time, we're reducing cost to payers and helping to improve medication adherence and compliance, which is good for both patients and payers.  And finally, as we discussed, cash flow and cash returned to shareholders continue to be strong. As you can see on this slide, our gross profit dollar growth was up $65 million or 1.2%, driven by our strong front end and solid underlying pharmacy performance and despite the exit from Express Scripts pharmacy network and a weak flu season. Importantly, the pharmacy gross profit impact was as we anticipated.  As we detailed in last quarter's call, we expect more significant gross profit dollar growth from new generics, including generic Lipitor in the back half of the year.  Turning to costs, SG&A dollar growth was $167 million or a 4% increase for the quarter. We also discussed on our last call that we were holding off on our cost reductions in pharmacy in order to retain as many patients as possible and to help ensure a smooth transition for those patients on Express Scripts plans who were forced to transition to new pharmacies. Because of that, our planned SG&A savings from labor reductions will be back-end loaded. SG&A dollar growth also reflects new store growth, continued investment in our strategies and the integration of drugstore.com. Taken it all together, the spread between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was a negative $102 million and recall we think about the spread over a longer period of time, not quarter-to-quarter. To generate these solid results, we continued to focus on our 5 key strategies to become America's first choice for health and daily living. I'll begin today with an update on our first strategy, to transform today's traditional drugstore to a health and daily living destination. To date, we have transformed nearly 200 drugstores across the chain to our Well Experience format. These include stores in Chicago and Indianapolis and Duane Reade stores in New York. Add to that our new Well Experience flagships in Chicago, Las Vegas and New York City, and it's clear we're stepping out of the traditional drugstore format to create something completely new and unique. We're combining cutting-edge design with an improved product assortment and developing the right mix of health care, beauty, fresh food and private brand solutions to more closely meet the needs of our communities. Our goal is to create an experience unmatched in the industry and one that is flexible enough to accommodate every community. From a store in an urban food desert to suburban stores to a flagship location on Wall Street and all types in between. The response we're gaining from customers, payers, government officials and employees is extremely encouraging. Our most impressive leading indicator is customer delight, the metric we use to measure customer reaction. We've seen a significant jump in the last 6 months in both pharmacy and front end that reflects our enhanced in-store experience and the commitment of our employees. And because we're still in the test-and-learn phase, we continue to refine and enhance this Well Experience format to meet the needs of our different markets and demographics.  Just as we are transforming the front end of our stores, we are equally focused on advancing the role community pharmacy plays in health care. As part of that commitment, we're excited to be part of the launch of RxAlly, a network of 20,000 pharmacies that aims to improve patient health and reduce overall health care costs through enhanced pharmacist care. The launch is the first step toward a performance-based network of pharmacies that is designed to differentiate itself through improvements in health outcomes and other services. Last month, we cemented our relationship with AARP as they selected Walgreens for a 3-year contract to deliver drugstore benefits to their members.  We remain the first choice that community pharmacies turn to as we acquired the prescription files and inventory for more than 100 pharmacies in the quarter, including more than 30 Kmart pharmacies. We announced the agreement to acquire BioScrip's 30 community specialty pharmacies and the assets of their centralized specialty and mail service pharmacy business. This acquisition will accelerate our strategy to become -- to bring specialty pharmacy products and services closer to patients at their community pharmacies. We expect to close the transaction in May. Our team members also continued to do great work this quarter, signing up more than 700,000 people through our Prescription Savings Club card during our January promotion, which is used by both underinsured patients and those who don't have access to Walgreens. With all this exciting work, we were pleased to be named once again to Fast Company's list of most innovative health care companies. This was the second time in 3 years we've received the honor and is a credit to everyone in the company. As we advance our efforts in health care, we're also working to deliver an outstanding customer experience by enhancing our employees' engagement. By strengthening our focus on employee training and leadership development, we're seeing dramatic improvement in service levels in both our pharmacy and Daily Living business. In fact, our customer service data has shown a 440 basis point improvement in overall store customer satisfaction from February 2011 to February 2012 which, we believe, is having a significant positive impact on our comp growth. As we continue to refine and enhance the experience we provide, we're also expanding the scope and reach of Walgreens. One way we're doing that is through our multichannel approach. This quarter, we continued to make progress in our integration of drugstore.com and our holiday execution across all of our online shops was extremely promising. As part of that integration, we opened a new e-commerce distribution facility in Edwardsville, Illinois. This 500,000 square foot facility starts shipping orders on February 27 and is expected to improve customer order delivery time by 50%.  In addition, in keeping with our commitment to diversity and inclusion, 30% of our Edwardsville team members have a cognitive and physical disability. We expanded Web Pickup beyond Chicago and San Jose with our launch in Indianapolis this quarter.  We also made additional improvements to our industry-leading mobile and social media technologies. In mobile, we added new functionality for customers to help them stay on top of their medications and transfer prescriptions in a few easy steps.  And finally, we just added the new application on Facebook called Answers, which is a first of its kind interactive portal that gives our 2 million friends access to valuable health information and resources including prescription drugs, disease symptoms, at-home remedies and over-the-counter recommendations. We're also consistently looking for new more -- and more efficient innovative ways to run our business. A great example is our next-generation point-of-sale system. The system is designed to be intuitive and easy to use and is powered by the latest technology in wireless capability. We'll complete the rollout by the end of calendar year 2012. As we continue to focus on the strategic work that is core to our progress, we're also managing important external factors, particularly the upcoming FTC decision in this year's PBM selling season.  On the potential Express Scripts/Medco merger, like all of you, we're waiting for the decision. However, we have a good relationship with Medco and an ongoing contract in place that we intend to honor. We've been talking in recent months with many of Medco's clients, a number of whom are Fortune 500 employers and managed care companies. Those conversations have been very productive and their clients appreciate the convenience and value we bring.  In addition, we're looking forward to this year's selling season. We already know from our survey that even the most price-sensitive payers want 5% savings or more and most want 10% to consider us a restricted network without Walgreens. We do not believe those savings are truly attainable. And we feel good about the value we're offering as more and more PBMs, health plans and others approach us to develop unique member services and benefits that can be offered to clients. We've never been this busy this early in a season and every indication is that this will be the most active selling season in recent memory.  In conclusion, our business performance in light of Express Scripts has been as we expected and we remain steadfast in our belief that this decision was in the long-term interest of our customers, employees and shareholders. And as our early results support, we expect the short-term impact to lessen over time.  I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work this quarter. Based on their efforts and these results, we are confident in our continued progress and focused on executing our strategy to become America's first choice for health and daily living.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thanks, Greg, and good morning to everyone. We are pleased with our performance in the quarter reporting record quarterly sales, strong cash flow progress and managing the business through our transition out of Express Scripts pharmacy network, consistent with what we have outlined in prior calls.  This morning I'll take you through our quarterly results in more detail, update how we frame the second half of fiscal 2012 and provide some thoughts around the potential impact from the proposed merger between Express Scripts and Medco. Let me begin with a review of our comparable store sales trends. Both our front end and our pharmacy trends in the quarter were in line with our expectations, and please note that all comparable store numbers discussed in today's call exclude the benefit of this year's leap day.  In our second quarter, total sales were up 0.8% as comp prescription sales decreased 5%. Comp front-end sales increased 1.2% over a strong prior year period. Total comp sales decreased 2.6% and comp prescriptions filled decreased 6.1%. Finally, for the second quarter of fiscal 2012, we achieved 18.7% retail pharmacy share versus 20.1% share a year ago, reflecting the decision to exit the Express Scripts network, partially offset by a gain in share from the balance of the industry. Second quarter 2012 comp prescriptions filled decreased by 6.1%, which included a 750 basis point impact related to Express Scripts as well as a 130 basis point impact from a weaker cough/cold and flu season. On a 2-year stacked basis, comp scripts decreased 1.6% versus a 7.9% increase a year ago.  To better understand the prescription trends, we have isolated the impact of Express Scripts and cough/cold flu. Adding back the 750 basis point impact from Express Scripts give us an adjusted 1.4% prescription growth rate, which compares favorably to the industry including Walgreens, which grew at 0.9% over the same period. Also adding back the 130 basis point impact from a weaker cough/cold and flu season yields an underlying prescription comp trend or a comp of 2.7%. Moving to our front end. We're very pleased with our daily living comp of 1.2%, driven by core strategic categories including strong progress on beauty, beer and wine and convenience and fresh and illustrating a point that we have consistently made, which is that our retail pharmacy business is not a direct driver of the front of our stores.  Traffic in the quarter decreased by 0.1% while basket increased by 1.3%, reflecting a good balance between our promotional strategy and our pricing discipline. We enjoyed a strong Christmas and Valentine's Day, with Valentine's Day performance helped by customers seeking convenience given the midweek holiday. While the weak flu season had a negative 0.5% impact on our daily living comp, overall we were pleased with the results, especially in strategic health and wellness categories.  Finally our 2-year stack, represented by the blue line, continues to be in the mid-single digits.  Compared to our industry, our front-end sales continue to perform well. After adjusting our daily living comp to the next 3 largest retail pharmacy competitors, we outperformed 2 of the 3 in the quarter. And on a 2-year basis, we have outperformed all 3 by at least 200 basis points.  Like everyone, we continue to see a cautious consumer and a competitive retail environment, but we believe this out performance is a reflection of our differentiated strategies, our focus on the customer experience and excellent execution in the stores. Turning to margin. Our gross margin as a percent of sales was 28.9% in the current quarter compared to 28.8% last year. The overall margins increased due to stronger front-end margins. Pharmacy margins declined slightly, impacted by reimbursement, Specialty Pharmacy mix and a higher LIFO provision, partially offset by the introduction of new generics.  Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, this quarter's 10 basis point improvement was against the second quarter a year ago with flat margin. I'd also like to remind you that we believe the better way to look at our business model over time in both Daily living and in pharmacy and health and wellness services is to focus on our gross profit dollar growth.  This quarter and for the remainder of calendar year, please keep in mind that the comparability of gross profit dollar growth will be impacted by the loss of prescriptions related to the exiting of Express Scripts network. Two-year stacked SG&A trends improved versus a year ago with 12% growth in the second quarter of 2012, down from 13.1% last year. Our SG&A growth in the quarter was impacted by new stores, investments in strategic initiatives and capabilities and noncomparable drugstore.com costs. After adjusting for costs related to the drugstore.com operations and integration, our 2-year stacked SG&A growth improved to 7.4% in the second quarter versus 11.1% a year ago.  If you get to our core SG&A dollar growth, you can see that our reported 4% SG&A growth included 80 basis points of integration and operational costs related to the drugstore.com acquisition. The remaining base SG&A dollar growth was a combination of new store openings, inflation and investments in strategic initiatives and capabilities. This slide shows our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 6 quarters. Recall the primary driver of our higher gross profit dollar growth in the first 3 quarters of 2011 was the acquisition of Duane Reade. When we cycled the acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2011, you can see the slower gross profit dollar growth. In the second quarter, in addition to strong front-end performance, we benefited from the recent launch of generic Lipitor.  As you look at the upcoming third and fourth quarters, you should consider the following points: First, we will be impacted by the loss of Express Scripts prescription volume for the balance of the year as well as by the continuing reimbursement pressure and particularly the uncertainty with respect to AMP. Second, gross profit comparisons get easier in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. And last, we expect to benefit from a higher level of new generic introductions in the second half, including expected launches of generic versions of the brands Lexapro, SEROQUEL and PLAVIX. Following the similar construct, you could see that SG&A dollar growth was 4% in second quarter of fiscal 2012 versus 8% a year ago. Recall that last year included 430 basis points from the impact of the Duane Reade acquisition. Overall in the second quarter, we were able to offset over 50% of the gross profit dollar impact from our exit from the Express Scripts network through our cost initiatives, which have been heavily focused on SG&A and COGS.  As we have stated previously, our highest priority in January and February was to serve our patients and minimize disruption at the store level, and we have just recently adjusted store labor to reflect the changes in prescription volumes. Our confidence remains that with all of our interventions, we can offset half or more of the gross profit dollar loss due to Express Scripts at current retention levels, which are about 15% as of the end of the quarter. Taking into account our planned cost savings and gross initiatives associated with Express Scripts situation, we currently expect the impact for the fiscal year to be about $0.21 per diluted share.  And finally, as we stated in our press release, the second quarter impact of Express Scripts was $0.07, which included 2 full months of the impact, as well as some transitions in December. Now taking us through our income statement. This quarter included LIFO provision of $72 million versus $56 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 2.5%, up from 2.25% a year ago. We had a $0.01 per diluted share benefit from this year's leap day. Net interest expense was $17 million, down from $18 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate was 37.3% versus 37.8% last year. And average diluted shares outstanding were 875 million versus 928 million a year ago, due primarily to our share repurchase program, which I'll touch on in a bit. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.1 billion at February 29 versus $2.2 billion a year ago, with reduction largely driven by our commitment to return cash to shareholders and invest in strategic opportunities. Overall working capital increased by 8.4% versus a year ago, primarily driven by lower accounts payable, which was a function of the timing of our payments, largely as a result of significant inventory progress, which will work its way through the balance sheet over time.  Accounts receivable increased by 0.5%. And improvement in inventory management, primarily in our supply chain, led to a 3.4% decrease in total inventories.  Looking more deeply at inventory, total FIFO inventory decreased by 0.4% in the quarter versus the 0.8% increase in total sales. And FIFO inventories decreased by 2.3% on a per-store basis, again reflecting strong inventory management and a reversing of 3 quarters of increasing in per-store inventory.  For the quarter, we invested $304 million in capital projects, bringing our year-to-date capital expenditures to $723 million. And for the year, we now expect capital expenditures of $1.4 billion, reflecting our commitment to continue to invest meaningfully in game-changing technology such as a new POS system and e-commerce distribution center that Greg described, as well as to continue to invest in our existing store base. In the quarter ended February 29, 2012, we generated $1 billion in cash from operations, up 13.7% from $808 million a year ago and continuing our strong cash flow trend. Year-to-date, we have generated $1.8 billion in cash from operations and that was despite a significant negative associated with the payable timing I just mentioned.  Free cash flow in the quarter was $703 million, up 1.9% and year-to-date totals of $1.1 billion. As one of our core capital allocation priorities, we continue to return surplus cash to shareholders. In the second quarter, we returned $570 million, including $196 million in dividends and $374 million through share repurchases. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2012, we returned $1.4 billion, including $398 million in dividends and $975 million through share repurchases. Currently, we have approximately $600 million remaining against our current $2 billion share repurchase authorization. Let me now turn to a few thoughts regarding our perspective on Express Scripts and Medco merger should the transaction be consummated. Before addressing this potential scenario, I'll start by saying that we respect and have a good relationship with Medco. And today, we feel we have an ongoing contract with Medco that we feel is fair for both parties, good for Medco clients and good for our patients, and we intend to honor our contract under existing terms, which we believe is to the benefit of all parties.  As a result, we plan to continue serving all of our patients currently covered under our contract with Medco unless the new company takes an extraordinary action, effectively terminating the existing contract or materially changing the terms or financial arrangement, which we have no indication they would do. And while we believe it serves all parties to honor this existing agreement, our principle of being compensated fairly for the value we provide does not change; merger or no merger.  Now it might be helpful if I size our book of businesses with Medco. As shown on this slide, in calendar 2011, we filled approximately 125 million scripts for Medco members. In calendar 2012, as a result of Medco's net change in client, we are on a pace that would result in our filling about 108 million scripts. Taking into account known client migration to other PBMs, including United Healthcare, we estimate that our book of businesses with Medco will be approximately 74 million prescriptions as of January 1, 2013. Now this roughly breaks down as follows: 30% managed care organizations; 29% large employers including 18 of the Fortune 50; 17% state and local governments; 15% small employers; and 9% Medicare Part D plan.  Medco's client composition is different from the Express book which is highly concentrated, specifically with 2 contracts that account for approximately 50% of the business. Please note that our actual 2013 business with Medco could have further adjustments up or down following the 2012 selling season.  Having described our business activity with Medco, let me also share that we've had many conversations with existing Medco clients, assuring them that, first and foremost, we have been happy to serve them and would like to continue to do so. Additionally, we are communicating that if the merger ultimately consummates, we intend to continue to honor the terms of the current agreement we have with Medco and therefore, in theory, there should be no impact to them unless the new company would take an extraordinary action, which again we have no indication at this time that they will do. And in this context, if the merger does occur and the new company were to terminate the agreement or materially change the terms or financial arrangements relating to our network participation, we would work with them to find alternative ways to serve them in accordance with their interests and their contractual rights. With respect to this point, we believe that a substantial portion of Medco clients, measured by prescription volume, have contractual options meaning the contracts either have change-of-control provisions; provisions requiring certain named pharmacies versus just the number of access points; the right to direct the contract if necessary; and/or are expiring in the relatively near term. This appears very different than Express Scripts where Express Scripts, by their own public statement, so that only a small handful of customers have the contractual right to include Walgreens in the network and to our knowledge, we've contracted directly with or created other arrangements to continue to serve nearly all of them.  Finally, we are hearing clearly from large employers, managed care and early selling season feedback that a network without Walgreens is not gaining traction because there is no compelling value proposition to support it. There are little to no meaningful savings that accrue to the clients and in some cases, it may actually be more costly for patients and payers not to have Walgreens or Duane Reade in their network.  Furthermore, the convenience and quality of our stores and the professionalism of our employees is of real importance. Employers and patients get it. This is not about 50,000 dots on a map. It is about real people who have real health and wellness concerns and real relationships with the pharmacies and the pharmacy employees that they choose. I'd like to build on that more by speaking to The Value of Walgreens. Similarly, we think about value just in terms of cost. And while cost is important, the other side of what delivers value is the benefit. But let's start with cost. We believe that in addition to offering competitive unit rates, Walgreens also drives costs down in many other ways, including but not limited to, our industry-leading generic dispensing and conversion rates and our discounted 90-Day at Retail offering.  To highlight the lack of potential savings, let me again review the math. Even if Walgreens charged $1 more than an average pharmacy on what is an industry average of about $60 per prescription, excluding our 20% market share, to restrict a network would only save a payer $0.20 per prescription or roughly 0.3% if all of the savings were passed on to the client. Moreover, this math does not factor in the significant savings to payers from our industry-leading generic dispensing and conversion rate and our 90-Day at Retail program. Our recent survey findings, which are consistent with other industry surveys, confirm that even the most price-sensitive customers are looking for significant savings, again typically at least 5%, to narrow a network substantially. And in my mind, narrow doesn't necessarily mean without the nation's #1 retail pharmacy. We've got an additional value for the benefits of the direct relationship with a pharmacist and the quality and convenience of our stores, which include best-in-industry locations, the highest number of 24-hour stores, the face-to-face relationships with our people and the broad range of additional clinical services and advice that we offer.  The big idea here is that managed care companies and employers alike understand that the future of health care is not about looking just at cost per transaction or even at total pharmacy cost in isolation, it's about prevention and improving patient health and doing it in a way that saves on total health care costs. The fact is community pharmacists remain one of the few health care professionals in America who will counsel a patient free of charge without an appointment.  We are transforming our customer experience and pharmacy to provide convenient, affordable and quality access to health care. That's what this country needs. That's what our customers are asking for. That's where we are headed. In closing, we anticipated that this would be a challenging quarter. In spite of everything, we were pleased. The quarter included record sales, positive front-end comps, good cost management, strong cash flow and significant cash returned to our shareholders. As I have frequently said with respect to our decision to exit the Express Scripts network, January 1 would be our toughest day and then we only move forward from there. Our strategies are sound, and our value proposition is compelling. And we remain confident in our future ability to build our business and create shareholder value. We thank all of you for your support. And now, I'll turn it back over to Rick.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andrew Wolf from BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I just wanted to ask you about the $0.07 on -- from Express Scripts. Did that include any of the costs to service clients, either to help them stay with Walgreens or smooth their transition to a new pharmacy or is that just sort of a pure gross margin number?
Wade D. Miquelon: No, that's a net all-in, including those specific costs. But effectively, as we said, we offset 50% of gross margin this quarter, primarily through SG&A and COGS, but it's an all-in number.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You achieved it this quarter or you're expecting to achieve it going forward? I thought this quarter you actually -- the costs were up because -- that's my next question. What is the swing in SG&A that you anticipate by managing down pharmacy hours and other hours and other costs versus sequentially, if you will?
Wade D. Miquelon: We're looking at it this way; we had about 2 months and 1/3 of a month when we think about the volume impact as part of this number, right, and then 2 months that we had an impact from the gross profit point of view. But we had 50% of that offset through COGS and SG&A. In the future, we're going to have 3 months, but we're going to have a step-up in some of our cost efforts and measures accordingly. So it will be really a balanced impact of Express Scripts through these 3 quarters, $0.07 in each quarter basically.
Gregory D. Wasson: Andy, just to reiterate, I think the key point is the fact that we still feel the $0.21 impact based on that lower scenario is what we'll see for the year.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Got you, okay. It clarifies that. I wanted to ask about Medco in the event of the Express Scripts/Medco merger being consummated. I mean in your contract with them, does it allow an out with the change of control? If not, what is the term -- I think we'd all benefit if you could tell us how long your contract is for and -- so that's the contract part. And then secondly, you talked about the book of business going down to 74 million scripts in next year, next calendar year, and do you have -- could you size what percent? I mean it sounds like it's a large number, much higher than Express. But what percent of those contracts or prescriptions do you believe are under contracts or will be under contracts that are flexible enough that would keep Walgreens in the network if the merger is consummated and Express changes how they do business with Walgreens with Medco?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Andy, maybe Wade and I both tag team on this just to make sure we get all of that. I think certainly on the first part, as far as what's in their specific clauses and contracts, we certainly don't have visibility into those. We do believe from what we've heard in the industry that some do have change in control clauses and everything that Wade went through himself. So that's just based on intelligence, what we're hearing from the field. As far as the terms of the contract, as we said, we got an ongoing contract with Medco that we intend to honor and we don't see any indication that, that would change. As far as the percentage of the business, I'm going to let Wade kind of key in on that one.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean it's impossible to predict and I would say clearly, these customers have -- it's a very different situation. They have much more rights at large than the Express customers and they also have had the benefit of time watching this unfold as they look forward when their contracts end and potentially renew. So again, without speculating a number, I would just say that for all the reasons I outlined, the situation is very different and they have a lot more flexibility in rights in aggregate than the Express customers. Again, back to the contract we have with Medco, it's been in place for many years. It continues to move forward, I suppose, until the parties decide at some point that it doesn't.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So essentially, an evergreen contract that either side can walk away from at their whim?
Wade D. Miquelon: We're never going to talk to any specific contracts with any specific customer or supplier. But I would just say that like I said before, it's been in place for a long time and we both obviously have felt it's fair, good for patients, payers and everyone, and we continue to honor that.
Operator: We'll go next to Ann Hynes from Mizuho Securities.
Ann K. Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: I just want to focus on the Medco slide. When I look at the scripts from calendar 2011 to 2012, you have a decline of 17 million scripts. And when I look at the book of business that Medco is losing for 2012, it seems a little high to me, just taking your national percentage of market share. So can you maybe go into a little more detail about what -- which contracts are really driving that decline?
Wade D. Miquelon: You mean the decline from 2011 to 2012?
Ann K. Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Yes. I understand that 2012, 2013 [indiscernible] your market share, but I'm a little confused about the 2011 to 2012, the drop of 17 million scripts?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well there's been, obviously, many public accounts, scalpers and others out there. I don't want to go into the list of the different clients. But quite frankly, 2012 is pretty easy because now that we're already in March, we can see our actual monthly run rate and reconcile back to those accounts. So 2011 was an actual, 2012 is kind of a current actual rolling forward and then 2013 is just doing the other puts and calls we know like United.
Gregory D. Wasson: Ann, I guess the main point is we've got a lot of confidence in that number because we've done the internal analysis and based on the book of business and the plans that have been publicly announced, that's the number.
Wade D. Miquelon: We see every day in our book.
Ann K. Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then the $0.21 impact for fiscal 2012, I just want to confirm that's current retention rate in the mid-teens that you've experienced in January and February?
Wade D. Miquelon: Correct.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. As Wade said, Ann, we hit about 15% at the end of the second quarter and I think it's important to say that we expect that to build. And as plans begin to take action, state of Nebraska as a public reported is changing July 1, so we expect that to build.
Ann K. Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: All right. And will you give you any details on the gross profit differential between an Express Scripts and Medco scripts, so we can just...
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I guess we could basically say that there is no Express contract, so there's really no differential to give. But no, we never talk about any one customer to another. And our objective here is to be fair with all customers and try to treat them all fairly, in the same genre anyway.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Miller with William Blair.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: You talked about the restricted networks not gaining traction, and I was wondering how do you know that's not about to happen through the rest of the selling season or later in the year and what visibility do you actually have on that?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think -- Mark, good question. We feel pretty confident as far as the intelligence we're getting from the field. I mean we've got people out talking to the benefit consultants. We've got people out talking to clients as well as the other partners that we work with out there. And we just don't see it. What we're more encouraged by, frankly, is the fact that, as I said in the last call, that the other payers that we're working with, whether its PBMs or health plans, are more and more interested in working closely with us and differentiating themselves in the marketplace this selling season because they have Walgreens in versus Walgreens out. The survey that we did that we published last quarter also, I think, is a strong indicator that says that employers would need a 5% to 10% greater savings to even consider a restricted network. So all intelligence that we see, folks that we're working with, we do not any trend.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think especially, again, it's where restricted gets used loosely. Someone might have a restricted network that doesn't include a pharmacy, that doesn't have a share in that market anyway, right? When it comes to excluding the nation's leading pharmacy, for a little or no savings, there's really no evidence that, that has ever taken up noise at this season as well.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. My next question is given there's more than a $0.50 spread in the consensus estimates, high to low for fiscal '12, and given there appears to be decent predictability to the business, based on the constraints of what the lawyers will let you talk about, can you give some general commentary on the second half outlook? The Street's looking for nearly flat EPS, down a little bit. I mean is that a reasonable framework? And same scenario for fiscal '13 is like a $0.60 spread in the analysts' projections?
Wade D. Miquelon: Look, I mean obviously since we don't give guidance, I can't point to any specific number. I would just come back to overall framework. Prior to the Express Scripts -- prior to exiting their network, we had financial goals and targets. The financial goals that we stated we want to hit over time, we've talked about what the impact of Express Scripts will be to us on a fiscal year basis. They've been laid out by quarter basis, so you kind have to model backwards from there.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Last question from me is you talked about the EPS benefit growing from generics. Wade, roughly what kind of an EPS lift did that give to the company in the fiscal second quarter? Was that in the range of a $0.05? Could you help us out on sizing the benefit? And then how much greater should we think of that lift in the coming quarters?
Wade D. Miquelon: We aren't going to outline exactly what it was in Q2, but I'll actually defer to Rick's Heisenberg uncertainty principle of generics, which is the more you try to measure and estimate what they're going to be in the future, the more the number keeps changing all the time because there's lots of variables for suppliers -- like in suppliers, et cetera. So clearly we get a lift in the back half, we said that, but I think it'll be premature to try to put a number around it until we get there.
Operator: We'll go next to Tom Gallucci from Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just one clarification and one sort of follow-up on that last set of questions. I guess just on the clarification, the $0.07 Express hit, what rate is that based off of? Is that your old contract or the terms that you proposed or how would you put that in context?
Wade D. Miquelon: That would have been our exiting rate.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe following up on what you were talking about a second ago in terms of your long-term goals. I guess if you add the Express impact and the flu and you take away $0.01 from leap day, maybe your EPS grew 7% or 8% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. How does that sort of compare to what your expectations are over the long term x some of the noise that we've gotten in terms of Express and whatnot?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I mean, you could certainly do the math that way. We don't adjust that way. We just keep it broad as it is. But what I guess I would say is over the long term, we're still operating over that systemic framework. We believe that we can have industry-leading growth. We can have that robust EPS growth. We can have steadily improving cash flow and ROIC and a good strong balance sheet. So this is -- I would call this a blip in the road on the path to keep focusing on that.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Right. But in terms of robust EPS growth, I don't know, is high single digit the goal? Is it sort of low double digits? Or I guess how do you think about the business x a lot of the noise in the long run?
Gregory D. Wasson: Tom, this is Greg. Our goals haven't changed. We set out -- there's a plan to win 3 years ago. We want to go back to double-digit EPS, strong return on invested capital and top 2 shareholder return. And that's what we think our strategies will allow us to do. There's 2 ways to look at frankly: The lost business from Express Scripts and frankly we anticipate that we'll continue to be -- to work with Medco and their clients. But there's the opportunity to continue to grow share with those plans are out there that are wanting to work with us and we're very encouraged, as I said earlier, with those that are coming to us and trying to win business this selling season against those that don't have us. Secondly is the austerity and the cost-cutting measures that Wade talked about. We feel confident we're going to be able to do both of those. And we're very confident on our strategies and the ability to return back to those goals.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, last one. Wade, you mentioned AMP. How are you thinking about that? And what's the latest that you've got there?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I'll let Kermit answer this. Obviously, there's not a lot to update, but Kermit why don't you...
Kermit R. Crawford: Well as you know Tom, right now we're in the comment period on the FUL. There's been some questions around the FUL that basically have been fixed draft out there. So as a industry, I mean we are still continuing to work with CMS to get an AMP that reflects the actual retail community pharmacy purchasing price, and that is our continued goal. So as we continue to work with CMS, it's all about getting AMP right and doing what's right for the community and community pharmacy.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Is there an expectation for a time frame and we'll have maybe some resolution or is it pretty uncertain still?
Kermit R. Crawford: No, I think it's still uncertain as to the time of AMP implementation.
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions, a couple of follow-ups. First of all, you alluded in your press release to strategic projects impacting SG&A. Any clarity as to what that relates to and what you're working on?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, yes, Matt, we continue to invest, obviously, in a multichannel business. We think that's a big opportunity for us, and some of the things I mentioned on the call would be indicative of that. We continue to invest in our stores. As we said 3 years ago, the reason we decided -- one of the reasons we decided to slow our new store opening growth was to be able to reinvest in our existing store base. We think we've got a heck of a footprint. There's a lot of things that we've done with CCR this past year as a good foundation for us to build upon. So we're continuing to invest in those new stores, those pilots and we'll continue to measure to make sure that's a good use of our capital. I think we're also continuing to invest in our front-end offering, private brand. We're really feeling good about where we're going there. So it's basically our 5 key strategies that we're pretty consistently with -- consistent with is where we're investing.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And sort of related to that, I know there's been some discussion of ultimately launching a loyalty program. Is the cost embedded in current SG&A in any way and any update as to the timing of that kind of effort, please.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, as far as -- I'll take the loyalty launch itself. We feel good with where we're headed. We're still planning for a mid- to late September launch of our loyalty program. As far as the SG&A impact, I'll let Wade kind of address that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we've certainly had some costs now we're doing to get obviously like a launch in the timing Greg said without having some upfront investment to get it right. And we haven't that disclosed amount, but that's part of those strategic investments to really set us up for the future.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally at some point, the focus will likely shift back to the core business and to retail. You spoke about the Well format stores; you have over 200 of them now. I know some are Walgreens, some are Duane Reade. But can you talk about the economics of conversion, the kind of investment they need to generate, how those stores are comping and what their margins look like versus the rest of the chain?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think all I would say is this is that what we're seeing in those stores from lifts and from profitability and returns is very promising and we're still measuring and analyzing. We look at unit economics. So every store is slightly different, every model slightly different. It's all contextual to what we're trying to achieve. And so obviously, we wouldn't be going down this path if we didn't think that it was financially accretive and good for the customer as well. And again, early results across-the-board are promising, but we continue to refine and look at it to really fine tune our unit economics moving forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Mushkin from Jefferies & Company.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So let's assume the Medco and Express merger goes through and I'm just trying to understand what you would think as a material change. I mean if Express slowly tries to move people -- the Medco accounts over to their network, how do we view that and how would you view that and how would you respond?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Scott, Greg. Certainly, a good question. I'm not going to speculate on what they may or may not do. I think as we said in the call, we've got a good relationship with Medco. We think we have got a great relationship with their clients. We got an ongoing contract that we think makes sense for all to honor, and we intend to do that. As far as what they may do or might do, I think that probably is not worth speculating on. I will say that, as Wade said, like all business, once we see and have an indication of what has actually happened and the terms and conditions and so forth, then we make the adjustments necessary. So bottom line, we look for fair reimbursement for the value we provide and that's what we would expect.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'm not sure of the exact question. When you say move over their network, I guess what you're saying is the network without being able to access Walgreens because we have no arrangement now with Express Scripts.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Correct. I mean what I'm saying is if they offer the Medco customers the ability to switch over, how do you guys deal with that and how would you respond?
Wade D. Miquelon: Our customers could always choose that. I mean today, Express Scripts for 10 years, has been trying to sell EN30 and 40 without Walgreens. It's less than 1% of the business, but they have the right to do that. Customers clearly don't like thinking they got bacon and eggs and show up and have cold oatmeal. So the real issue, I think, is whether or not customers want Walgreens and value Walgreens and we believe from what we're hearing, they do.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, as I've said several times, I'm going to remind you, we are in the business of filling scripts and that's what we do. So certainly, that's why we would want to honor that contract and continue to work with those clients. But it has to make good business sense for us and we just decide and determine at the time based on what we see as to how we'd go forward.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So just to summarize, if they had a lot of success, you might have to deal with it, but you don't think necessarily they'll have a lot of success. Is that a good summary?
Wade D. Miquelon: Customers want to get what they pay for, right? And what we're hearing loud and clear from the customers is they want a broad network and they know there's no material savings. And so in those cases, they're obviously going to have a lot of more rights in Express. What they are by customer remain to be seen. But at the end of the day, customers want to pay for what they want to get.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, here's what we are seeing and do believe that although we are not an Express Scripts network unfortunately, at the same time we are building deeper relationships with all the payers that are out there wanting to work more closely with us. So we can focus on the lack of access to Express Scripts, but the positive is to gain share and the deeper relationships we're building as a result with every other payer that's out there, and that's where we're focused. And we feel good with what we're seeing in the early selling season. And as I said in my early opening remarks, this is one heck of a busy selling season already.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I want switch gears to SG&A, just to understand when the store level cuts, I think you said they're kicking in maybe March 1. And I think you've outlined lower store hours, reduced staffing and salary cuts. And so I guess what I wanted to know is when will they be fully implemented? And then kind of a corollary here is the SG&A dollar growth rate this quarter, if I adjust some adjustments Wade put up there, but also thinking about the store growth, it looks like the core business x the store growth was kind of flat. And I wondered if that is something you can replicate, so the 2-part SG&A question then I'll yield.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'll hit it first and I'll kick it over to Kermit and Mark. I think our SG&A growth, you're right, when you exclude the things like drugstores, Walgreens stores, we did have very good progress there and I think a lot of what we're doing across-the-board, not just in stores, but at corporate is continue to find ways to become more efficient and effective all the time, Express or not Express. But I'd say is that before I turn it over here, too, is the efforts we're doing at stores we're trying to match up to do it smart to where the biggest volume impacts have been. This is not peanut butter, and we still intend on having the best service in the business. We still intend on improving our customer satisfaction as we go. But this is really about making sure that we do it smart, again in concert with the volume losses we've seen.
Kermit R. Crawford: And Scott, I'd just add we balance our store labor payroll all the time depending on volume. So as our volume fluctuates, so does the way that we balance our store labor.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, maybe, Scott, I'll weigh in. I want to come in and frankly take this opportunity. We probably have employees that are listening in, Mark and Kermit the job they've done, I think our employees have done an incredible job reacting intelligently to the reductions that we are beginning to put in place. And as I've said, the good thing about this is that there is good -- its market-by-market, store-by-store in specific markets and we've got the ability to laser in and dial down store-by-store. But our store employees and store managers out there have just done a terrific job in managing through this. And frankly, they support the long-term decision that we've made and where we're headed.
Operator: We'll go next to John Heinbockel from Guggenheim Securities.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Couple of things. If you -- if we look at $0.21 earnings impact with 15% retention, so that looks like maybe an incremental $100 million or so of cost-reduction somewhere, cost of goods, SG&A. Generally speaking, where is that coming from?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, those are 2 of the buckets obviously, but the other piece of it is even though almost all of it is costs, we're also seeing -- well, it might not be ESI retention, we might be building scripts or getting top line volume from other customers. So for example, we've seen -- give you a couple of examples here. We've seen other pharmacies that were so overloaded with Express customers, they couldn't handle the volume, they had out of stock, they didn't have supply. So customers that we could have served in the past were going to other pharmacies have now come to Walgreens. And we're kind of seeing that by the day right here as we also link with conversion programs. We also see Medicare Part D. Every day I think it's something like 11,000 people are turning -- go Medicare Part D. And some of those were with Walgreens before then they found out or woke up and they couldn't go to Walgreens and now they turn to the age where they can get Medicare Part D and they're looking for plans that have Walgreens. So there's lots of different buckets like that. But the vast majority is incremental cost efforts, but we are seeing outside of the retention bucket, we're seeing other volume upticks in lots of different areas. It happened slowly, but surely.
Gregory D. Wasson: And John, as we said, we held off on store labor, store reduction to make sure we did a good service. But we have been focused corporately and we're certainly looking at projects and making sure that we're focused on those that really move the needle. I think frankly, the positive is we are laser focused on those 5 key strategies and driving what -- and really focused on the projects that would move the needle. So we've been looking at corporate over the last couple of months, so there's been real progress there.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Secondly, are you doing anything differently with other PBM partners this selling season in terms of how you're working with them, what you're offering them aside from them just selling Walgreen being in the network, anything else that's different than past years to accentuate that? And I guess if you are, it sounds like you're getting good early feedback that that's working?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, John. I think several things. First of all, a lot of them are coming to us, as I said earlier. They're looking at this being one of the few selling seasons where there is true differentiation in the marketplace with a PBM offering. And that being, frankly, that they have the largest retailer in the country in their network or out of their network. That's #1. That's a pretty -- frankly, what we're hearing is that's a pretty easy sell and they're looking forward to that. Then we begin to talk about the fact that we drive high generic utilization. They're looking to work with us on how we can drive that even higher and bring them greater value. Many of them are now really beginning to see the benefit of 90-Day at Retail being added to an existing mail plan. As we've said several times, when a payer or client adds a 90-Day at Retail benefit through existing mail plan, there is anywhere from 7% to 9%, maybe more percent in savings available. So I think they're really beginning to work with us in ways and look for some of the ways that we can help them reduce costs and drive real value.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then finally, if you take a long-term view, do you think -- I mean, clearly reimbursement rates are going to go down secularly. But if you think about a Medco, Express -- so I'm assuming that goes through, which it looks like it is, if you look at that concentration on the PBM side, does that drive quicker reimbursement rate pressure on the retailer over the next year or 2? And do you think that, that leads mostly to consolidation, mostly I guess the smaller guys falling out more quickly. Is that where we're headed?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, I mean, I guess you could -- I don't know if it's going through or not, right, so I hope it will. But I would say that from our point of view, our principle is our principle. We expect to be compensated fairly. Fairly, not just versus our own thinking but versus the market and versus others. And that doesn't change, Medco or no Medco. I think you could make the argument that it could put tremendous pricing pressure on the little guys as they need to pay for the premium of the merger, et cetera. And quite frankly, I think you can see it from our battle. There's large -- we are #1 retailer that a small player is going to have a very difficult time probably holding the line in that scenario.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, but even for the big guys, you would say the pressure gets ratcheted up a little bit or no?
Wade D. Miquelon: I'm pretty convinced of our value proposition. We're seeing it now in the sales season, we're seeing people just not having Walgreens as a non-starter. There are no material savings and I think people don't want to go through their own network just to spread an intermediary. I think the reality is, though, is that small players are going to have a very difficult time in that environment.
Gregory D. Wasson: John, I think we've been in this industry, there's been an ongoing reimbursement pressure for years in this industry and still will be. And I think therefore, as we're focused obviously on costs and making sure that we continue to take costs out, we're also looking -- that's the reason we're driving our strategies: to be able to work with payers and create value in ways other than just a focus on reducing pharmacy costs specifically.
Operator: We'll go next to David McGee from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: In the event that Express, Medco does happen, would you care to hazard a guess as to what the retention rate might be given your greater conversations with those clients?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think -- I don't think we'll get into that David. I will say if you go back to Wade's chart, we tried to show what we see the book of business being with us January 1, 2013. Hey, frankly, I tell you I believe it would be difficult for Express Scripts and others to continue to sell without Walgreens in their network. We've had, as I said, we've had several conversations with many of the key clients and those clients indicate to us that they really valued having Walgreens in their network.
Wade D. Miquelon: And they've got the ability and the means to do that and that's their intention. So I think we remain pretty confident that it's a very different scenario.
David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My second question is looking at the impact of Express being $0.21 this fiscal year, is it fair to assume that, that maybe gets cut in half in 2013, so maybe $0.07 in the first quarter and maybe $0.03 in the second quarter?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think either way just to model it is you've got 8 months this year and then 4 months next year, so you lap it, right? So you could build your own models and figure out the sequence and timing on how you lap it. It's not that hard to do.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report March sales on April 4, and we'll report third quarter 2012 earnings on June 26. Until then, thank you for listening and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-12-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gregory D. Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer
Analysts: Brian Wang Brian Wang - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Walgreen Co. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. I'll turn things over to your host, Mr. Rick Hans. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss the quarter and update you on Express Scripts. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy, Health & Wellness Services; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliation. You can find a link to our webcast under the IR website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I'll begin with our quarterly results. Second, I'll discuss the progress we're making on our strategies. And finally, I'll provide a brief update on Express Scripts, and then Wade will give you more details on our performance and the considerations for the year ahead.  Beginning with our results today. As you saw in our release this morning, we reported record first quarter sales of $18.2 billion, up 4.7% from $17.3 billion a year ago. First quarter net earnings were $554 million, and first quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.63. Compared to the prior year, the delay in cough/cold and flu season impacted net earnings per diluted share by $0.01, while the strategic decision to no longer be part of Express Scripts pharmacy network as of January 1, 2012, cost $0.01 per diluted share in comparable pharmacy sales and $0.01 per diluted share in related expenses. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $809 million, and free cash flow was $309 million. We returned $803 million to shareholders in the quarter, including the largest dividend payment in the company's history, and $601 million in stock repurchases, up nearly 18% over the first quarter last year.  Now I'd like to put this quarter's results into context. On our September call, we anticipated we would see challenging comparisons for gross profit dollar growth in the first quarter and we did. We were up against 2 strong prior year quarters. As we discussed, our first quarter is always impacted by volatility and the timing and the severity of the cough/cold and flu season, which this year is off to a slow start. We were also impacted by slower rate of generic introductions this quarter compared to the prior year quarter, and that impact will reverse and then accelerate through the fiscal year with the release of new generics, including generic Lipitor. Couple that with a step-down in pharmacy reimbursement, including July rate reductions from Express Scripts that were built into our current contract, and our year-over-year increase in gross profit dollars slowed to $159 million or 3.2%. Turning to SG&A dollar growth. We continued to invest in our strategies, focusing on our CCR store conversions, our health and daily living pilot stores and driving innovation in E-Commerce. While overall SG&A dollar growth came in at 5% excluding drugstore.com, our costs increased by 4.2%. The spread between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth for the quarter was negative $41 million. Recall, we really think about this spread over a longer period of time, not quarter-by-quarter.  As we look further into the results, we continue to see strength in our business fundamentals. We filled a first quarter record 208 million prescriptions, as our 90-day program continued to fuel growth. In fact, 90-day retail prescriptions grew by 37% year-over-year. Based on the most recent data from IMS, on a 30-day basis, our retail pharmacy market share was 19.9%, which is up 40 basis points from a year ago. We administered 5 million flu shots this flu season through November 30 compared to 5.6 million a year ago. We continue to deliver more flu shots than any other single entity outside of the U.S. government and to build a strong immunization program for adults and adolescents, which is an extension of our flu program.  In addition to our work in pharmacy, we maintained momentum in our front end despite weak cough/cold and flu. We completed the successful rollout of CCR, contributing to our front-end sales growth. We're striking the right balance between sales and margins as our front-end margins held steady compared to the first quarter last year. We're outperforming our nearest competitors on comps. And reinforcing the success of CCR, we continue to grow our market share in our targeted signature and power categories compared to food, drug and mass merchandise competitors, measured by the Nielsen company. For the 12-week period ended November 26, Walgreens gained share in key health and wellness, beauty and personal care product categories. Today, I'm going to focus my attention on 2 of our 5 key strategies: our efforts to transform our drugstores and to advance community pharmacy. In our new health and daily living pilot stores, we've stepped out of the traditional drugstore format and created something completely new. This new format brings together cutting-edge design with an improved product assortment, such as expanded fresh food and enhanced beauty experience and our growing private brand offering. Our goal is to create an experience unmatched in the industry. We're piloting these stores in Chicago and Indianapolis and with our flagship Duane Reade store at 40 Wall Street in New York and the soon-to-open Walgreens in Chicago's Loop. Customer response has exceeded our expectations.  In addition, we're excited about our initiative to convert stores located in food desert communities to food oasis locations with a much expanded fresh food offering. In fact, First Lady Michelle Obama recently spent some time with us in one of our Chicago stores on the south side and applauded our commitment to meet the nutritional needs of these communities. We plan to open or convert at least 1,000 food oasis doors in the next 5 years. With our new health and daily living stores, we're also advancing community pharmacy. We've made significant design changes in this area as well to enhance the patient experience. We've made our pharmacists even more accessible by bringing them out from behind the counter to fill the gap in access to healthcare services that exists in this country. We've more tightly integrated our retail clinics and pharmacies to create a real community health corner, and we now provide health guides to help patients better utilize the resources within our stores and navigate the broader healthcare community. We recently hosted Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius in one of our new health and daily living stores. In addition to receiving her flu shot from our pharmacists, the Secretary was very enthused with the role community pharmacy can play in the future of healthcare in this country.  Because of the work we're doing to transform our drugstores and advance community pharmacy, we are creating value for patients, health plans, employers and partners, and that's exactly what we've been hearing from our partners since we announced that we do not plan to be part of the Express Scripts network as of the 1st of the year. For today's update on Express Scripts, I'll focus on 3 topics: prescription retention, our cost-saving efforts and the path forward. Let's start with retention. As you recall, based on current estimates and the current assumption that we will not be in Express Scripts pharmacy networks beginning in January, including for clients such as TRICARE and WellPoint, we expect to achieve 97% to 99% of our fiscal 2011 prescription volume in fiscal 2012. We are reaffirming that today. To date, well over 100 health plans and employers and other Express Script clients have informed Walgreens that they have either changed Pharmacy Benefit Managers or taken steps consistent with their contracts to maintain access to Walgreen pharmacies in 2012.  In addition, we're in active negotiations with many health plans and employers to provide access to Walgreens in their networks as soon as their contracts allow. As part of those conversations, we're hearing from partners that this December has been the busiest in recent years for negotiations, as companies are putting their pharmacy benefit plans out for bid in unusual numbers.  Next, regarding our cost-saving efforts, we reiterate our commitment to reduce our total SG&A and cost of goods. This month, we've already implemented a number of actions at our corporate office, and we'll make any store-specific adjustments as needed after January, as we manage the transition from Express Scripts.  We're heading into the upcoming pharmacy benefit selling season with confidence in the value that Walgreens provides to patients and payers. We have a strong strategic foundation that gives us momentum, and our base costs are competitive. Building on our base, our industry-leading generic utilization and efficiency on new generics drive costs down with an estimated savings of $2 per script.  In addition, we help partners control costs through our leading 90-Day at Retail program, which generates approximately 7% savings compared to 3 30-day scripts. And with the growth we're seeing in that program, 37% this past year, it is clear that having Walgreens in the network can drive significant cost savings. We know through our discussions with employers, health plans and payers that there's great appreciation for the value we provide and a strong desire to protect their access to Walgreens. This was reaffirmed in a recent employer survey commissioned by Walgreens and administered by a third party that interviewed more than 800 respondents. The survey showed most employers would demand significant discounts from their PBM in return for excluding Walgreens from their pharmacy network. More than 80% of employers said they would not exclude Walgreens from their network for less than 5% savings on their total pharmacy spend. 60% of employers said they would not exclude Walgreens for less than 10% savings, and 21% would not exclude Walgreens from their network regardless of the savings.  To put these numbers in perspective, unlike other sectors of the healthcare industry where complex medical procedures can vary significantly in costs, the overall level of retail pharmacy reimbursements, on average, tends to vary modestly. The vast majority of pharmacy reimbursement falls within a narrow band, typically less than 5% of one another. Walgreens' unit prices fall within that narrow band and are especially competitive when compared with pharmacies that provide comparable levels of convenience and service, including drive-through pharmacies and 24-hour locations.  Also, as pointed out in a recent white paper by Catalyst, a case study client paid $6 less per prescription at Walgreens than the average of all the pharmacies combined. Our research is supported by a number of other studies in the marketplace that indicate customers value Walgreens in their network and would require savings to even consider switching. So for more information on the research, you can read this white paper we released yesterday. It's available on the IR section of our website.  To wrap up, it remains just as true today as it was in June when we announced our decision regarding Express Scripts. Patients and partners want Walgreens in their network, maintaining their personal relationship with the pharmacies they have come to trust and their access to our community pharmacies. We'll continue to drive home the value we bring to the marketplace, the choice, cost effectiveness, convenience and service we provide. We fully intend to work closely with our partners and customers to differentiate them with their clients because they have Walgreens in their networks.  Based on everything we're hearing from our partners, our customers and these survey results, we are more confident today than ever that we have made the right decisions. We believe very strongly in our ability to execute and in the unique value we offer to our patients, customers and partners. As a result, we are accelerating our strategies and focused on taking our company where the marketplace wants us to go. Our direction is clear, continue the transformation of work we have underway to improve access to quality care while lowering pharmacy cost and overall healthcare cost for our patients, partners and payers.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll review the first quarter of fiscal 2012 in detail. I'll highlight the key considerations for upcoming quarters, and finally, update you on the financial impacts of our situation Express Scripts for the fiscal and calendar year.  So let me begin by saying that this quarter's comparable store sales were impacted by several important factors, including the slow start of this year's flu season and the unusual timing and severity of the 2010 flu season. To better understand the underlying trends, we are showing the 2010 comparable sales numbers for reference. As you can see in the first quarter of fiscal 2012, prescription sales increased by 2.6%, front-end sales increased by 2.4%, total sales increased by 2.5% and prescription scripts increased by 1.8%, all versus a year ago. As our trends over the past 13 quarters highlight, the first quarter of fiscal 2010 was unusually strong, driven by the H1N1 flu pandemic and the launch of our flu shot program, and this quarter's prescription comp is still impacted by that echo effect. Remember that last year's 2% script comp was on top of a prior year comp of 9.2%.  In addition to cycling strong 2-year trends, this quarter's 1.8% comparable script growth, shown in the green bars, was impacted by: the transfers of Walgreens' patients who had Express Scripts pharmacy benefit coverage, which had a negative 0.6% impact; the slow start to this year's flu season, which had a negative 0.6% impact; and flu shots, which had a negative 0.3% impact.  Overall, the prescription industry continues to experience lower utilization. And our 1.8% comparable prescription growth outperformed the industry, excluding Walgreens, by 2.3 percentage points, despite the headwinds we faced. Looking at our longer-term trends, the 2-year stack represented by the blue line also illustrates the impact of the unusual 2010 flu season, and we believe that smoothing out the 2010 flu season impact with a 3-year stack, shown by the red line, better represents the underlying health of our prescription business.  Front-end comparable store sales shown in the green bars increased by 2.4% in the first quarter, with our basket up by 2.6% and traffic declining by 0.2%. And we're very pleased with the solid comps in our signature, power and our staple product classes, led by categories including personal care, beauty, allergy and vitamins, all strategic health and wellness categories that we have refined through our CCR initiative. And we believe that front-end strategies that we have in place position us for continued profitable growth.  Finally, our customer remains value conscious, and we have responded with smart promotions and maintaining our share while increasing profitability in the front end. As this graph illustrates, when we restate our front-end comps to each of our 3 major retail pharmacy competitors on their calendars, we outperformed all of them, as we have done in each of the last 4 quarters. And we believe that our CCR resets and our other front-end initiatives that drive relevancy and have improved the customer experience are the primary driver of our performance.  Gross profit margin for the quarter was 28.1% versus 28.5% a year ago. The pharmacy gross margins were negatively impacted by reimbursement rates, including a step-down in Express Scripts rates versus a year ago and our growing 90-Day at Retail program, and this more than offset the positive impact of new generics. Front-end margins were neutral as we struck a good balance between sales and margins across our categories, especially given the tough comparison with prior year.  Looking at gross profit margin trends by segment, you can see the progression of our quarterly margin over the past 5 quarters. As this slide illustrates, this quarter, we were cycling an 80-basis-point improvement in gross margin versus a year ago and gross margin benefited from improvements in both the front end and the pharmacy. As the year progresses and especially in the second half, we expect our pharmacy gross profit margin to benefit as a result of the increased rate of introduction of new generics.  The first quarter of 2012 SG&A dollar growth of 5% reflects investments in key strategic initiatives. And the drivers were: new store openings, non-comparable drugstore.com expenses, investments to strategic initiatives and capabilities and costs associated with our plan to no longer be a part of the Express Scripts pharmacy network. On a 2-year stacked basis, our SG&A trends continue to be favorable, even as we invest in our core business. On a GAAP basis, first quarter 2012 2-year stacked growth was 12%, down from 14.4% a year ago and from 16.5% in 2010.  Adjusting for the onetime impact of our costs associated with our drugstore.com acquisition, our 2-year stack was 7.1%, down from 10.3% last year and down from 16% in 2010. This quarter's SG&A had 80 basis points of non-comparable impact from our drugstore.com acquisition, which closed in June. And so on an adjusted basis, our SG&A was 4.2%.  Taking a look at gross profit dollar growth over the past 2 years, you can see that we are cycling 2 strong prior year quarters. First quarter 2010 gross profit dollar growth of 9.3%, shown in the blue line, was driven by H1N1 and the 2010 flu season. And our 2011 gross profit dollar growth of 9%, shown in a green line, was driven by our Duane Reade acquisition. Both of the 2 prior year first quarters had a higher level of new store openings.  In addition to cycling strong prior year quarters, this quarter's gross profit dollar growth reflects some step-downs in reimbursement, a slow start to this year's flu season and a dearth of new generics. Beginning with the November 30 launch of atorvastatin, the new generic version of the brand Lipitor, we expect to benefit from acceleration in the rate of introduction of new generics, which should positively impact our gross profit dollar growth in the second half of the fiscal year.  Looking at our SG&A dollar growth in the same framework, we're cycling a 7% SG&A dollar growth in 2011, shown in the green line, following a 7.4% SG&A dollar growth in 2010, shown in the blue line. As you can see from our trends in both gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth, as we have highlighted in the past, we experienced quarter volatility primarily as a result of the timing of new generics, the timing of the flu season, the timing of our own initiatives. And this year will be no different.  Turning to additional income statement details. This quarter included a LIFO provision of $45 million versus $42 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate of 2% was the same as it was a year ago. Our net interest expense was $17 million versus $20 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate was 37.2% versus 37% a year ago, and our average diluted shares outstanding were 885 million, down from 934 million a year ago due primarily to our share repurchase program.  And moving to our balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.1 billion at November 30 versus $2.1 billion a year ago. Accounts receivable were $2.6 billion versus $2.5 billion a year ago. LIFO inventories were $8.2 billion versus $7.9 billion a year ago, and inventories were up due to new stores and the acquisition of drugstore.com. Also contributing to the increase were higher inventories in our pain, sleep and cough and cold categories compared to a year ago, given the slow start of the flu season. Accounts payable were $4.8 billion versus $5 billion a year ago, impacted by the sale of WHI, our PBM, and just the timing of payables.  Total working capital in the quarter was $6 billion versus $5.4 billion in last year's first quarter. And as a percent of sales, working capital was 33.3% this year versus 31.3% a year ago. I'd just like to say that, overall, we feel good about our working capital position, and we remain committed to making systemic improvement, such as reducing inventory, over time while maintaining and improving our in-stock and customer satisfaction levels.  Total FIFO inventory was up 5.7% in the quarter versus 6.6% a year ago and versus 10% in the fourth quarter of 2011. On a per-store basis, inventory was up 3.6% versus negative 0.4% a year ago and versus 7.2% in the most recent quarter. The increase in inventory per store is attributable to drugstore.com acquisition and the increases in certain front-end categories I mentioned, such as pain and sleep, cough/cold, et cetera, given the softer start to the flu season. And that will ultimately make its way through the system.  In the quarter, we invested $419 million in capital expenditures versus $273 million in the first quarter of 2011. As we've previously stated, for the year, we plan to invest $1.6 billion in capital expenditures versus $1.2 billion in fiscal 2011. The biggest driver of this year's projected capital expenditure increase versus 2011 level is related to information technology, with an investment in an upgraded point-of-sale system, including mobile point-of-sale and other wireless capabilities, to enhance the customer experience and employee efficiency.  First quarter 2012 cash flow from operations was $809 million versus $1.165 billion a year ago, and the difference is primarily driven by the change in working capital. Free cash flow was $390 million versus $892 million a year ago, reflecting, again, the year-over-year uptick in capital spending. So we remain confident in our ability to continue to drive strong free cash flow through the balance of this fiscal year.  We continue to emphasize our commitment to creating value for shareholders, returning record levels of cash to shareholders in fiscal 2010 and 2011. In the first quarter, we returned $803 million to shareholders, through a combination of $601 million in share repurchases and $202 million in dividends. Recall, that we announced a 28.6% increase in our dividend per share at our July board meeting, the highest in the history of our company. Over the past 6 quarters, we have repurchased $3.4 billion of our stock, and we currently have $975 million remaining against our $2 billion share repurchase authorization that was approved in July 2011.  Now turning to an update of the financial implications of our decision regarding Express Scripts. I'm going to start with some comments on the value of including Walgreens in a pharmacy network, beginning with our cost effectiveness. Now Walgreens has a deep understanding of the pharmacy reimbursement landscape, given our experience of bringing other pharmacies into our store base through acquisitions, working with other PBMs and, until recently, owning our own PBM.  From our data and experience, we believe that the vast majority of pharmacy reimbursement, unlike other healthcare reimbursement, falls within a very narrow band, typically within 5%, as illustrated in the bell curve where reimbursement falls within the 5% range of a $60 average. While all of our data points suggest and Walgreens firmly believes that our baseline pharmacy reimbursement rates are absolutely competitive with the average of other retail pharmacies, even if we were to ponder Express Scripts allegations that we're at the high end of their range, there would be little or no net savings as a result of excluding Walgreens from a pharmacy network.  As shown in this example, even if you make the assumption that Walgreens was at the right end of a typical pharmacy range and couple that with our 20% market share, excluding Walgreens from a pharmacy network could save payers, on average, $0.30 on a $60 prescription or 0.5% of their total pharmacy spend. There has never been any evidence that we have seen to suggest that this level of savings is compelling to payers, and that is one of the reasons why narrow networks in pharmacy have never had meaningful traction.  Beyond competitive unit pricing and the value of our convenience, with the most drive-throughs and 24-hour stores in the industry, we believe that Walgreens provides additional measurable savings to payers through our industry-leading generic penetration and conversion rates, which we believes pay -- save payers approximately $2 on our scripts or $0.40 per script when using the 20% market share estimate. And our 90-Day at Retail solution, which we believe saves payers an additional 7% versus 3 30-day fills up to the level that they decide to convert to.  Our survey, which is supported by other data in the marketplace, revealed that over 80% of payers would require at least 5% of savings, which is 10x the level of savings in my example, even before factoring in generics and 90-day, and 60% of payers would require at least 10% of savings to accept the network that excludes Walgreens. Clearly, these level of savings, we believe, are unlikely to be achieved based on market information.  As we continue to execute against our health and wellness strategies, we believe the broader value of Walgreens is our opportunity to help lower total healthcare costs through expanding our clinical services, enhancing the role a pharmacist plays in the healthcare system, especially with respect to adherence and chronic disease management. To scale the opportunity, consider that if through optimal use of the pharmacy and pharmacy benefit payers could lower their overall spend on healthcare by 2%, the resulting savings would be the equivalent of saving 15% to 20% of total pharmacy cost.  Moving to the retention of Express Scripts prescriptions. I want to discuss a framework for how we develop the 25%, 50% and 75% hypothetical retention scenarios for calendar year 2012. Reiterating Greg's comment, the 100-plus payers that have already informed us that Walgreens remain in their pharmacy networks in 2012 represents approximately 10 million prescriptions or 11.4% of the total, as shown in the slide in the dark blue. These 10 million prescriptions are a combination of PBM switches and direct contracts, and it continues to grow.  With respect to the other building blocks, the feedback we have received from the market, including our ongoing discussions with employers, managed-care companies and PBMs, and supported by our survey, gives us confidence that we are well positioned to retain a significant level of available Medicare Part D, small plan and other payer scripts. Recall that CMS publish Medicare Part D enrollment data and that will be -- information be available in mid-July -- mid-January.  Looking at this slide, the hypothetical scenario in which we retained 50% of available Part D scripts and approximately 25% of all other available plan prescriptions gets us to 22 million scripts or 25% of the 88 million prescriptions that we fill on behalf of Express Scripts clients in 2011. While uncertain, we still believe that it's possible to retain or recapture the nearly 25 million prescriptions represented by WellPoint members, which if we were successful there, would get us to 50% of a going retention run rate.  And finally, we continue to offer our ironclad price guarantee to the DOD. We remain committed to serving our military personnel, and we are still working to retain this prescription volume as well, which, if combined with the others described above, would enable us to achieve a 70% retention run rate with respect to Express Scripts prescriptions we filled last year. Apart from our ironclad guarantee, recall that well over 250,000 military personnel had signed a petition urging Express Scripts to allow them to access Walgreens. Clearly, this is a very significant number for a petition by any standard. The percentages in these retention scenarios for the calendar year would be affected in the event that the business is recaptured for only part of the year, with the full percentage effect realized as we cycle the relevant retention date.  Finally, we're converting these numbers to a fiscal year impact. We estimate that prior to January 1, we have already filled approximately 29.5 million of the 88 million Express Scripts prescriptions. If we apply what we already believe we have retained and factor in an underlying growth of the business, we believe we can achieve 97% to 99% of our fiscal 2011 prescription volume in fiscal 2012. Recall that our 97% to 99% retention estimate excludes any prescription retention from WellPoint and the DOD and makes no assumption regarding the proposed Medco merger.  In our September 27 earnings call, we provided 3 hypothetical scenarios for the potential fiscal 2012 earnings impact of moving forward without participating in Express Scripts pharmacy network beginning January 1. Recall our 3 scenarios, we're retaining 25%, 50% and 75% of the annualized prescriptions and associated revenue retention. At each of these scenarios, we believe that we can offset the gross profit dollar impact of lost Express Scripts prescription volume by 50% through a combination of planned cost of goods and SG&A interventions already in place, and which Greg has mentioned before, we have already begun implementing at corporate.  Because we will continue to serve our patients through the transition, substantial portion of our cost savings will be realized in the second half of the fiscal. Using this framework, as we have previously stated, under the 25% retention scenario for January 1 to August 31, 2012 period, we estimate the impact of fiscal 2012 earnings will be approximately negative $0.21 per diluted share, and we continue to stand by these estimates.  Well, I want to close today by emphasizing that we understand the near-term challenges we face as a result of not being in the Express Scripts pharmacy network, and the angst that this has created for the investment community, given that no one likes uncertainty. However, I want to assure you that our beacon has been and always will be doing what is in the best long-term interest of our shareholders. And what we are hearing from payers and the marketplace at large, supported by our recent survey, reinforces our belief that payers, large and small, are not interested in a network that does not include Walgreens. We understand the near-term impact on our gross profit dollars, but again believe it's absolutely the right long-term decision for our company, our employees and our shareholders. We are not standing still. We have committed to and have begun implementing cost-savings plans to offset 50% of the gross profit impact for the scenarios I've outlined. And as previously framed, we have progressive plans to help other partners win back this business as time progresses.  Respect to our underlying business, I have never been more confident in our strategies and our opportunities. On top of that, we have a unique and powerful set of assets, a dual tailwinds of an aging population and the generic wave, the tremendous opportunity to leverage our assets to play a much broader and major role in our nation's healthcare system by offering quality, affordable and convenient access to health and daily living needs. As the puck is shifting, we are skating to it. We'll continue to make business investment and capital decisions to drive our strategy, and we are focused on creating long-term shareholder value, including delivering on our commitment to return cash to shareholders.  I want to thank you for your support, and now turn the call back over to Rick for Q&A.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Mark Miller with William Blair.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: In the white paper, you highlight that half of the employers have options to contract separately with Walgreens, and I think you talked about a number of those employers think there would be a resolution. But is that the main reason why you think that you've not gotten more of them to contract directly with you thus far? And for those that haven't yet, how many do you think may be able to do so in 2012?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Mark. I think that many, as we've said, were waiting toward the end to see if, indeed, we'd settle. And I think what's encouraging is the fact that they do have a clause to exit their PBM contract. And I think what we're hearing is that many are actually thinking about it and talking about doing that next year and going out to RFP.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. Also remember that 2 clients for Express Scripts represent 50% of their business, right. But as we said, we've seen a very good traction. It's literally evolving by the day. So I think it's playing out in a very positive way.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The impact that you see if you can offset half of the gross profit loss, would that be proportional across the quarters or would that impact the -- more front weighted? How should we think about that flowing through the year?
Wade D. Miquelon: You expect to have a little more impact in Q2, because as we said, we're making sure that we provide stellar level of service through January to help all of these patients, make sure they're taken care of and navigated properly.
Gregory D. Wasson: I'd agree with that. We've spent a little extra money on purpose in this quarter, to make sure that we were allowing our pharmacist to have quality time with their patients, especially during the Med D enrollment period. And I think to Wade's point, we want to make sure we're taking care of patients in January. So it's most likely be back half weighted.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Then on my last question, can you give us some sense of what tolerance you have on debt to capital, given this more intense impact upfront and given your long-term beliefs? How aggressive can you be on share repurchases that are potentially you could do more during this period?
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess, Mark, I'm only at liberty to talk about the fact that we're executing the plan we've got aligned. So as you know, we're halfway through the $2 billion plan. We continue to be aggressive and ahead of schedule on that, but that's really all I can say at this time.
Operator: Next up, we have Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to ask you a question about sort of looking down the road. And Medco has obviously been a part of the discussion here, that is the Medco merger with Express, from about a month after you made the decision to dissociate from Express. And it would seem as if the impact to sales would be similar and the impact to earnings would be greater from -- than initially walking away from Express. What would that do to your ability to return capital to shareholders? And how are you thinking about your capital plan, given the need to think about that contingency?
Gregory D. Wasson: Matt, Greg. I'll take the first half, maybe let Wade comment on the capital plan. I think -- obviously, we think that if we -- that we deserve a fair and acceptable reimbursement compensation for the services we provide, and that's what this issue is about with Express Scripts so we wouldn't accept anything different from any PBM, including Medco. Can't comment on the proposed merger, but in addition, keep in mind that Medco's book of businesses is much less than it was a year ago. And we think with the uncertainty in the marketplace next year, that they're going to be -- they're going to have a challenged selling season as well. We're working with all of our partners out there right now to help them find a solution that would have Walgreens in it, so.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, I would just say this, too, we hear the same thing from the Medco clients as we do from Express clients, which is they want Walgreens in the network, and they're going to want to have it. And the advantage they're going to have is they're going to have more window here of visibility to explore their options and probably more change of control provisions and other ways to direct their contracts. So we're very convinced that these clients are going to want Walgreens, and they'll have the luxury of time, hopefully, to find alternatives to do so.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then one other question, actually, on the near term. The payables ratio came down a chunk year-over-year. How should we think about the driver of that? And what direction do you expect it to move in?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. Little bit of an anomaly of just the WHI sale, but a lot of it is just payables can just really flow month-to-month on the month end. And so this will work its way out. So its just really just an anomaly.
Operator: Next up with Crdit Suisse, we have Ed Kelly.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you guys give us maybe your best update on how negotiations have progressed over the last 6 months with Express? And I guess what I mean by that is, has there been any movement whatsoever? And I've heard you kind of talking about a difference of maybe $4 to $5 per script, is that the delta that we're still looking at?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Ed, I'll start off with this. As I like to say all the time, we're in the business to fill scripts. And certainly, we need fair reimbursement, but we're always open. I will say that we made another serious attempt last week to get an agreement before January 1 to minimize patient disruption. Unfortunately, the response we got back was not very meaningful, and more importantly, the response was suggested to kick the can down the road past January 1, which, frankly, doesn't do anything to minimize the disruption for our patients, WellPoint's patients and Express Scripts' patients. So we're moving on, but we're always open. As I said, we're in the business to fill scripts at fair reimbursement, but -- that's the latest update I can give you.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, what do you mean by kick the can down the road as a response?
Gregory D. Wasson: Past January 1. Our focus is to minimize the patient disruption, and there's going to be a lot of disruption in the marketplace beginning January 1. And we look to make one last attempt to try to prevent that, and the timeliness of that does not make sense for us.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So we should consider that kind of like your last and best offer?
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said, I'm always open. We're in the business to fill scripts, but that was our best attempt to try to prevent the disruptions. It's going to -- it's really going to happen in the marketplace January 1, and I hope the folks don't underestimate the disruption that this is going to cause.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. So getting back to Medco, I mean, how should we begin to think about the Medco contract assuming obviously that Express does close on this deal? How has that weighed on your decision to not accept Express's offer?
Gregory D. Wasson: I would say it hasn't changed our opinion one bit. Getting a bad deal with one party doesn't make you feel any better about getting a bad deal with 2. The reality is the people at Medco's network they value Walgreens network. They feel they're getting fair services for what we provide. And as long as we can keep compensated fairly for what we do, that's probably fine. But all the data suggests, those clients are going to want Walgreens in the network, and like I said, they'll have to look at all their options. And if it does happen with the luxury of time, we're very confident that we'll have that business one way or another as well. Ed, I think it's important to point out that, frankly, we're feeling more and more confident about this decision every day. We have plans, health plans, PBMs coming to us daily looking for the opportunity to differentiate themselves next year by having us in their network versus those that don't. And when you think about the fact that we absolutely are convinced that there is no significant cost savings, and in fact, by removing us, there may be increase in cost and the fact that you've got Walgreens in the network versus no without, we're encouraged by partnering with the folks that are out there looking to differentiate themselves and win in the marketplace next year.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Then I guess what I don't understand is that you clearly make the case that it's not that much cost savings and a lot of disruption. And it doesn't really seem on the surface, if I just listen to this call, to make any sense that you're in this situation today, and yet you look at Express Scripts, right, and Express Scripts has shareholders to answer to as well. So I just -- I don't understand basically why we're seeing this today if all that is fair.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, clearly, their spread model obviously doesn't work if we don't pay them the rates that they want from us. But obviously, we just expected 2 principles of being compensated fairly for what we do and also not advantaging any one payer substantially versus others, unless there's a reason to warrant it. And as long as we stand by that principle, we're going to be just fine with or without them. And we would agree. We don't understand the fact. But frankly, Express Scripts desire to force narrow networks based on cost is only accelerating our ability to create deeper preferred partnerships with our partners based on both value and cost, and that's where we're headed.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just back to this Medco contract for a second. If you were to accept Express Scripts offer on that Medco contract, how big of a hit would that end up being? Because I -- I mean, I've heard from your peers that the Medco's reimbursements are actually better than Express Scripts' reimbursements. Is that right?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, we're not going to talk about any client obviously, but the fact that we have an issue right now with Express Scripts and not Medco tells you something. But we feel we get fair with all payers, including Medco, but we're not getting fair compensation with Express. And that's why we've done what we've done.
Edward J. Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. One last question for you. Just lets take a step back for a minute and think about sort of longer-term strategy, right. Because it's kind of clear that drug retail seems to becoming a more challenging business. I mean, we hear your peers talking about reimbursement pressure. You've obviously got this dispute with what's potentially soon to be the biggest PBM out there. How has it changed the way you're thinking about corporate strategy? And what I mean by that is, do you view your business as maybe you need more scale and maybe M&A is a way to take care of that? Or do you look at the PBM retail model differently than maybe you have in the past?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Ed, good question. Frankly, I think what it does is get us more excited about our strategy and the need to even accelerate it and the opportunity to accelerate it. Frankly, as I said, this skirmish is moving the marketplace more toward us. The other hundreds of payers out there are looking to work more closely with us, and that's actually helping us. So we're excited about the strategic direction we're headed in. We're excited about the value the community pharmacy can and will play in the future, and frankly, we're accelerating.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I think Greg's completely right. I mean, in the bigger picture, we've got many, many tailwinds. We've got the generic wave coming on. We've got the aging population. But I think even more importantly, people are saying how can a valued community pharmacy and this 12% of spend help me and enable me to save on the other 88% of spend. And that's a huge opportunities for us to play, not only in pharmacy, but beyond that, into the health and daily living space that we're evolving to. So I'm optimistic on the space. I think we've got a great future ahead. We just have to play our game.
Operator: We'll move next to John Heinbockel, excuse me, with Guggenheim Securities.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Guys, couple of things. Have you heard anything at all from WellPoint or there's been radio silence there as it relates to you?
Gregory D. Wasson: We've been in discussions with WellPoint as we are with all our payers over the last several months, but we can't comment specifically on what's going on with WellPoint.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Secondly, you would think if Medco-Express goes through, there would be -- to some degree, there would be a value in you having a closer, an even closer relationship with Caremark. And obviously, if CVS didn't own it, that might be easier. Does that -- does the fact that CVS is a competitor on the retail side complicate that ability to have a closer relationship with them strategically, on the PBM front?
Gregory D. Wasson: John, I would say no. As I said earlier, we're in the business to fill scripts. We're looking to partner with anybody who wants to leverage having us in their network. And frankly, I think the opportunity to have a wider, broader network, including Walgreens in Caremark's network, is an opportunity and advantage for Caremark. So we're absolutely interested and willing to work with Caremark.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I think common ground we both have, is we both have and both value community pharmacy. It's part of who we are, and I think that's a common ground we can work from.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: If January 1 comes and goes -- I mean, people often ask, could you January 5 or 10 or whatever come to an agreement, obviously, you can come to an agreement at any point, but just practically, it almost doesn't make sense if we go past the 1st to do it until something is proven out right in theory. The white paper you guys have laid out, that has to get proven out. So it almost seems like if January 1 comes and goes, it's going to take a while for the 2 sides to get back together and work together again. It's not an overnight thing. Is that fair?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think that's right.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, as I said, we made our last attempt last week. So that we'd minimize the disruption January 1. I think once it crosses January 1, there's going to be a lot of disruption in the marketplace. And frankly, that's why we're locked and loaded, and we're moving on.
Wade D. Miquelon: Plus, as we partner with others who are very eager to win new business, we need to picture that tactic if we cross that January 1 line and make sure that we work with them and help them continue these partnerships.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you -- have you done any work to see if you lose a script to somebody and it's gone for -- let's say, the PBM contract changes hands next year, but it's gone for 6 months or it's gone for a year, what's the -- maybe this has -- it has never happened before, but what's the percentage likelihood of getting that script back? Is it 50-50 after 3 months? Is it 25-75 after 6? Have you done any work on that?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, let's put it this way, when we have -- had been forced out of plans in the past, what we have seen is that patients return much more sooner than they do if they choose on their own to go elsewhere. So there -- if the patient is forced to go somewhere and then we are back in that plan, they return to us much sooner than they do if they just chose that -- they made that decision on their own.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. But what did you find in terms of timing though? How quickly -- what was the time lapse there for them -- for you to be back in that plan?
Gregory D. Wasson: It varies by plan, by market and by market share.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Then one final, just housekeeping thing. If you look at -- your pharmacy gross looks like down about as much as it's been in 2 years. How much of that was the Express reset? Was that half of it, or was that not that big?
Gregory D. Wasson: Ill just say it was material, but I wont say more than that.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So there's reimbursement broadly?
Wade D. Miquelon: It was a meaningful step-down in the number.
Operator: Next up with Cleveland Research, we have Eric Bosshard.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: I'm just curious if you can provide a little bit of color on the retention number, the retention expectation in these next couple of months, specifically -- I know you've outlined where retention might be. But in January, February, March, what would you expect the retention number to be?
Gregory D. Wasson: Eric, let me start, and then Wade can fill in a little more. What's encouraging is, as I said, I think, in my prepared remarks, the activity that we've seen in December with our partners is excessive compared to what a normal season is. That's encouraging. People that are now beginning to realize this could be major disruption for their employees are moving. We think that, that will continue on through January, February and March, as people begin to really realize what this will do. So we -- it's hard to put a number on it, but we think the -- typically, when there is almost no activity in January, February and March, there will be activity this January, February and March.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I would just say, you can see that we've got the 11.4% basically. They're kind of in the bank. Again, we feel pretty good about winning back a meaningful part of Med D. What is it exactly? We won't know. But it will be meaningful, we believe. This all other -- there's just a lot of plans. We don't even know what they are. And every day, we're getting notification of one more that we didn't know, so we don't know in that bucket what we don't know until we get there. And then of course, these other big blocks, what remains to be seen with DOD or WellPoint is -- I know but -- I think we feel pretty good about the progress we're making, and we'll keep making it.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Within sort of -- and I appreciate that the Part D you don't know until you get, I guess, into January and some of these other plans you don't know. But is it reasonable or logical, just trying to get a sense, that the January number is going to be at the lower end of whatever it's going to be? I mean, how -- I guess I'm just trying to figure out how it might step up from month-to-month, and if January could be this 11% number and then it would work its way higher from then. That's what I'm trying to better understand, but...
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I think it will continue. I mean, I've always said that whatever happens on January 1, in that period, we've always viewed that as that's going to be our toughest period, because we know, well disproportionally get business back with other parties that value having us in their network. So whatever that is, it will continue to grow. The rate at which it grows, I think, remains to be seen, but all the market indications, everything we're seeing and hearing, everything our survey validates basically says that it's really a matter of time before people find an option to get what they want.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And then secondly, with these plans that you're negotiating directly with to get back into the plan, are you making any concessions to them? Is there any pricing change or reimbursement change that you're offering as an inducement for them, or is that part of the deal?
Gregory D. Wasson: No, Eric. In most cases, once they realize what the rates are that we're offering, they realize those are pretty darn good rates.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I think exactly that's right, and I think it also affect those principle, too, of being fair with all the people that we deal with.
Gregory D. Wasson: And, Eric, I'd just like to add the fact that in addition to our belief and the research we've done, that our baseline costs are extremely competitive. The opportunity for a client to take advantage of not only our generic utilization, but also our 90-Day at Retail offering, there are significant savings opportunity out there for clients. That if they were indeed given the opportunity to add a 90-Day Retail benefit on top of an existing mail benefit, there is -- there are ample savings for clients, and that's what we're pushing.
Wade D. Miquelon: Eric, I'll say one more thing, too. I think what this thing has done is -- recall in the past, we haven't been able to talk or work with a lot of these clients directly. So they've never -- many of them have never known what our actual rates are. Now as many are coming and able to look at our direct rate, I would say the general feeling is a bit of surprise that our rates were much more competitive than they thought. And I think the thing is that now they're starting to understand the spread in the middle versus the actual rates, and I think that that's a good development. And I think we want people to know that we're very competitive with other pharmacies.
Gregory D. Wasson: Unfortunately, a 1,000-employer shop -- Joe's garage shop has no idea what rate that Walgreens is giving to their PBM.
Operator: Next up, we'll take a question from Meredith Adler with Barclays Capital.
Brian Wang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is actually Brian Wang on for Meredith. Just to change things up a little bit. Our question is actually around the front end. How long do you expect the benefits of the CCR initiative to last? And are you seeing above-average comps in year 2 of the CCR stores that were first converted?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Brian, we feel confident with CCR. You keep in mind, CCR wasn't just a static initiative. We're continuing to improve and add content, enhance product assortment, so forth. So we call it -- internally, we call it CCR 1.0, 2.0 and whatever, but -- so CCR was just a much-needed refresh, few reduction and some improvement of systems to help us manage our business better. That's been accomplished in 6,400 stores, and now we're moving on to the next big opportunities, which is content addition and marketing opportunities.
Wade D. Miquelon: So exactly, I think Greg's completely right. I mean, we continue to raise our game in food, raise our game in beauty, raise our game in private label, et cetera and so forth. And so this is really just an evolutionary path, but we're very focused, and I think there's a lot of opportunity beyond 1.0.
Brian Wang: Okay. So you expect it to -- as you make additional improvements, you expect it to continue to benefit results going forward, I would assume.
Gregory D. Wasson: We expect to win in our front end.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any final comments they may have.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that's our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report December sales on January 5. Our next investor event will be the Annual Shareholder Meeting in Chicago on January 11, and we report second quarter earnings on Tuesday, March 27.  Until then, thank you for listening. Happy holidays to everyone, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: This will conclude this Walgreen Co. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-09-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gregory D. Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer
Analysts: John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Walgreen Company Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And now at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Hans, Division VP of IR. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Kathy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss the quarter and fiscal year. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy, Health & Wellness Services and Solutions; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliation. Also, I'm available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I'll begin with a review of our quarter and fiscal year. Second, I'll provide an update on our status with Express Scripts. And finally, I'll discuss our strategies to become America's first choice for health and daily living. Then I'll turn it over to Wade, who will give you more details on our quarterly and full year performance, offer context around Express Scripts and frame the key considerations for fiscal year 2012.  Starting with our results today, we had a solid quarter and a strong year as we made substantial progress on our transformation strategy. You saw in our release this morning, we reported record fourth quarter sales of $18 billion, up 6.5% from $16.9 billion a year ago. Excluding the after-tax gain from the sale of WHI, our pharmacy benefit manager, which closed in June, fourth quarter EBIT increased to $832 million. Fourth quarter net earnings were $519 million, and fourth quarter earnings per diluted share increased to $0.57.  Our earnings this quarter marked the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in earnings per share. On a GAAP basis, which included a $434 million of pretax, $273 million after-tax gain or $0.30 per diluted share from the sale of WHI, fourth quarter EBIT was $1.3 billion. Fourth quarter net earnings were $792 million, and fourth quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.87.  In addition to the gain from the sale of WHI, both our reported and our adjusted earnings per diluted share included $0.02 of dilution from our acquisition of drugstore.com and $0.01 of restructuring and restructuring-related costs associated with our Rewiring for Growth initiative.  Last year's fourth quarter results included the negative impact of $0.04 per diluted share related to the acquisition of Duane Reade and $0.01 per diluted share in Rewiring for Growth costs. As we've previously stated, in fiscal 2012, we expect $0.03 to $0.04 of dilution related to drugstore.com. Now turning to our performance for the fiscal year, we posted record sales of $72.2 billion, up 7.1% from $67.4 billion last year. Excluding the after-tax gain from the sale of WHI, our adjusted fiscal 2011 EBIT was $3.9 billion, up 13.7%, and our adjusted fiscal 2011 earnings per diluted share were $2.64, a 24.5% increase. On a GAAP basis, including the after-tax gain from the sale of WHI, fiscal 2011 EBIT was $4.4 billion, up 26.2%. Net earnings for the year were $2.7 billion, up 29.8%. In fiscal year 2011, earnings per diluted share were $2.94, up 38.7%. And finally, operating cash flow for fiscal 2011 was $3.6 billion versus $3.7 billion in fiscal 2010. In the fourth quarter, we grew gross profit dollars at 5.8% or $277 million versus SG&A dollars at 4.8% or $191 million, yielding an $86-million difference. For the full year, the spread between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth was $473 million. The spread reflects the success of our strategies to drive top line growth in our front end and our pharmacy and health and wellness services while carefully managing our costs.  Overall, our strong performance and solid results this year demonstrated that we are on the right track in our transformation as we continue to leverage the best store network in America and expand our Pharmacy, Health and Wellness Solutions. And most of all, our results this year demonstrated the value that Walgreens provides every day in communities across our nation.  Let me touch on some of the key milestones we achieved in fiscal 2011. On the pharmacy and healthcare side, Walgreens now fills 1 out of every 5 retail prescriptions in America with a record 819 million prescriptions filled, an increase of 5.3% in fiscal 2011. We also administered 6.4 million flu shots during the last flu season as we continued to be the largest provider of flu shots in the country outside of the government.  To expand the role we play in healthcare, we established important partnerships with top health systems, including Johns Hopkins Medicine, Ochsner Health System and Louisiana State University to name a few in order to enhance coordinated care to patients.  Turning to the daily living side. We refreshed and revitalized our front end, completing our plan launched in 2009 to convert or open 5,500 stores to our customer-centric retailing format, which offers more targeted assortment, better sidelines and new dcor packages. Our CCR stores are reporting higher customer satisfaction and improved sales.  We've also expanded our product offerings across all of our stores, completing our roll out of beer and wine, adding fresh foods, launching a new format with expanded grocery in our Food Oasis stores and building our Private Brand business, including the August launch of Nice! In addition, we opened or acquired 199 net new drugstores this past year, including a 22,000-square-foot flagship Duane Reade store at 40 Wall Street with a pharmacy powered by Walgreens. We expanded our multi-channel capabilities with the acquisition of drugstore.com, which enables us to reach an additional 3 million online customers, forge relationships with new vendors and partners and add approximately 60,000 health, personal care and beauty products through online offering.  In terms of our financial highlights, in addition to record sales and earnings per diluted share, we completed our 3-year Rewiring for Growth cost savings initiatives and exceeded our $1 billion goal. Finally, we announced the largest dividend increase in the history of the company in July and including share repurchases, this year we returned a record $2.4 billion to shareholders.  Looking ahead, let me touch on our status with Express Scripts and the opportunities we see. As you know, our contract renewal negotiations have been unsuccessful, and we're planning not to be part of the Express Scripts network as of the first of the year. At the time we made our announcement on the last earnings call, we emphasized that the terms Express Scripts offered us, including rates that were below the industry average cost to provide a prescription, were not in the best interests of our company, our customers, our employees, or our shareholders and we still firmly believe that. We also said we intend to work closely with our partners who are focused on lowering overall healthcare costs and recognize the critical value that community pharmacy can provide.  Since then, many of these partners have indeed made clear that they value the choice, cost effectiveness, convenience and service of Walgreens and want to move forward with us. Also patients and employees have made it clear, they want to continue having the choice of Walgreens, maintaining their personal relationship with the pharmacists they've come to trust. This interest of our partners to maintain access to Walgreens community pharmacies has created additional opportunities for us.  Finally, during the upcoming open enrollment period, Medicare beneficiaries will be able to choose a plan that best meets their healthcare needs. Many Medicare plans include Walgreens in their pharmacy provider networks, and we expect that beneficiaries will take that into account as they make these important plan decisions. The interest in continuing a relationship with Walgreens demonstrates what our data has shown: that employers and plans are not interested in restricted networks for little or no savings and that without Walgreens in the network, their cost could actually go up while at the same time creating unnecessary patient disruption.  We know that Walgreens can play a vital role in advancing cost-effective Pharmacy, Health and Wellness Solutions. To make that clear, we recently released a white paper demonstrating the real value of Walgreens to pharmacy benefit networks. In addition to our competitive base pricing, we reduce overall costs for payers in many ways, including our generic convergence and utilization and our 90-Day at Retail program. With 74% generic penetration in Express Scripts' own network, which is 140 basis points better than the average of their network that does not include Walgreens, we produce a savings of around $2 per script. That comes about $180 million in total savings each year to Express Scripts and its clients.  Through our leading 90-Day at Retail program, Walgreens promotes 90-day prescriptions for patients on chronic medications, offering 6% to 8% savings compared with 30 day scripts. Allowing patients to receive extended supplies of chronic medications through a 90-Day at Retail benefit in addition to a 90-day mail benefit has been demonstrated to substantially lower cost, increase compliance and improve the overall health of patients.  In addition, we helped to reduce overall costs with our broad array of health services including immunizations, adherence programs and health screening and testing services. When you combine all these efforts to save overall costs, price, generic efficiency and 90-day scripts, it's clear why excluding Walgreens is not in the best interest of patients and payers, and why many of our partners want to stay with us. If you haven't already, I invite you to take a look at our The Value of Walgreens white paper on our website.  Now let me turn to the 5 key strategies that we are focused on to create even greater value for our customers and patients in this fiscal year and beyond. As we enter fiscal 2012, we continue to refine and strengthen our strategies to become the first choice for health and daily living for customers and patients across the country. First, as we complete the refresh of our stores, we're also moving forward to completely redefine the drug store experience, set us apart in our industry and establish Walgreens as a destination for consumers to meet a broad range of health and daily living needs. We're bringing together all the transformation strategies we've developed over the past 3 years to pilot an exciting new concept store for Walgreens. These new pilot formats give us the opportunity to create the physical expression of all the work we've talked about with you over the last several years: a redesigned pharmacy, a new front end with fresh food, expanded beauty and all of our learnings from CCR in one place.  Through this year, we've converted or opened 20 of these new concept stores in the Chicago area, and we've been expanding the pilot to Indianapolis. And in New York, at our 40 Wall Street store, we brought together the best of Duane Reade and Walgreens to create a truly unique shopping environment. We've also added Food Oasis stores to provide fresh food in underserved food desert communities and plan to open or convert at least 1,000 more over the next 5 years.  With a large existing presence in underserved markets, more than any other retailer today, we are uniquely positioned to address this opportunity. We continue to focus on advancing community pharmacy to play a greater role in healthcare through integration and expanded services. As you know, we've been very successful with our flu shot program, a great example of customers coming to the community pharmacist for broader healthcare services. As a result, we've added more healthcare solutions such as additional immunizations and vaccinations, health tests and screenings and clinical services. We're also playing a more significant role in improving health outcomes for patients by helping to improve adherence, medication management and the use of advanced specialty and infused medications through counseling support and education.  With our partnerships with health systems, we're taking the next steps in our communities to coordinate and integrate with national, regional and local health systems and advance the care our patients receive with some of the best physicians and clinicians in healthcare. For more about this, we just issued a second white paper that outlines our expanding scope of traditional pharmacy services, our leadership in home infusion and specialty pharmacy, our partnerships with major hospital systems managing their outpatient pharmacies and the expanding health and wellness services we provide through our Take Care Clinics. Next, as we transform the traditional drugstore and advanced community pharmacy, our third key strategy is to deliver an outstanding customer experience through enhanced employee engagement. Studies have shown that there is a direct link between how engaged employees feel at work, the quality of service they provide to their customers and the value delivered to shareholders. To continue to make that equation work, we are strengthening employee engagement by setting new standards, providing additional training and developing strong leadership.  We're also focused on expanding across new channels and markets to ensure our customers have access to what they want, when they want and where they want it. Fiscal 2011 was a pivotal year in our expansion of our multi-channel business as we welcomed drugstore.com into the Walgreens family of companies. Our teams are fully engaged and are on track with our integration efforts, and we're looking forward to the innovation and growth that will result from their efforts into fiscal 2012. We've also rolled out new services such as Web Pickup, services now available to all of our Chicago stores as well as our San Jose pilot market. And finally, we're reinventing our cost structure through continuous improvement and innovation rather than driving onetime programs designed to generate savings. We're building that cost discipline into our daily business operations and corporate DNA, making it a way of life at Walgreens as we look at SG&A and COGS differently. As we close the books on 2011, we're more excited than ever about the plans and initiatives we have underway as we continue the transformation of Walgreens into 2012 and provide even greater value for our customers and our patients. We've built a solid financial foundation that gives us a platform to continue to innovate and transform our business. We've accomplished a great deal this year, and it's thanks to all of our people, their focused effort and tremendous hard work. We're looking forward to 2012 and to continuing to accomplish great things for Walgreens.  And finally, we want to thank Dana Green, our recently retired General Counsel for her 37 years of service, and welcome Tom Sabatino, who joined us this month in that role. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg and good morning to everyone. This morning, I'll first review our quarter, then I'll update you on our plan to move forward without being in Express Scripts pharmacy network, including how we frame the potential fiscal 2012 earnings impact of that decision.  Let me begin by saying that we are pleased with our strong performance on our key financial metrics in what continues to be a challenging economic environment. Following Greg's summary of our financial results, I'll begin with detail regarding comp trends.  Our fourth quarter comparable sales and prescription trends have each improved from a year ago with prescription comp sales increasing 4.4%, front-end comps sales increasing 4.6%, total comp sales increasing 4.4% and comparable prescriptions filled increasing 3.4% for the quarter.  For the year, our comparable sales trends have improved as well, with prescription sales comp up 3.3%, front-end sales comp up 3.3% and total sales comp up 3.3%. Finally, our RX script comp for the year was up 3.7% versus up 4.5% in fiscal '10, reflecting the slowdown of prescription utilization in the industry year-over-year. For fiscal 2011, we achieved 20% retail pharmacy share, up 50 basis points from fiscal 2010.  Looking at our quarterly trends over the past 3 years, our prescription comp, shown in the green bars, increased by 3.4% in the fourth quarter, up from last year's 3.3% despite the slowdown in the industry from 3.5% growth in the fourth quarter of 2010 to 1% in the fourth quarter of 2011. On a 2-year stack basis, represented by the blue line, comparable prescription increases remained in the 6% to 8% range. And finally, recall the spikes in the 2-year stack's in both the first quarter of 2010 and 2011 was caused by the unusual timing and severity of the 2010 flu season.  Our quarterly front-end comp sales were up a robust 4.6% versus an increase of about 1.2% a year ago. The biggest driver continues to be CCR, with over 5,500 stores either converted or opened in the new format to date, which was designed to positively impact the shopper experience and increase traffic and basket.  Into more specific categories, beer and wine contributed over 50 basis points to comp this quarter after adding 76 basis points a year ago. We continue to achieve a good mix between traffic and basket with traffic up 1.6% and basket up 3%. Within that basket, we are seeing some inflation and believe our convenience model affords us the ability to pass majority of it through.  The 2-year stack shown by the blue line continue to trend up, reaching 5.8% in the quarter after bottoming out in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. Compared to the industry, our sales continued to perform well. When comparing our front-end comps to the next 3 largest retail pharmacy competitors, adjusting our comps to their calendars, we outperformed all 3 by a wide margin as shown on this chart. On a 2-year stack basis, we outperformed all 3 by over 300 basis points as well. Like everyone, we continue to see a cautious consumer and a competitive retail environment. This outperformance, we believe, is a reflection of our differentiated strategies coupled with strong execution. Turning to margin. Our gross margin as a percent of sales was up 28.2% in the current quarter compared to 28.4% last year. The front-end margin was lower primarily as we were up against a strong prior-year quarter. We believe our strategies are working to drive profitable front-end growth, good balance of mix, pricing and promotion. Overall margin change in the quarter was not impacted by pharmacy, which was flat year-over-year.  Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, this quarter, overall margins were cycling a 70-basis point improvement. So for the 2-year period, we achieved a 50-basis point gain. Looking forward, keep in mind that we are cycling an 80-basis point improvement in last year's first quarter, so as we've discussed in recent quarters, additional progress becomes increasingly difficult to achieve. As we frequently remind you, we believe that gross profit dollar growth and increases in traffic and basket rather than gross margin percent are the more relevant measures of our progress and will become increasingly important to consider as we move through the upcoming generic wave.  2-year stack SG&A trends improved versus a year ago with 15.8% growth in the fourth quarter of 2011, down from 20.6% last year. Recall that the fourth quarter in 2010, SG&A growth included 550 basis points impact from the acquisition of Duane Reade, which was a major driver of this year's lower SG&A dollar growth. After adjusting for restructuring-related costs associated with the Duane Reade acquisition in 2010 and costs associated with the drugstore.com acquisition in 2011, our 2-year stack SG&A growth showed improvement at 9.8% for the most recent period.  Finally, I'm pleased to repeat Greg's comments that we have completed our 3-year Rewiring for Growth initiative, successfully over delivering our $1 billion and one ongoing cost savings versus our 2008 base as reflected in the decline in SG&A dollar growth over the past 3 years. To get to our core SG&A dollar growth, you could see that our reported 4.8% SG&A growth included 70 basis points of operation costs and 30 basis points of transaction costs related to the drugstore.com acquisition. The remaining base SG&A dollar growth was a combination of store openings, inflation and business mix. With respect to our CCR, our SG&A included $84 million of CCR conversion costs in fiscal 2011, up from $45 million in fiscal 2010.  This next slide shows our quarterly gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 8 quarters with the blue line representing fiscal 2010 and the green line representing fiscal 2011 and the red line showing the 2-year stack trend. The primary driver of our higher gross profit dollar growth in the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first 3 quarters of 2011 was the acquisition of Duane Reade. When we cycled the acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2011, you can see the slower gross profit dollar growth. As you look at the upcoming first quarter, you should consider the following points: First, the timing and severity of this year's cough, cold and flu season. Currently, the incidence of flu is running about 15% below a year ago. Second, we are cycling 2 years of strong gross profit dollar growth. And third, on a quarterly basis, we will continue to experience volatility resulting from the timing of generic introductions, which we believe will impact us more significantly as the year progresses.  And finally, regarding AMP, we are currently analyzing the draft FULs that CMS released last week, which are subject to a comment period and changes are anticipated. We are still awaiting the proposed AMP rule, which will provide direction to manufacturers for calculation on AMP. To date, manufacturers have been providing AMP data based on their interpretation of the Affordable Care Act without regulations. We will be working with states to increase their dispensing fees to more appropriately reflect pharmacy costs to dispense a prescription. And as we previously said, it's still premature to speculate on the ultimate timing and financial impact of AMP. We have a similar concept for SG&A dollar growth for the last 8 quarters, with the blue line representing 2010 and the green line representing the fiscal 2011 and the red line showing the 2-year stack trend. As you can see, SG&A dollar growth in the quarter was 4.8% versus 11% a year ago. Last year's SG&A dollar growth rate includes 550 basis points from the impact of the Duane Reade acquisition. Now as you can see from this slide, our first quarter will be our most difficult gross profit dollar comp of the year when we cycle a 9% gross profit dollar growth. Recall that our first quarter in fiscal 2011 was strong performance versus the prior year as well.  Taking you through our income statement, this quarter included a LIFO provision of $60 million versus $61 million a year ago. Our effective LIFO rate for the year was 2.4%, up from 1.7% a year ago. Restructuring costs were $20 million versus $19 million last year. Net interest expense was $15 million down from $18 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate was 36.7% versus 35.6% last year. Before the year, our effective income tax rate came in at 36.8% versus 38% in fiscal 2010. Average diluted shares outstanding were 911 million versus 965 million a year ago due primarily to our share repurchase program.  Cash and cash equivalents were $1.6 billion as of August 31 versus $1.9 billion a year ago. Overall working capital increased by 9.3% versus a year ago, driven primarily by increased inventories and the impact of the WHI divestiture. Finally, as a percent of sales, working capital was up 2.6%. Total FIFO inventory increased by 10% in the quarter versus 6.5% in total sales. The FIFO inventories increased by 7.2% on a per store basis. The increase in per store inventory was primarily in the front-end and related to strategic decisions including inventory we assumed with the acquisition of drugstore.com and the increase in certain categories, which is pain, sleep, cough and cold, where we have been running low due to supply constraints last year.  For the year, we invested $1.2 billion in capital expenditures, including approximately $300 million in our new stores and $500 million in existing stores including remodels and store IT. In addition, we invested $100 million in our distribution centers and $300 million in corporate technology and other investments. For the year ended August 31, 2011, we generated $3.6 billion in cash from operations compared to $3.7 billion a year ago, continuing our strong cash flow generation driven by our strong earnings. Cash flow from operations was down slightly from a year ago, due primarily to the impact from working capital. Free cash flow was down as a result of higher capital spending versus 2010 as well as the impact of higher working capital. As one of our core capital allocation priorities, we continued to return surplus cash to shareholders, and in the fourth quarter, we returned $759 million including $159 million in dividends and $600 million through share repurchases. As of August 31, 2011, we repurchased $425 million against our new $2 billion authorization. And as you can see, in fiscal 2011, we returned a total of over $2.4 billion to our shareholders.  Now let me share our plan to move forward without being in Express Scripts' pharmacy networks. As Greg noted, we're working on a number of Express Scripts customers consistent with the contractual obligations to help them evaluate all of their options to ensure that their members and our patients have continued access to Walgreens in their pharmacy networks. While we cannot comment on any plans or contracts specifically, we're very pleased with the response that we are receiving, and we expect these plans will make announcements when they are ready.  While it's still too early to quantify how much of this business we will ultimately retain, I can share with you how we think about the various levers, including retention of total sales and cost savings opportunities and the potential resulting impact on our fiscal 2012 earnings. Because we're not going to speculate on the ultimate retention, we're going to illustrate 3 different retention scenarios among the many possible scenarios to illustrate how we frame the potential financial impacts.  Regarding cost savings, we believe that within a range of 25% to 75% retention, with the cost savings plans we have in place, we can offset the anticipated gross profit impact by approximately 50%, including both COGS and SG&A interventions. Applying this framework under scenario A, which depicts 25% retention, the total revenue retained would be approximately $1.3 billion. To frame our cost savings under 25% retention scenario, consider that our COGS pool is nearly $52 billion. So improvement in the supply chain of 1/3 of 1% can generate over $170 million in savings and our SG&A pool is over $16.5 billion. So additional measures here could yield up to $250 million equal to 1.5% of our total SG&A.  So again, using this framework under 25% retention scenario, we estimate the impact of financial earnings will be approximately negative $0.21 per diluted share. Using the same framework, we estimate that the impact of 50% retention could be approximately negative $0.14 per share and the impact of 75% retention will be approximately negative $0.07 per share.  As I said before, we're not going to speculate at this time on the amount of business we'll ultimately retain, and it may be less than 25% or may be greater than 75%. But I hope this slide helps you dimensionalize the EPS impact that we may be looking at under different scenarios. And of course, on a longer-term basis, we believe additional business will move to networks that have Walgreens in the network. Finally, recall that in light of the planned cost interventions we will implement as a result of our current situation with ESI, we have temporarily suspended our goals for our key financial metrics. The upcoming generic wave will benefit many including payers, PBMs, providers and patients. Generic wave will also help to control drug trend increases projected to be in the low-single digits compared to overall healthcare spending projected to grow in the high-single digit. In Walgreens' proposal to Express Scripts, we offered to hold annual average reimbursement cost increases to within an estimated 2% annually over the next 3 years, which compares to a 3.2% annual drug trend increase that Express Scripts reflects in their 2010 drug trend report. In closing, notwithstanding the fragile external environment, our strategies are translating into solid financial results. We continue to leverage our leadership position in the community pharmacy to play a more significant role on the healthcare system as our stores become the first choice in retail health and daily living. We have strategies in place to create new revenue streams. We continue to reinvest in our stores, expand our offerings and invest in new channels and keep an absolute focus and continuous improvements and innovations in our cost structure. And finally, we are committed to creating shareholder value through disciplined financial decisions and a sound capital allocation policy, and we thank you for your support as our shareholders.
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Wade. That concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Mark Miller of William Blair.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: There was a lot discussed there. Wade, in your prepared remarks, you went through kind of quickly the company's objectives to offset the lower gross profits proceeding without Express Scripts. Could you go over that in a little more detail and elaborate basically where would you find the additional savings on the cost of goods and also on SG&A, I guess, given the company has been running leaner the last couple years with the prior objectives.
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess the first thing I'd say is that we absolutely have plans in place to deliver against the framework that I gave you, both with respect to SG&A and COGS. And as you've seen from the data, we have subsequent pools, about $50 billion of COGS and over $16 billion of SG&A. With respect to any specific detail plans, the levers we'll pull are going to be dependent upon how much business we retain or don't. So I don't want to go into significant detail right now on what those are, but I guess I would just say that rest assured that the plans are in place.
Mark R. Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Can I just ask one follow-up then? I know one of the things you're working on is doing more direct imports. Is that a significant part of it or, I mean, can you comment at all on what the bigger buckets would be? It's just not obvious what it would be.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, there's no question that expanding our base for suppliers, including overseas, being more rigorous about our B [ph] processes are all part of that. Also just we're looking at how we run the fundamental supply chain and how we can use different types of partners to help us make more effective is another piece. But again, when you look at the grand scheme of overall costs, we're talking about a very small percent to get back to what we need to offset half of those retention rates.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Wolf of BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I think the other side of the same question, which is kind of 2 parted. One is, is it closer to 25%, 75%, 0 or 100%? And also time frame. There's also a theory that even as you may be persuasive in the marketplace, the clock is sort of heading towards the end of the year and are you going to run up to -- are you potentially too close to the end of the year and disruptions, plan changes, how is that potentially impacting timing of potentially going direct with folks? So it's 2 parts. Any more granularity on helping us understand the scope of your conversations. Maybe you can -- for example, when you gave us the Express book of business, for you it's about 71% MCOs and employer groups. I would hope, I would expect, I guess, that, that would be where you would expect to see the most retention. Is it sort of a pro rata situation with the customers, like if you hit the 50% mark, would it be pro rata to the business or would it be more on one group of payers than the others? And again, the second part is one area.
Gregory D. Wasson: Andy, Greg. As Wade said and as I said, we're not going to speculate on retention. We do feel that we are having positive response from all of our partners. First and foremost, our intent is to work with everyone, all the partners, our patients, their beneficiaries, to try to find solutions that allows them to continue to use Walgreens. And we are having positive response from many. I think regarding the time frame, I think as we get -- as plans and employers begin to get closer to that time, that cut off for the first of the year, I think you'll continue to see more interest and more activity. And certainly, from our point of view, it's really up to the plans and employers to make that public themselves. We certainly respect their desire to do just that, but we believe that the relationship that we have and we're seeing with patients and employees in the market and the value they place on continuing to use their community pharmacist that they've known and trusted for years is powerful, and we feel good that we're moving in the right direction.
Wade D. Miquelon: Let me just build on this, too. This 25%, 50% and 75% hypothetical scenarios, this is for a 2012 look. So $0.07 to $0.21 was the impact dimensionalized on those 3 scenarios. But make no mistake about it. Whatever happens January 1 and that quarter, we see as being the toughest period because over time, we plan to win back more and more of those plans in the next selling season as they come up. So again, if you think about time frame, this is the initial time frame, but we see that will be the toughest period, and from that point, we're just going to move and build forward.
Andrew P. Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And I just wanted to ask a follow-on, Greg, to your answer about partners announcing things up until the first or whenever they feel like it. But in the -- at the back end, don't they have to make a decision sooner than that so that system conversions and other things can occur?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Andy. I think that varies by client and type of client, size of client, and so forth. But certainly, many of them are going to need to be making decisions soon. And again, we're just working with all to try find solutions that help them through this process and feel good about the response we're getting. One thing I would like to say, Andy, this is really not just about Express Scripts. There's a shifting payer landscape. Going forward, payers in general are looking now more holistically to try to figure out how they lower overall health costs and coordinate care. And I think the shift to the individual marketplace away from employer group business over time plays in our favor. I think the shift that there are more payers emerging, health plans, physician groups, health systems all looking for the value that we could help them with. So I think there are going to be emerging payers that we're partnering with. So we absolutely feel good about our strategies and where we're headed, the shifting landscape that we're working with and where we're headed.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I guess 2 things. One, you had mentioned sort of the deal that you had offered Express. Can you give any color as to the details of what they've offered you, or can you give some indication of how far apart you all really are or were? And then just on the cost savings side of things, to the extent you are out of network, curious about given the high fixed cost nature of the business, is Express volume fairly concentrated in some of your stores, or is it sort of a little bit everywhere? I guess I'm sort of struggling to see how easy it is to get that cost savings if it's sort of spread out.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, Tom, Greg. I'll take the first half. Maybe Wade can follow-up with cost. We do think -- as I said, unfortunately the offer and the proposal we received was below the industry cost to fill a prescription and we don't think values what we truly can bring to payers and patients across the country. So we do believe that there are hundreds of other networks out there that we work well with, that are looking for a lot of the services and solutions that we're bringing to the marketplace. That's who we intend to focus on. But unfortunately, as I said, the proposal they had on the table was below the cost to provide a prescription in the industry.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, on cost, all I would say is this. As you know, while in some cases their prescriptions will be basically more concentrated to one store versus another, we're not making this just a store problem or just a pharmacy problem or just a pharmacist problem. We're looking at this holistically across the entire company, making sure that we do everything possible to deliver the right cost savings so that we move forward successfully to a new future. So it's really more about that. It's more about taking a principled stand and looking holistically across the company to make sure that we continue to move on over the long term towards our goals.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: All right. Generally speaking, are some of these cost saving initiatives that you could have in the works, are they things that you could do even if you don't lose the relationship with Express?
Wade D. Miquelon: Sure. I mean, if there's things that are right to do, we will do it anyway. But we'll continue to look and be as diligent as we have to be.
Gregory D. Wasson: And Tom, I would add that certainly, that's the reason we're kind of looking at this based on retention. And as we learn more about retention, we'll pull the right levers that make sense for our company long term. And our value in community pharmacy has been the great locations, our convenient hours, the fact that we have more 24-hour pharmacies than the rest of the industry combined. So we'll look at all those intelligently based on retention.
Operator: And next we have Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I know you don't want to tell us exactly who, but has anyone signed a separate deal with you guys yet?
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, as we said, we've got to keep the confidentiality of our partners and respect that. So as we said, we're working closely with many, and as they intend to or desire to release that, they will.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm not asking for that. I don't want to know the name or anything, but I'm just asking the specific question if anyone actually signed with you yet.
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said, we're not going to give information to that detail yet. As I said, we're encouraged by the response we're receiving.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question is you guys seem pretty dug in here, so I guess the question comes to mind, is there anything Express can do to change your mind? It seems like you're walking away and maybe they really can't do anything. Or am I misinterpreting your...
Wade D. Miquelon: The principle is very simple, right? I mean, one is we believe that we deserve fair value for what we do, but importantly, we don't see any reason to give any PBM a substantially better deal than all the others without having done something to warrant it. So it's pretty much as simple as that. If Express wants to give us fair compensation versus the market versus what we receive with others versus the value we provide, then we'll move forward. But if not, that's not really -- it's not really a productive place for us to be in our business. So...
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
Wade D. Miquelon: No. So it's as simple as that.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then how do we, as analysts, investors, kind of frame Medco now? I mean, can you maybe talk to that?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we can't -- I mean, we're not going to comment on the proposed merger. All that we'll say is that it doesn't change things, is that if it were to happen, we would expect the fair compensation we get today with them. And if we weren't to get that, then we wouldn't be in that network either.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And when's your -- when's your contract up with Medco?
Wade D. Miquelon: We don't talk about any specific contract, but the reality is that we've had a good relationship with them, and we believe we get fair compensation from all the others and that's why we're working with them. But if that were to change, then it wouldn't work for us either, and we'd have to make the same kind of decision.
Gregory D. Wasson: I'd like to add on to Wade's point. Just to be clear, we wouldn't accept terms similar to what Express Scripts has offered us from any PBM regardless of what happens.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And switching gears just quickly, how many remodels, major remodels, are you expecting to do in FY '12?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we haven't said specifically of major remodels. Obviously, we plan on -- the next few months here, finishing out CCR. We've got lots of different various pilots underway of different stages. We're seeing great results on those. But with respect to our plans to expand that, we haven't commented on that at this time.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Mark Wiltamuth of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just to follow-up a little bit on the Medco question. I mean, clearly, Medco is a debate that investors have to have here. If the merger does go through, aren't they about the same size as Express in terms of impact? And can you continue to deliver COGS and SG&A savings to kind of offset some of that?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, yes. Greg. As I said, we're not going to comment on the merger, but I'll go back to exactly what I said. It takes -- rates that were proposed by Express Scripts, we won't accept those from anyone. Certainly, we'll begin to look at what we can do to reduce costs and COGS just as we are with Express and make the adjustments needed. The main point is, as I said earlier, we are focused on where healthcare is going, what our partners that are out there working with us are looking for us to provide. We're going to drive these key strategies to play a greater role in community pharmacy and greater healthcare going forward. We will see, we believe, a shift to the individual marketplace. Our strong consumer brand and trust with patients in that market, we believe, provides value and wins. We do believe that we'll see government entities and state entities that are looking for additional solutions to provide to their beneficiaries, especially those in underserved communities, where 45% of our stores are located. So we think there's a lot of value to work with health systems and hospital systems like Ochsner and Northwestern and the others I mentioned across the country to help coordinate care. That is where we are headed. So regardless of what happens and what the landscape looks like, we know where we're headed. People are looking for us to provide that type of value, and that's where we're going.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And in your estimates of $0.07 to $0.21 of potential impact, are you assuming any front-end impact or is that just the prescription loss and the offsetting actions you're going to take there?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, the front-end is in those numbers, and the front-end loss is very, very small. So we've got lots of data on that. We've modeled that many, many times. So it's in those numbers, but it's basically around there.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And what percent of employers do you think could actually go direct with you under their current contracts?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, only they know their contracts, obviously, and so, they have to decide what their options are. But it's not just about within their current contracts. People every few years get a choice to consider whether or not they want to stay with that PBM or not. And so at the end of the day, if people can have Walgreens in their network versus not and have it at a competitive price and value proposition over time people choose that, too. So again, we're working with people to explore all their options, but every customer has different contractual obligations, and we honor those. But they have to let us know what it is they want to consider within their framework.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and Wade, just to get back to the generic wave on the industry themes. You indicated you thought the second half of the wave in 2012 could be better than the first half in terms of margin impact, is that fair to say?
Wade D. Miquelon: No question. For our fiscal period. Remember our fiscal is starting effectively September 1, but our back half is much stronger for generics than our front half.
Operator: And John Heinbockel of Guggenheim Securities has the next question.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. Wherever you are on an economic difference with Express, because obviously, you can put a number to that, whatever that is, is there room, short of wiping out the difference to 0 in your favor, is there room for compromise between those 2 numbers or not really? It's sort of all or nothing from your perspective?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, John, again, without going into the details, again, we're looking for fair reimbursement for the value we provide. And as I said, the proposal we offered was well below the industry average cost to fill, and we're not going to work in that type of environment. We've got too many payers and partners that want more from us, and that's where we're headed.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we're very, very far apart. And the truth is we also have to make sure we're fair to all of our other partners. So coming to some spot that's not optimal and not fair to everyone else doesn't really work either.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So as a follow-up to that, have you seen -- I guess you have. Have you seen any change in their negotiating posture as this whole Medco thing is played out and it's before the FTC, because I would have thought maybe that would be an impetus to create a little bit of compromise on their part.
Gregory D. Wasson: We continue to work with our partners and that's where our focus is, in trying to find solutions for them. And again, to the earlier comment, we're not dug in. If there's a suitable arrangement, we're certainly open. But at this point in time, we're miles apart, like Wade said, and we're working and focusing on helping our partners find solutions.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Getting back on the core business then, if you look at SG&A growth and comparable stores, what do you think that is longer term? Because you've done a very good job bringing that number down probably below what I would think it could be longer term. But what do you think it is longer term, 2% to 3%, or do think it's less than that?
Wade D. Miquelon: No, what I'd say is prior to this Express Scripts event, we had given basically 3.5% to 4.5% as our ongoing kind of systemic model. And within that, we plan on opening around 200-ish stores, which drives 1.5% to 2%. So you could then basically make an inference somewhere between 1%, 1.5% and 2% is more of a normalized comp store range.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And is that impacted by -- because you talked about wanting to raise service levels, training, et cetera. Can you do 1% to 2% within the context of raising service levels?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, a lot of it's really just about thinking differently and reengineering. We're putting a lot of systems in our stores. Our POS system is one example we've talked about many times that we're rolling out now. Makes it much easier for a cashier to work, much more effective, it gives us much better data integration. But these kind of investments in infrastructure and in our people will then help free up time to do other things to help our customers. And so we have lots of efforts like that underway. But I think that's the bigger idea.
Operator: Next we'll move to Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Two questions. First of all, can you give us a sense -- and obviously, we don't need the specifics, but the $0.07 to $0.21 of dilution that you framed here, which is helpful, can you compare that to the dilution from accepting the terms that Express is offering?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think I said before that from the offer they proposed us, there was no scenario we could think of, none, that wasn't financially better for us to move on without them. So you can assume that -- your question's answer from that.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Secondly, back to the core business, the front-end margin, you commented, was down in the quarter, and you explained some of that was the comparison. That looked like inventories grew a little bit in the quarter. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of the front-end merchant environment in this quarter and on a go-forward basis? And what gives you confidence and where you think front-end margins are going?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Eric. As we've said and others have, I think we're still seeing a consumer that's a little wary. Consumer confidence as we know is down. The good thing is we feel we're well-positioned with our convenience and all that we've done over the past year to really provide solutions to that new consumer. We feel good that we are managing pricing promotion well. I think [indiscernible] and Bryan Pugh and our merchants are doing a good job there, indicated by the fact that our gross profit dollars are up, traffic's up, basket's up. We are able to pass on, due to our convenience, some of the inflation we're seeing. But I think we feel pretty good with our position to continue to do well in a challenging economy.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, and I think Greg alluded to it, but I think the key point here is, really, the way we look at our business, both in the daily living as well as in the pharmacy area, is really total gross profit dollars, making sure we drive those and versus less looking at just the margin per se.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: So from within that, just to dig in it a little bit is from a pricing and promotional standpoint, considering a more wary consumer, as you framed it, is there a need to be more aggressive with pricing promotion? Is there any need to give up a little bit of margin to drive the dollars? I'm just trying to figure out how that is evolving.
Gregory D. Wasson: Eric, as I've always said, the key to retail is swinging doors and managing the pricing promotion to get that done. We feel good that we're managing that. The opportunity that we do have is to continue to drive share in private brand with the launch of Nice! And where we're headed there, we think that's going to be an opportunity for us. So we're going to swing doors and continue to make sure that we're driving traffic and basket but at the same time, drive the profitable items that can help us offset that.
Wade D. Miquelon: And I think the big idea here, we're making lots of progress, we've got a long way to go, too, is really just being more relevant to consumers. What we've done across our assortment, what we've done across our dcor packages, the new lines we keep in reducing, additional private label, all that is making us much, much more relevant every day. And I think this is the big idea of how we really keep driving bigger basket and more gross profit dollars over time versus just pricing promotion per se.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: And then just within this, the above trend inventory growth, can you give us any color of what contributed to that and if that has any future profitably ramification?
Wade D. Miquelon: You mean the increased trend in inventory?
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Yes.
Wade D. Miquelon: I would say for the most part, it's somewhat of an anomaly. Again, we talked about last year having some low inventory in some of the key categories. But we continue to have many strategies in place to keep driving inventory down. I think there's still room to go. We haven't put a goal around it, but quarter-to-quarter, there could be an impact. Working capital and total, too, was impacted by the WHI transition a fairly large number, and so we'll be out of that now as we move ahead as well.
Operator: Next we'll move to Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple questions on the Express issue. Just in terms of clarifying timing for your guidance, the EPS impact that you gave, is that the 2012 run rate once you get to the level of participation you might anticipate to reach those levels? Or would that be inclusive of a gradual ramp to that level of penetration?
Wade D. Miquelon: No, that's the fiscal impact. So that would be the fiscal year. So obviously, the impact will be heavier on January 1 than it was in December. But as we go over the next selling season and then we start to cycle, we believe we'll also bring more and more accounts on through different PBMs. And so that starts to offset it and really strengthen our position over time financially.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you would anticipate that the annual run rate you'd be at by the end of the year if you had, say, 25% retention would be nicely better than the number that you put in your presentation?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, let's put it this way. Those numbers are 2/3 of an annualized impact. But as I said before, once we get to the next selling season and cycle into next December and January, we believe it'll pick up a lot of that business with other parties who value Walgreens and want us in their network.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I would imagine -- a follow-up to that. One consideration that was not in the mix when you first announced this at the time of your last conference call 3 months ago was Medco. And obviously, there's a transaction that we might see go through in the relatively near term. How is that thinking into your strategic consideration given that presumably the 2 companies, once they merged, would be doing business on the same terms?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, whether that happens or not is not for us to say. We have no official opinion on it. But what I will say is that our principle and our stand doesn't change at all. We need to be provided and compensated fairly by the people we work with, right? To the extent that, that were to happen and we would keep getting compensated fairly as we do today, I suppose we would work with those people. But if there was some shift or change in line with what Express Scripts has proposed, then we wouldn't. It's really as simple as that.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, just to clarify on your answer to Eric's question, you basically said that the numbers you lay out of doing business without Express would be better for you financially than had you agreed to their terms. I guess the question, is that better in 2012 or better in the long run or both?
Wade D. Miquelon: Better forever.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And would that be inclusive of 2012 on a standalone basis?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. And more so over time because of our ability to win business back with other parties over time as those contracts renew.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from John Ransom of Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a clarification. Does the retention include or exclude Medicare Part D-wise?
Gregory D. Wasson: It would include.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and the second question is the PBM consultant feedback says that a lot of clients are saying that even contract provisions would prohibit them from contracting with you separately. There hasn't been any external evidence that you're getting any traction going direct. What makes -- what can you say to change that perception because we're just not finding any confirmation that your efforts are gaining traction to go around Express?
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said earlier, we're working with several partners, and we are having several positive discussions. We feel pretty good with those that we're having. We're not going to release any information on that because of the confidentiality of our folks and the people we're working with. I will say at the same time, as Wade mentioned earlier, this is not just going to be a single-year event. In addition to those that we're working with that we believe we'll be able to work direct with and be able to continue to move forward with, there are folks who have the opportunity either this year or over the next couple years to change PBMs. And as we've said, January 1 would be potentially the toughest time for us, but as we -- but we do think that there are folks who want Walgreens in their network and we'll have many alternatives and choices and ways to do that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we know of many, many PBM shifts. But again, for any one of those, it's going to be up to them when they want to announce it. So at the end of the day, this isn't going to be a battle that's won in the newspapers or a battle that's won on conference calls. It's going to be about what customers want and their options and their choice. And over time, we're pretty confident that we'll get back in much of this business with people who value us and see the value proposition we provide.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And is this contract lower than what you're getting paid on your average Medicaid fee per script?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we don't talk about plan by plan by plan, but just again, the fact that we said that it's below the industry cost to fill, if everybody took this with every plan, there'd probably be no industry. So again, it's just not acceptable versus what others provide and the value provided. So it doesn't work for us.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Again, if I can just wrap up, this is unfortunate example of a PBM that has forced a network provider to a point where it no longer makes sense for us to participate in that network. And with that, we know where we're headed. We've got plenty of opportunities to work with providers that want all the services we provide, and that's where we're headed.
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, the company will report September sales on October 5, and we will report first quarter 2012 earnings on December 21. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-06-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kermit Crawford - President of Pharmacy Services Wade Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Gregory Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG Mark Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C. David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jonathan Baucom - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Robert Willoughby Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to this Walgreen Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Mr. Rick Hans. Please go ahead.
Rick Hans: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss the quarter and the additional announcement this morning regarding Express Scripts. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy, Health & Wellness Services and Solutions; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also, I'm available throughout the day by phone to answer additional questions. You can find a link to our webcast under Investor Relations website. After the call, the presentation and the podcast will be available in archives on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Wasson: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on our call. I'll give you an abbreviated review of our strong third quarter financial results and then Wade will take you through the details of our performance. And finally, we'll spend more time on our announcement this morning regarding the PBM Express Scripts.  Starting with our results today, we had a very solid quarter, which demonstrates that our strategies are generating strong financial results. We reported record third quarter sales of $18.4 billion, up 6.8% from $17.2 billion a year ago. Net earnings for the quarter were up 30.3% to a record $603 million compared to $463 million a year ago. Third quarter earnings per diluted share were $0.65, an increase of 38.3% versus last year's $0.47 per diluted share, marking our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth. Strong cash flow trends continued in the quarter with cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion and free cash flow of $1 billion. In the quarter, we grew our gross profit by 8.5% and our SG&A by 7.2%. Our performance this quarter was a result of our ability to grow gross profit dollars faster than SG&A dollars, allowing us to deliver on our goal of double-digit earnings per share growth. This quarter, gross profit dollar growth was $122 million above SG&A dollar growth, yielding an EBIT growth of 14.8%. Driving our gross profit dollar growth, we saw solid performance across a number of categories including retail pharmacy, over-the-counter medications, beauty and personal care. While we continue to grow our business and invest in the future, our strategies are implemented against a backdrop of economic and regulatory uncertainties.  Persistent high unemployment, a weak housing market, high fuel prices and inflation all put pressure on consumers. In response, we believe our customers are managing their overall spending by buying more ad and private brand items, as well as continue to see mix shift to consumables and nondiscretionary items. Regarding inflation, we constantly monitor the competition and believe we are achieving the right balance between margin and traffic in our front-end comp. In addition, we continue to experience both commercial and governmental reimbursement pressure. On the government side of the issue, it's too early to speculate on the eventual timing and impact of AMP.  And on the regulatory front, we are pleased that the Senate took action on debit card reform. While the substance of the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill is clear, both the timing and financial implications are still unknown, and it's premature to speculate on any impact to our business. As we respond to a changing business climate, we also focus on solid execution to generate results. Throughout this quarter, we continued with our Customer Centric Retailing conversions, and in early June, reached a milestone of 4,000 CCR stores. We're on track to achieve our goal of 5,500 stores transitioned to CCR by the end of October this calendar year.  Overall, we're very pleased with the pace and success of our CCR conversions. With Walgreen employees responsible for much of the work, we're completing stores 30% faster this year than last, with costs running at about $45,000 per store. Customer satisfaction is up in converted stores and we believe that the success of CCR is being reflected in our solid front-end comp store sales numbers.  In addition to our focus on our core business, we also recently made significant strategic advancements as we continue to align our assets with our strategies. In the quarter, we announced the sale of our PBM and the acquisition of drugstore.com. On June 3, we closed on our transaction with drugstore, and we're pleased to welcome our new team members to the Walgreens family. With the acquisition, we strengthen our position as the most convenient, multichannel provider of health and daily living, giving our customers more ways to connect and buy our wide range of products and services. I also want to acknowledge and thank the employees of WHI. We closed that transaction with Catalyst Health Systems on June 13, and I want to wish the team all the best in their new positions with Catalyst.  The sale sharpened our focus on our strategy to leverage the best community store network in America. In addition, the strategic relationship gives us the opportunity to expand all pharmacy products and services, including retail pharmacy, both 30- and 90-day supplies, mail service and specialty and infusion pharmacy, while Catalyst grows its PBM. Also, during the quarter, we developed collaborations with a number of hospitals and health systems designed to improve patient care, provide greater access to important pharmacy and healthcare services and lower costs. These collaborative relationships demonstrate how Walgreen pharmacists, nurse practitioners and other professionals are integrating our services and solutions into the healthcare systems within our communities for our patients' and customers' benefit.  In May, we announced a wide-ranging agreement with Johns Hopkins Medicine. The agreement promotes collaboration on population-based research. We'll also jointly review and develop protocols to improve outcomes for patients with chronic diseases. Continuing our focus on patient outcomes and chronic care, we launched a program with Northwestern Memorial Physicians Group of Chicago. Through the program, Walgreens and Northwestern Memorial employees will receive specialized care for chronic conditions. We will share important clinical information on the patient's care in progress with their primary care physicians to help enhance decision-making.  And finally, Take Care Health Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Walgreens, has developed relationships with Ochsner Health Systems in New Orleans and Memorial Health in Jacksonville, Florida. With these agreements in place, physicians will share information with their patients on Take Care Clinics and on other healthcare options when their practices are closed or they are unable to schedule an appointment within a patient's desired timeframe. With that, I'll turn the call over to Wade for more detail on our results.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg, and good morning to everyone. Let me begin by saying we are pleased with our strong performance on our key financial metrics in what continues to be a challenging economic environment. As Greg mentioned, our net sales increased 6.8% to $18.4 billion. And our net earnings increased by 30.3% to $603 million, resulting in earnings per diluted share of $0.65, a 38.3% increase. Our comparable sales trends have improved from a year ago with prescription sales up 4.1%, front-end sales up 3.9% and total sales up 4.1%. And our prescriptions filled were up 4.6% for the quarter. Looking at our comp trends more closely, our quarterly script trends, shown in the green bars, increased by 4.6% in the quarter, up from last year's 2.5%, continuing to outpace the industry growth rate of 1.1% excluding Walgreens.  On a 2-year stack basis, represented by the blue line, comparable prescription increases remain in the 6% to 8% range, with a spike in the first quarter of 2010 caused by the unusual timing and severity of the 2010 flu season. Retail prescription market share for the quarter was 20.1% compared to a 19.7% a year ago.  Our quarterly front-end sales comps increased to 3.9%, up from 0.1% a year ago. And we believe the CCR initiative, including expansion of and focus on core product categories and the rollout of beer and wine, continue to gain traction and drive our comps. The CCR initiative also helped drive the holiday sales comp this past Easter. And finally, the 2-year stack, shown by the blue line, continued to trend up after bottoming out in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. Compared to the industry, our sales continued to perform well. When viewing a true to apples-to-apples time period that compares our front-end comps to our top 3 competitors based on their most recent reporting, we outperformed all by a wide margin as shown on this chart. We also continued to outperform on a 2-year stack basis as well. Turning to margin, our gross margin as a percent of sales was 28.1% in the quarter compared to 27.6% last year. Overall margins in the quarter were positively impacted by higher retail pharmacy margins as the effect of generic drug sales more than offset market-driven reimbursements, and front-end margins were driven by OTC drugs, beauty and personal care and several private-label categories. And that was partially offset by a higher provision for LIFO. Taking a look at our longer-term gross margin trends, our front-end margins, while flat in the second quarter of 2011, increased in the other 5 quarters as shown. Pharmacy gross margin in the quarter improved with the impact of generics. As we discussed in recent quarters, additional progress obviously becomes increasingly difficult to achieve on these strong numbers. And please keep in mind that we will continue to believe that gross profit dollar growth and increases in traffic and basket are the most relevant measures of our progress. Two-year stack SG&A trends continue to improve with 15.8% growth in the third quarter of 2011, down from 17.1% last year and 18.7% in 2009. After adjusting for restructuring-related costs and cost associated with the Duane Reade acquisition, our 2-year stack SG&A trends also showed steady improvement to 12.4%, down from 13.4% last year and 17.6% in 2009. Finally, walking through the progression of our reported SG&A dollar growth rate of 7.2% to our adjusted core SG&A rate of 6.4%, you can see the impact versus a year ago. Lower Duane Reade integration expenses offset SG&A dollar growth by 60 basis points. Higher Duane Reade operating expenses added about 150 basis points and lower net cost associated with our Rewiring for Growth initiative offset our SG&A growth by 10 basis points, all versus a year ago. Taking you through our income statement, this quarter included a LIFO provision of $50 million versus $18 million a year ago. Our estimated annual inflation rate for the current year remained at 2.25% versus 1.25% a year ago. Restructuring costs were $11 million, down from $17 million last year. Net interest expense was $18 million, down from $24 million a year ago, primarily as a result of reduced interest rates associated with our interest rate swaps.  Our effective tax rate was 35.4% versus 42.5% last year and recall that last year's effective tax rate included a $43 million charge in deferred taxes related to the Medicare Part D subsidy for retiree medical benefits. This year's third quarter benefited from a favorable state tax settlement. For the fourth quarter and the year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be about 37%. Average diluted shares outstanding were 922 million versus 982 million a year ago, due primarily to our share repurchase program. Cash and cash equivalents were $2.7 billion at May 31, up 14.7%. Overall working capital decreased by 2.3% versus a year ago while working capital as a percent of sales decreased by 8.5%. Total FIFO inventory increased by 7.7% in the quarter and by 5% on a per-store basis. For the 9 months ended May 31, 2011, we generated $3.3 billion in cash from operations compared to $2.8 billion a year ago, primarily as a result of higher net earnings. Capital expenditures were $699 million, down from $786 million last year.  As one of our core capital allocation priorities, we continue to return surplus cash to shareholders, and in the third quarter, we returned $535 million, including $160 million in dividends and $375 million through share repurchases. As of May 31, 2011, we repurchased $825 million against our $1 billion authorization. And as you can see year-to-date, we have returned a total of nearly $1.7 billion to shareholders. Now this slide shows our gross profit dollar growth trends for the past 7 quarters, with the blue line representing 2010 and the green line representing the first 3 quarters of 2011. The red line above shows the 2-year stack trend. Last year's fourth quarter benefited from the initial inclusion of Duane Reade, a higher level of organic store openings and the rollout of beer and wine to about 3,500 stores, all of which we'll be cycling in the upcoming quarter.  As you can see the fourth quarter, will have the most difficult gross profit dollar comparisons of the year. And we'll continue to see some volatility resulting from the timing of generic introductions. As an example, we received greater gross profit dollar help from new generics in the third quarter versus a year ago. In the fourth quarter, we expect the help from generics to be significantly less than it was last year. We have a similar construct for SG&A dollar growth for the last 7 quarters, with the blue line representing 2010 and the green line representing the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2011 and the red line showing the 2-year stack trend. As you can see, we're cycling a high rate of SG&A dollar growth this year due to Duane Reade acquisition, so the compare there will be easier than the prior quarters in the year.  As Greg said, we closed both the WHI and drugstore.com transactions in June. We expect the sale of WHI to be accretive to earnings by about $0.30 in fiscal 2011, largely due to the onetime gain on the sale, and neutral in 2012, not including the reinvestment of the proceeds. As we indicated at the announcement, we anticipate the drugstore.com transaction will be dilutive to earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2011 by about $0.03 to the transaction related and onetime cost.  Based on Walgreens' intention to reinvest in the business, the company further anticipates the transaction to be dilutive to earnings per share by about $0.03 to $0.04 in fiscal 2012 and about $0.01 to $0.02 in 2013.  Well, in closing, we are pleased with our quarterly results, which represented record third quarter sales, net income, earnings per diluted share and free cash flow, all notwithstanding an unforgiving economic environment. It is a validation that our strategies are translating into solid financial performance. And I want to acknowledge every one of our 244,000 employees who work hard every single day to help drive these results. And now I'll turn the call back to Greg for details regarding the developments with Express Scripts.
Gregory Wasson: Thanks, Wade. First, let me start by saying while not easy, this was a very clear decision for us. And one that we believe is in the best interest of our shareholders, our patients, our customers and our company.  Based on the terms and rates that Express Scripts has insisted on and after months of unsuccessful negotiations, we have reluctantly concluded it does not make sense for our business and the strategic direction of our company to continue our relationship with them. As a result, we're planning not to be a part of Express Scripts pharmacy provider network as of January 1, 2012.  This means that in January, Express Scripts provider network will no longer include our 7,700 Walgreen stores and Duane Reade pharmacies. Despite today's announcement, we remain committed to serving all of our patients' pharmacy and healthcare needs in the Express Scripts plan through end of this calendar year. To give you more context on our decision, as the largest provider in the Express Scripts network, we no longer felt like a valued partner for several reasons.  They were insistent on unacceptable reimbursement for the value we provide. In fact, their proposed reimbursement rates were below the published industry average cost to provide each prescription. Express Scripts attempted to define unilaterally what does and does not constitute a brand and generic drug despite existing industry standards, which when combined with the unacceptable rates further compounds the problem. And third, they wanted the ability to move Walgreens into lower reimbursement networks and benefit designs without our approval and without fair compensation, reducing the predictability we need to forecast our business adequately. As I said as I began my comments, I want to emphasize this was not a decision we made lightly. We considered all our alternatives. But based on Express Scripts' position, it was very clear, principled decision for us. We believe the long-term ramifications of accepting Express Scripts' position with below market rates and minimal predictability would have been much worse than any short-term impact to our earnings. Given that, accepting Express Scripts' position would not have been in the long-term interest of our company, our customers, our pharmacists and our shareholders.  Furthermore, in a world where cost effectiveness and access to healthcare is so important, any time an intermediary continues to disproportionally grow its profit per prescription at the expense of the provider delivering the service, the relationship's out of balance. The fact is we fill one out of 5 retail prescriptions in America, patients and payers value the trust and relationship they have with their pharmacist. They value the high quality, cost effectiveness and convenience we provide, which is why we work with hundreds of PBM and health plan networks across the country.  To give you some of the history, we've been in negotiations with Express Scripts for many months. Our team worked hard in a concerted effort to come to an agreement on a contract renewal that makes sense for both parties. We came in to our discussions with Express Scripts with what we thought was a market-based reasonable approach to terms and rates. We proposed to lower rates on the behalf of the Department of Defense TRICARE program, the pharmacy benefit plan managed by Express Scripts that serves active and retired military personnel. We also offered to contract separately with Express Scripts for TRICARE beneficiaries in order to continue providing services for all active and retired military personnel. Under our proposal, the reimbursement costs of the DOD [Department of Defense] would have been lower than under Walgreens' new proposed commercial rates. For all other plans managed by Express Scripts, we offered to hold rates for a new contract at the level that will be in effect with Express Scripts at year end, which will be lower than current rates.  As for the impact on our business from this decision, we estimate that Express Scripts will reimburse Walgreens approximately $5.3 billion in fiscal 2011. This figure represents about 7% of our total company sales. Those sales divide into 4 distinct categories. Managed care represents 45% of the business, 18% goes to the Department of Defense, 26% to employers and 11% is Medicare Part D. Express Scripts processes approximately 90 million prescriptions that are expected to be filled by Walgreens in fiscal 2011. To mitigate that impact, we intend to work closely with our PBM and health plan partners. We've heard loud and clear over the past year from employers and payers that they value the choice, cost effectiveness, convenience and service of Walgreens. As a result, over time, we are optimistic employers and others are going to want Walgreens in their network.  Second, during the open enrollment period, we will reach out to the Medicare beneficiaries to make sure they know how to have access to Walgreens pharmacies they have known and trusted for years. We will assist them in finding Medicare Part D plans with access to Walgreens. And finally, we will work directly with employers and payers, who have the ability to work directly with Walgreens. For all of these reasons, we are optimistic about our ability over time to regain these customers and grow our business. For now, however, we're not going to speculate publicly about the amount of business we can retain in fiscal year 2012 or the potential impact on our financial metrics and stated goals. In the long run, we believe employers will want plans with Walgreens in the network.  With that said, Walgreens is moving forward with our strategies, and I'm confident in our future. Never in my years with this company have I seen so much interest from key stakeholders within the industry for the services Walgreens can deliver. We're prepared to live without Express Scripts in our world and work together with companies that understand the course we, in the healthcare industry, are taking. As we've demonstrated in this and recent quarters, we're focused on helping our patients live well and on our strategy to transform community pharmacy to improve the overall cost and quality of care. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Greg. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: Can you give us a little more detail on how you'll go about with the mitigating strategies and how fast you can act on those conversions?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, this is Greg. Yes, as we said, I think, first, I'll start with the Medicare Part D beneficiaries. The pharmacist has a very trusted relationship, a close relationship with all seniors and all Medicare Part D beneficiaries. We intend, as I said, to work with them to make sure we help them find access to plans that have Walgreens in their network during open enrollment. Two, we do believe that in most cases, PBM contracts, health plan contracts typically are 3-year contracts, and typically most of those turn over about once -- 1/3 of them every year. So we intend to work with the hundreds of PBMs and health plans that we do business with, that we think value Walgreens in their network. We heard that loud and clear over the past year that they want Walgreens in their network. And third, we think that there's a fair number of employers and health plans who have the ability to work directly with us and we intend to work with them as well.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: Contrast this with what happened with CVS last year. It seems like the CVS dispute was more over macking [ph] and maybe talk about this one versus that dispute.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, I think certainly this is about Express Scripts and the proposal we received from them. Frankly, as we said in the call, I think first and foremost, we weighed this and obviously didn't make the decision lightly. And we considered all the alternatives as I said. But really what we can agree with is someone having the ability to unilaterally decide what constitutes a generic drug or brand drug. We can't agree to someone putting us into a lower cost network or a network with a different benefit design, as I said, without our approval or without us getting compensated for the buying shift that, that creates. And third, we just can't accept rates that are less than industry average and does not value what we bring to the marketplace.
Wade Miquelon: I put it simply, I mean, while we're not here to talk about CVS Caremark, I guess, what I would say is that we are taking a principled stand that we deserve to be treated and compensated fairly for what we do. Nothing more, nothing less.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Miller of William Blair.
Mark Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: It seems like a lot of the grievances you're citing here have existed for some time. And so it could be viewed as, I guess, constant. What specifically here has changed? And then I guess, what are the aspects of prior settlements that you want to see in parallel? I think predictability is one thing. But I guess, why is this happening now and why not prior years?
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think that, Mark, Greg, a good question. First of all, the proposed rates are well below the market rates that we have. And therefore -- and in fact, less than the industry average to fill us and provide us scripts as I said. Secondly, there are industry standards out there that define generic drugs today that the industry uses. And for someone to unilaterally decide to redefine a generic drug does not make sense to us and we can't accept.
Wade Miquelon: And I would say, Mark, I mean, obviously, negotiating with PBMs, managed care, whatever is a way of life, right. It's just part of the game, everybody wants to make sure that they do what's right for their company. So it happens all the time, it's just very seldom does it goes public. And honestly, we are so far apart from what we believe is principled and fair that it's not something that's going to be -- it's not going to be resolved honestly.
Gregory Wasson: And Mark, I would say, we were surprised by the proposal that we received from Express Scripts a couple of months ago. Surprised that the terms and conditions we received, the fact that they were looking for reimbursement rates far below the market rates that we have. And as Wade said, we work successfully with hundreds of networks across the country all the time.
Mark Miller - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Can you just explain this last sentence in the third bullet, "for other plans managed by Express Scripts, Walgreens offered to hold rates at a new contract at a level that will be in effect at year-end, which will be lower than current rates?" I don't understand what that means.
Wade Miquelon: It means, we basically, as of December 31, offered to Evergreen that agreement, basically, right. But which we already feel quite frankly is not an acceptable agreement but that was -- in event, that's already below-market but that was what we felt was a very amicable proposal at the time.
Operator: Going next to Andrew Wolf of BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: Follow-up on some of the mitigations strategies. Could you just talk on the cost structure side, to what extent you could bring down pharmacy hours so that as work kind of get to -- capital contributions?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Andy. Greg. Certainly, we've talked this through clearly. And we're prepared, and we have a plan. And certainly, we've looked at the areas where we're ready to adjust SG&A where we can, where we should. All of the above, as you just said, operating hours and others are in our plan. But we feel confident that we can adjust as needed and are prepared to do so.
Wade Miquelon: And this is a very important point. Even the worst-case scenario, if us moving forward, living in our world without Express Scripts in it is certainly better than what they were proposing. And we certainly have many things, levers we can pull, cost offsets, et cetera, that I guarantee you that our path forward for shareholders and for employers is better than the alternative, even in the worst-case scenario.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, and I know you probably -- someone asked about you're pairing this to CVS, but it seems so similar. It is similar, but it sounds like in a way this was a little more shocking and more of a discontinuous kind of, "Hey, here's our new offer. " And it's as if wherein CVS, it seems like Caremark -- it seems like maybe the issues have been kind of culminating, maybe came to a head. Is that -- am I reading that right? Is this sort of like more of an out-of-the-blue really discontinuous change in the business relationship and therefore, the profitability in the new business?
Gregory Wasson: Mark, Greg, yes. As I've said, we were surprised by the initial proposal we received. We've been working for several months to try to come to a successful agreement with what we thought were fair and reasonable terms and conditions for the value we provide. We haven't been successful, and therefore, we felt that it was necessary to inform our shareholders on this earnings call that where we are and that we're prepared to go on. As Wade said and as I said earlier, that although we are in the business to fill prescriptions, we didn't take this lightly, as I'm sure you wouldn't -- would expect. When we look at the long-term ramifications to our business, it's far worse than the short-term impact would have been, having accepted below-market rates.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Gallucci of Lazard Capital Markets.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Clarify a few things, if I could. One, I think it was Wade before, did you sort of say that this is not going to be resolved? I just want to be clear are you guys still open to negotiations? Or...
Wade Miquelon: Well, I would say this -- I would say that we're not going to back off our principles and our stand that we deserve fair compensation, market-based compensation for what we do. If that day comes so be it. But if not, we're prepared to move forward.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So in theory, there could be a deal, it's just a matter of it's got to be closer to your terms.
Wade Miquelon: Of course.
Gregory Wasson: Tom, this is Greg. Let me add to that. Certainly, as I've said, we're in a business to fill prescriptions. And certainly, if we can reach an agreement some point in time, where our issues that we lay down are accepted, certainly. But I also want to be clear that we are prepared, as I said, to continue to live in a world without Express Scripts. We're prepared. We've got a plan in place to do that.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then this generic versus brand definition, is there -- were they proposing a change versus what you've seen in the past? Or is there some new sensitivity on your part as to why this is an issue?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, the proposals, I said, is redefining what we understand the industry has used for years to define a generic drug. And I feel to unilaterally defined what constitutes a generic and brand-name drug is not acceptable.
Wade Miquelon: I mean, honestly any agreement where one party can define and change levers and things that they want any time they want basically means that they can do any thing they want.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: That's different than the contract you've had in the past, that nuance? Is that nuance different than the contract you've had...
Gregory Wasson: We're just talking today, Tom, about the proposal going forward.
Wade Miquelon: [indiscernible] our current terms in contracts.
Thomas Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And the last thing, the $5.3 billion that you called out, to what extent would you estimate that there are front-end sales related to that foot traffic?
Wade Miquelon: Obviously, front-end sales are in a big correlation to prescriptions. As we've said many times, we're not going to speculate on any of the numbers per se, today.
Operator: The next question comes from UBS, Steven Valiquette.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: You guys mentioned that you were surprised by the terms offered by Express. I'm just curious just from your end. I mean, what you think is driving the more difficult terms that are being demanded by Express and maybe some of the other PBMs? And also, I mean, you went through with CVS last year, Express this year, is there any color on when your Medco contract might be up for renewal or has it been renewed recently? Those are my 2 questions.
Gregory Wasson: Well, I mean, we can't speculate on what's driving. And I would say obviously, if organic volume for them is roughly flat and their gross profit per dollars and EBITDA per script keeps going up, that probably suggests something. But with respect to Medco or others, we're not here to talk about any other party. We have good relationships with hundreds of other plans, and we're going to continue on that. And this is really about Express Scripts.
Operator: And we'll go next to Meredith Adler of Barclays Capital.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: I have just a related question. What do you think the chances that Express Scripts does what Caremark did in terms of saying, "No, January 1, you really -- we're going to kick you out in the next 3 weeks"? Is that something they have the ability to do?
Gregory Wasson: Meredith, I'm not going to speculate on what Express Scripts might do. As I said, we've made this decision, and we thought it through, consider all options. And we are prepared to move forward in a world without Express Scripts. So I can't speculate on what they may do, but we're prepared to move forward.
Wade Miquelon: Our high road objective of January 1 is just to make sure that there's time for payers and patients to transition, if necessary, so that we don't disrupt them because at the end of the day, we should both take the high road around that.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And then another question about -- they've been public about their view on limited network. Obviously, Walgreen in -- not in the network is a big deal. That isn't a simple limited network to put together. But in your conversations with them, when they were talking, was there posturing about own [ph] limited networks to the direction we think the industry should go in?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Meredith. We've read that, and we've heard comments in the industry about restricted networks. First of all, as I said, we've heard loud and clear the past year that employers and health plans absolutely want Walgreens in their network. Frankly, the cost savings from restricting a pharmacy network is really is not substantial enough to reduce access, for most is what we're hearing loud and clear. And finally, health plans and health systems today are really looking beyond pharmacy. They're looking for community pharmacy to help them reduce their overall medical costs while improving access and the quality of care. And I'll tell you, frankly, I believe the days of isolating and focusing on drug spend separate from medical costs are coming to a close. So I think that folks today are looking for help from community pharmacy to attack their entire medical costs, improve access versus just focusing on their pharmacy spend.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Well, I hope Express Scripts is listening to what you're saying.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Guggenheim Securities, John Heinbockel.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: From a long-term perspective, one that just concerns me is that when the generic wave kind of runs its course, that the level of confrontation between you guys and the PBMs would ratchet up. It looks like it's happening to some degree. How do you think about that long-term? If down the road there's less profit coming from generic, will the level of confrontation increase? How do you guys deal with that longer term?
Gregory Wasson: Well, John, first of all, as we've said before, I think anyone in healthcare we're always going to be facing reimbursement pressure of some type. I will circle back to the answer and the comment I just made to Meredith earlier. I think the value of community pharmacy going forward, working with forward-looking health plans and health systems that are looking to control their total medical costs, improve access is where we're headed. One of our major initiatives and strategies, as you know, is to transform the role of community pharmacy place in healthcare by expanding our scope of services via pharmacists, nurse practitioners and so forth. And that's when I say I've never had in my time with this company so much interest in what community pharmacy and what we can offer to health plans and health systems across the country.
Wade Miquelon: I guess, I would say and I said many times publicly, it's probably broader, this discussion is. We believe, that in a world of all generics and beyond the wave that we have many, many, many ways that we can drive value for our company and value for the people and the patients and the payers that we serve. So I think that there will always be some tension, but I think we're confident that there's enough things that we can do and over time that we have a very strong model.
John Heinbockel - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And second topic, just on SG&A dollars. Maybe describe where you think we are with that. It looks like you're going to come in toward the high end of your range for the year. Do you think we're still on target for 3.5% to 4.5% growth next year? And what's the operating cost environment look like right now in terms of pressure on labor utilities, et cetera?
Wade Miquelon: Just a couple of things, number one is we are on track for our target next year of 3.5% to 4.5%. So very confident about that. But the fourth quarter, as you know last year was basically, I'd say, it's an easy comp. To make sure that you kind of on all the numbers, you are running the 2-year specs to really get the 2-year trend. I'd say with respect to cost, I mean, there's some inflationary pressure. But there's also, there's also, I'd say, in other areas, deflationary pressure because of the high unemployment and the economy. So we believe we can definitely manage to our targets.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: As you look out to the generic payback and 2012 and Lipitor and what have you, can you give us any perspective of how you think the reimbursement rate environment is going to evolve in that regard, specifically how reimbursement rates would have then allow you to earn on the incremental generics in 2012?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Greg here. I think that as you said, as we see the generic wave coming, I think, certainly generics are good for all. I think when -- I think, certainly, we're going to continue to see pressures, as I said, from being in the healthcare industry. But at the same time, when you think about a world where virtually every therapeutic category of drug has a generic, payers are going to see a dramatic reduction in costs just from that same wave. So will they be continue to be focused on cost? Yes. But are they going to see and experience big relief coming forward because every category will, in essence, have a generic? Yes, absolutely.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: I guess within that as we start to get closer and see the reimbursement rate picture become more clear for 2012 with all these generics, how much of that are the payers sort of requiring goes into their pocket versus how much is able to be left to the benefit of the supply chain? I guess, that's what I'm specifically trying to understand.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, fair question. I think as I said, payers who are holistically and I believe, trending to holistically looking at how to reduce their total costs are going to look at this in a more balanced and fair way. And frankly, that's what we're seeing. They're realizing that keeping folks adherent and compliant on drugs is much more beneficial than squeezing another few percent on the cost on the drug side itself.
Operator: Moving on to Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Greg, I know that this would be about time when [ph] CVS was pretty short-lived. But I know at that point, you also talked about going out directly to managed care company as well as employers. Can you maybe just talk about any success you had and the early stages of funding agreements directly with any of those employers, #1? And then #2, yesterday, the state Senate here in New York passed an anti-mandatory mail potential law, which would now allow retailers that are willing to take mail order economics -- they would be allowed to fill that mail order prescriptions in their pharmacies. Can you maybe just give us your thoughts from a Walgreens perspective on that?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I'll take the first. On going to direct employers, certainly, we have had success there. And we lead with the employers. We lead with our employer solutions product. We also have direct relationships with health plans and employers across the country, and we continue to see more of that. On the state of New York, we applaud that. We absolutely think that payers and employers benefit from having a 90-day retail benefit added to an existing mail benefit. And I think that through proper benefit design and structures, that does make sense for retail to participate.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can maybe Wade comment on the economics of that? So if you look today the average mail order contract is AWP minus 23 or 24. If you have to take the exact same economics, such as the way that the bill is written, is that a profitable script to you on a 90-day basis?
Wade Miquelon: Look, I would say that there is no one contract. There is no one rate for mail. And when you factor it all together, it can be all over the map. But the truth is there's a lot of mail most of it is kind of shadow priced-off retail. Being able to do -- we can do a 90-day very cost effectively versus mail providing a discount for the payer, but also providing good economics for us given the benefit of being able to fill it once. So we'll have to look at that. I don't want to give an absolute but I think absolutely, we can be competitive, and we'll just have to see what the actual details are.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Baucom of Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Baucom - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's John Baucom for Matt Fassler, from Goldman. I know you guys touched on this a little bit, but would you mind just kind of going through the drivers of the underlying or adjusted 6.4% expense growth?
Wade Miquelon: Well, we can talk a little bit. One thing I do want to clarify, too, is -- I think, it's John's question earlier -- the 3.5% to 4.5% target is kind of our, call it, our cost base. Obviously, we said today with the Express Scripts, we don't know exactly where this will end, what our sales will be. So we're not going to clarify goals, but we're on track for that. I mean, the key drivers is obviously the same key drivers we've had before. We have a little bit less, to a degree [ph], because of partial quarter in there. We have our new store openings. We have some one-time costs associated with some of the deals that we've announced. But effectively, there's nothing out of the ordinary versus the normal trend.
Jonathan Baucom - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. So there was no impact from the .com acquisition this quarter? And I know there's a 3% -- $0.03 impact next quarter, would you just remind us how the different line items flow through the P&L on that impact?
Wade Miquelon: With respect to the deals?
Jonathan Baucom - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The .com, the drugstore.com acquisition.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I mean it's going to come across a couple of different lines, both in terms of what their actual earnings accretion is et cetera, plus we have some one-time and some expense costs that we're doing to beef up the proposition plus we have some [ph] related cost. So it cuts across all the various lines. It really just flows through it. But you have closing cost transaction fees, and like I said, you have the base P&L of the business.
Jonathan Baucom - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then on the gross margin side, you talked about the big drivers there. Could you kind of quantify maybe the impact of input cost this quarter?
Wade Miquelon: Well, we've seen obviously some inflation coming through, though not huge amounts but some inflation. We feel we've been very effective at pricing with it and in front of it. That's our plan to keep pricing. So again, input costs are coming through a little bit. I think that while we do see higher fuel, et cetera, on our transportation we also get some benefit offset because we're very convenient, and so we get it through sales. I think you see it through our traffic as well. But really I think, thus far inflation is coming some but it's been manageable. And for the most part we plan on offsetting it through pricing. We'll stay competitive on that since we have to. But we'll also be smart how we play our whole portfolio and drive things like private label even harder.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Deborah Weinswig with Citi.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: One topic we haven't really touched on is what you're seeing with regards with clinics. Can you just talk about what you're seeing with regards to profitability and also just traffic?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Deborah. We're feeling good with the retail clinics. As you know and I think I talked last couple of calls, we've got over 300 out there. We've got scale. We now have really been able to look at the model and make some adjustments to the model, which are positive. So I think that such as expanding our scope of services beyond acute care into more screenings, chronic care management and primary care like we've -- we're seeing a different approaches. We're finding different approaches to market and build customer awareness. At the same time, we are hearing more and more, as I said, from health plans and hospital systems as we announced. Health systems are looking to leverage our retail clinics for access and affordable care. So we feel good there. Our employer business, our employer worksite health has the same thing there. We're seeing increased awareness and demand. We just signed the relationship with Ochsner Health, as we talked about. So we are feeling pretty good there, as well as our pharmacy on campus hospital system model. We're seeing a lot of interest from health systems who are looking for us to help them with their discharge process to prevent readmission.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: My thoughts have always been that as you continue to build out your relationships with the employers, that it might actually enable you to go directly to them and dis-intermediate, if you will, the PBMs. You're obviously in an interesting situation right now with Express Scripts, and Wal-Mart has been successful on going directly to employers. Can you maybe talk about how the relationships that you're building with employers because it looks that healthcare clinics might allow you to do this?
Gregory Wasson: Yes. And first and foremost, let me say that we work with all stakeholders in the industry. So we have valued relationships with PBMs that help take our product and services to the marketplace, health plans that take our products or services, health systems, et cetera. But at the same time, you're right. We do have what we believe is a unique and value-added solution for employers to build or provide worksite health on their campuses. With that, we are indeed able to build -- create or build relationships because we create real value, and we believe are influential in a positive way as to how they design their benefits for the best of their employees.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Willoughby of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Greg and Wade, I guess your principles in holding the hard line with Express Scripts should be much more comforting if some of the other major retailers also banded together to reject some of these new terms. I mean I would assume Express is playing hardball with everybody. So how is this anything but Express leveraging what they perceive is overcapacity in the industry?
Gregory Wasson: Well, Bob, obviously I can't go there but this is certainly about Walgreens and the proposal that we received, and were surprised by from Express Scripts and the actions we are taking. We do believe that community pharmacy does provide value. We believe we certainly do. We think that payers are beginning to look for community pharmacy to provide services far beyond what others may be. So as I said, this is about us and Express Scripts.
Wade Miquelon: And it's also our principle stand is also being fair to the other payers that we work with and the other PBMs and managed care. It's not -- it wouldn't be right to give some super discount below market rate for only one at the expense of the others. We need to be fair to all of them.
Kermit Crawford: Bob, this is Kermit. I just like to add, really no other PBM has taken this position to this point.
Robert Willoughby: It's interesting. I would view you guys as having a cost advantage in participating in this business. It seems to me other retailers must be agreeing to some similar hard-line types of deals. It just strikes me unusual that they pick out one provider in their entire networks.
Wade Miquelon: We can't speak to them. We're very cost effective and very reasonable and very market-based.
Gregory Wasson: And Bob, again, let me go back to again this is between us and them. But at the same time, I will say that we have decided to take a leadership position in this industry to transform the role of community pharmacy. And to play a greater role in healthcare. And I think, there is a tremendous opportunity for us to do that. We have tremendous interest from key stakeholders in the healthcare industry for us to play that role. And that's where we're headed. We moving forward into that new world. And as I said, we're prepared and ready to live in a world without Express Scripts.
Operator: The next question will come from David Magee of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Two questions, one is when you sort of outline the mix of business that Express had earlier on the call, how would you characterize the profitability of that overall contract relative to other third-party contracts in 2011?
Wade Miquelon: I think we said that we believe there are already unacceptable rates, and the proposal is even more unacceptable. So I'll just leave it at that.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, so sort of below average right now. And then when you make your assumptions regarding the retention of business after this, are you sort of basing that on sort of hard evidence in the past where you've had contract withdrawals from maybe smaller companies?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, David, Greg. As I've said in the last year, year and a half, we've heard loud and clear from employers and health plans that they want Walgreens in their network for all the reasons that we stated: the convenience we bring; the 24 hour locations we bring, the services we are offering, the; cost effectiveness that we do bring; when you look at our generic utilization performance, the adherence and compliance; the rate terms and conditions we give. They're looking for is to be in the network.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Three questions for you, on the gross margin, you had a nice bounce back quarter in the gross margin after last quarter. You obviously said front-end and pharmacy were booked up. Can you talk about the sustainability of that over the next couple of quarters? It looks like the comparisons are obviously pretty tough in both of those quarters. Generics like you said, certainly are not going to help. Can you drive a positive gross margin over the next couple of quarters?
Wade Miquelon: I'm not really going to comment on the quarter. I would agree that there are tougher compares for various reasons that we outlined. I guess what I would say is we're a bit focused on not building a sandcastle but building a real castle, so over time how do we keep strengthening the foundation in the financials, the gross margin, the SG&A, making that model work, the 100 basis point model and over time, over a period. So I won't speculate on the quarter but I think that we feel that moving ahead, we have a very solid framework, and of course, we're moving into a good generic period, coming 2013, et cetera. So, I'll just leave it at that.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Wade, could you maybe talk about of the drivers of the front-end gross margin. This quarter -- I think, last quarter you had mentioned that it was more flattish. Obviously, it's positive. And then is there -- are there legs to that in and of those benefits as well?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, obviously, right now we're in the midst of kind of finishing out CCR so that brings a fair amount of, cost et cetera. But then over time, we believe, what we're seeing is we're going to have stronger margins and stronger lift resulting from it. We're also doing a better and better job of driving a very healthy mix for us, more beauty products, more OTC products, things like that. Private label, we've done a great job. But we still have a lot of upside, and we're putting a lot of effort in that. So there are definitely drivers over time that we can, I think, keep improving the margin. But again, I think, it's really have to look over the longer haul and keep focusing on 2-year specs.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And just last question for you. I mean, there's been obviously a lot of questions today about Express Scripts. And clearly, it's very -- at least, it seems very similar to what we saw last year with CVS. Can you just remind us how that negotiation progressed last year? And then last year, you started to see some real benefits in the gross margin when that resolution took place. So I know back then, you weren't really willing to talk about it. But is it something -- is there something that could provide similar benefits if it gets resolved in your favor?
Gregory Wasson: Ed, Greg. Certainly, I'm not going to comment much on the CVS Caremark other than to say, as we said in our release we were very pleased with the outcome of that issue. And we're working very closely with CVS Caremark today as a result. Again, this is about our relationship with Express Scripts and our desire to reach agreement on terms and conditions that are acceptable for the value we provide.
Rick Hans: Folks, that was our final question. As a reminder, the company will report June sales on July 6, and we will report the fourth quarter year-end results on September 27. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-03-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kermit Crawford - President of Pharmacy Services Wade Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark Wagner - President of Community Management Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance and Assistant Treasurer Gregory Wasson - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co Patricia Baker - Scotia Capital Inc. Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc Ann Hynes - Caris & Company Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Walgreen Co. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And at this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Hans. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Allen. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will discuss the quarter's highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our second quarter financial results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Health and Wellness Services and Solutions; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also, I'm available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link on our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We're also making the call available as podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risks and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Wasson: Thank you, Rick. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today. We will cover three main areas today. First, I'll touch on key items in our strong second quarter financial results. You saw this morning we had record sales and earnings for the quarter, contributing to our third consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth. Second, I'll take you through a number of recent actions that are accelerating the execution of our strategies. And finally, Wade will walk you through our financial performance in more detail and give you perspective on the second half of the year. Starting with our results today, we reported record sales of $18.5 billion for the quarter. That's up 8.9% from nearly $17 billion in the second quarter of last year. Net earnings for the quarter were $739 million, up 10.4% from $660 million during the same quarter last year. Net earnings per diluted share were up 17.6% to $0.80 compared to $0.68 in the same period last year. Our strong cash flow trends also continued this quarter. Cash flow from operations was $886 million, and free cash flow was $690 million. We also completed $300 million in stock buybacks during the quarter, putting us nearly halfway through our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Next, let's look at the key drivers of our performance as we continue to turn our core business strategies into results. Running comparable store sales increased 4.3% in the quarter. As the economy slowly improves and our initiatives take hold, we're seeing increases in both traffic and basket size. We also saw a strong performance in cough and cold products, which drove sales in all three months of the quarter, and reflected a later onset than last year of the cough/cold flu season. Beer and wine sales continue to grow, and added 77 basis points to the front-end comp for the quarter. And finally, we also posted good holiday performance. Sales for Christmas and Valentine's Day solidly beat last year's numbers and demonstrated the power that our combination of convenience and value brings to the customers who are shopping later and later into the season. We also had another strong quarter in Pharmacy. Prescription sales and comparable stores grew by 3.9%, and comp scripts adjusted for Dayfall, grew by 4.4% over the same quarter last year. The cough/cold flu season added 110 basis points to our script comp. Our share of the overall retail prescription market, not including flu shots, improved to 20.1% for the quarter. With that performance, we achieved a milestone, filling one out of every five retail prescriptions for the first time in company history. For the flu season this year, when we administered 6.4 million flu shots, while industry-wide demand for shots was less than we expected, we continued to grow our market share. Outside of the federal government, we provide more flu shot immunizations than any of the other single entity in the country. So we are confident in our strategy to pursue the flu and broader vaccinations and immunization markets aggressively. Through these efforts, we are making healthcare solutions affordable and accessible, driving prevention and wellness and leading the transformation of community pharmacy. Solid sales in both the front-end and pharmacy continue to support a healthy relationship between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth, allowing us to deliver on our goal of double-digit earnings per share growth. This quarter, gross profit dollar growth is $120 million or 70 basis points, above SG&A dollar growth. Along with strong seasonal sales, we're driving momentum in gross profit dollar growth through store openings and comp store sales, which include the positive impact of our Customer Centric Retailing initiative. In the quarter, we opened in 19 new stores, and transitioned 159 more stores to our CCR format. Through the end of the quarter, we've converted or opened more than 2,300 CCR stores, well on our way to transitioning 5,500 new and existing stores by the end of 2011. SG&A control in the quarter was also very good in spite of tough comparison from a year ago. Comparable store expense was the primary driver of expense control, although we continue to see expense growth from new store openings in acquisitions like Duane Reade and CCR. More broadly across the company, we are focused on making cost control and continuous process improvement a way of life. That means moving away from cost savings through major restructurings to a discipline that ensures we are finding opportunities to be more efficient and productive every day. As you can see from this chart, our focus on cost is yielding results. Wade will walk you through more detail on how we see the rest of the year playing out in a few minutes. We continue to make substantial progress on our key initiatives even in this challenging economic environment. While the economy is slowly improving, unemployment remains high at 8.9%, and food and gas prices are rising. As costs rise and jobs remained soft, customers continue to look for value. We're also seeing the impact of inflation with a higher LIFO charge this quarter. In addition, commercial and government reimbursement continue to be important areas of focus for us and anyone in healthcare. On the government side of the issue, it's still too early to speculate on the eventual timing and impact of AMP. However, as states wrestle with budget difficulties and the need to reduce overall spending, we do expect pressure to continue on Medicaid reimbursement. That's why we're working closely with the states and in doing so, helping them to understand two significant opportunities that we'll be developing over the next several years. First, it's important to note the generic wave that begins this November will be a big benefit to all payers including the states as drug cost trends improve. In fact, if you look at IMS projections for generic introductions in the next five years, more than one quarter of prescription drug costs will come out of the system due to brand-to-generic conversions. As a result, prescription drug cost, as a percent of overall healthcare spend, will likely decrease. Second, by improving patient compliance and adherence through these more affordable generic drugs, states can avoid billions of dollars in medically related costs such as emergency rooms and hospitalizations. So we look forward to working with states to highlight the importance of these two opportunities in terms of providing access to these affordable drugs as a means to control costs. Finally, this morning, let me update our work on our three core strategies, which are to leverage the best to store network in America, enhance the customer experience, and make major cost reductions and productivity gains. We continue to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with progress in several areas. We're extending our community-based retail network with store openings running at 2.5% to 3% in fiscal 2011, while progressing on our transformation to become the leading provider of pharmacy and health and wellness solutions. Our successful integration of Duane Reade is moving forward, and we're on track with systems conversions. Also, the pace of Duane Reade store remodels in Manhattan is picking up as we head into the second half of the year. We're also leveraging our brick-and-mortar assets through our e-Commerce business with the goal to become the leader in multichannel retailing, providing our customers what they want, when they want it and where they want it. And as our cost performance shows, we remain on track to deliver $1 billion in savings by the end of fiscal 2011 against our base year of fiscal 2008. Over the past several years, we have taken a number of steps to align our assets with our core strategies, such as the acquisition of Cardinal Specialty Pharmacy business, and the exchange with Omnicare of our long-term care operations for their Home Infusion business. Recently, we took additional steps to further advance that goal. As you know earlier this month, we announced our transaction with Catalyst Health Solutions. Catalyst will acquire Walgreens Pharmacy Benefit Management business, Walgreens Health Initiatives, in a cash transaction for $525 million, subject to certain adjustments, and we expect to close by the end of June 2011. The sale has three strategic benefits. First, we are divesting non-core assets, so we can further increase our focus and discipline on the execution of our core strategies. The transaction accelerates our strategy of leveraging the best community store network in America by providing an expanding pharmacy and health and wellness solutions to all of our patients and payers. Second, the sale accelerates our B2B strategy of taking pharmacy and health and wellness solutions to our customers, employers and government agencies, either directly or with our PBM and health plan partners, without the inherent conflict of owning a PBM. And third, we retained and look to grow our Specialty Pharmacy and Mail Service businesses as they are an integral part of our full-service pharmacy offerings.  Catalyst is a strong company, and will be a good provider of PBM services to WHI customers and the Walgreen Co. An additional action we've undertaken recently again to focus on our core versus non-core assets is to limit our presence in the respiratory therapy durable medical equipment market in order to accelerate our industry-leading Infusion Pharmacy business. This decision is critical to our Specialty Pharmacy strategy as more patients and payers look to a single provider of both. As a result, in December, we started the process of selling facilities and at this point, we've sold RT/DME [respiratory therapy/ durable medical equipment] operations in six states. Our goal is to ensure we effectively meet the needs of our customers, and that we're positioned for long-term success. We're also taking steps to further align our leaders and structure with our strategic goals. As you know, we recently announced Howe Rosenblum's retirement. He brought tremendous vision and commitment to Walgreens, and I look forward to continuing to call on his expertise as a senior consultant on healthcare services. As a result, we've completed the full integration of our Pharmacy and Health and Wellness businesses into our newly established Pharmacy Health and Wellness Services and Solutions division under Kermit Crawford. In addition, Jeff Berkowitz recently joined our company as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceutical Development and Market Access, reporting to Kermit. Jeff came to Walgreens from Merck, where he was Senior Vice President for Global Market Access. Along with his responsibilities to broaden and deepen our payer relationships, through his leadership of our contracting and pricing team, he also leads our enterprise-wide pharmaceutical purchasing teams for both brands and generics, and plays a vital role in expanding our relationships with our pharma partners. To support our strategy to become America's first choice for health and daily living needs, we established a new Daily Living Products and Solutions group headed by Joe Magnacca, who joined us with the acquisition of Duane Reade last year. As President, Joe will combine and lead our very strong marketing and merchandising efforts, while continuing to lead Duane Reade. With the combined leadership and experience of our Chief Marketing Officer, Kim Feil and our Chief Merchandising Officer, Bryan Pugh, he will head up one of the most talented teams in retail. We also recently brought on Graham Atkinson, our new Chief Customer Experience Officer. He comes to Walgreens. Graham's responsible for leading our company-wide effort to enhance our customer experience and develop our loyalty strategy. He comes to us from United Airlines, where he established a long and successful record in customer experience and loyalty, leading the development and operations of UAL's various award-winning loyalty programs. And finally, at Analyst Day, we stated our goal to become America's first choice for health and daily living needs, owning outright the strategic territorial well. This quarter demonstrates we are well on our way towards achieving that goal. We're pleased with our results this quarter. However, we remain cautious about the outlook, and confident in our direction. We will continue to differentiate ourselves to a laser focus on developing our core assets, our continued discipline on costs and a clear vision on how we can become my Walgreens for everyone in America. With that, I'll turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. And good morning, everyone. This morning, I will review our second quarter financial results and key metrics in more depth. I'll tie the quarter back to our long-term financial goals, and review our capital allocation decisions in the quarter, and how we're thinking about capital allocation going forward. Let me start by saying that we were pleased with our strong performance on our key financial metrics, including sales, earnings and EPS, in what continues to be a very challenging environment. Our GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.80 included the impact of the following items, $0.01 per share from expenses related to the Duane Reade integration, and $0.01 per share from expenses related to our Rewiring for Growth initiatives. This compares to our second quarter 2010 GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.68, which included $0.02 per diluted share in restructuring and related costs associated with Rewire. Our FIFO EBIT increased by 13.6% in the quarter versus 3.2% a year ago. And finally, our comps improved across the board. Comparable store Pharmacy sales increased by 3.9%, and comparable front-end sales increased 4.3% with total comparable sales, up 4.1%. Looking at script number comps, our comparable prescriptions filled increased by 4.5%. Greg reviewed the key drivers of the quarter, so let me take you through some longer term trends. The green bars on this slide show our front-end comp by quarter for the past three and a half years, while the corresponding blue line represents our two-year stacks front-end comp. You could see that our second quarter front-end comp of 4.3% is the best in 10 quarters, marking a return to a level we have not seen since 2008 before the recession. As Greg noted, the significant factors contributing to the acceleration of this quarter's comp were increased in cough/cold and flu sales and the momentum we are generating through our CCR merchandising initiatives, including the rollout of beer and wine, and our stronger Christmas and Valentine's Day sales programs. Looking at longer term trends, I want to highlight that our two-year stack was trending above 90% prior to the onset of the recession, and that last year's second quarter appears to be the inflection point. Since that time, a combination of our own initiatives and a more stable economy had led to a stronger two-year stack trend. Finally, the breakdown between traffic and basket, with traffic up 1.6% and basket up 2.6% reflects our focus on achieving the right balance between sales and margin. Now let me recap the quarter, our Pharmacy business. Let's look at the last 10 quarters of our script comparisons, with the green bar showing our quarterly script comp and the blue line showing the two-year stack. You can see that our second quarter script comp of 4.5% is the highest level in the past five quarters, driven by higher cough/cold and flu, which contributed 110 basis points. In addition, the two-year stack is tracked consistently in the 6% to 10% range over the past 10 quarters. At nearly 8% this quarter, the two-year stack is currently trending above its 2009 level. Finally, Greg covered the flu shot update for this season, and my only additional comment is to remind you that we do not bear any further inventory risk related to flu shots. Turning to market share, as Greg highlighted, we achieved a milestone, filling one of every five retail prescriptions in the quarter for the first time in our history. Our 20.1% retail prescription share is up from a year ago. As with the various drivers of our Pharmacy business, we want to remind you that our prescription comp is the best metric to understand the trends in our Pharmacy business. This slide shows the spread between our Pharmacy sales comp and our prescription comp on a 30-day equivalent basis over the past 10 quarters, with the green line representing our pharmacy sales comp, the blue line representing our script comp and the black line representing the spread between the two. Since the third quarter of 2009, our prescription comp has exceeded our Pharmacy sales comp, with the spread a function of a couple factors, including brand drug growth and inflation, which tend to inflate the spread and generics' negative reimbursement flu-related drugs, flu shots, and the growth in 90-day prescriptions, which tend to narrow the spread.  We've highlighted the first quarter of 2010 to illustrate the impact on the spread from the flu-related scripts, which are largely generics and flu shots. And while this was the most negative spread of the past 10 quarters, it was a strong quarter in Pharmacy, demonstrating the disconnect between net spread and the financial performance of the business. With the coming generic wave, we would expect the sales comp to script comp spread to become increasingly negative, but keep in mind we generally make more profit per script on the generic versus on a branded drug. So going forward, I will encourage you to focus more on pharmacy script comp then sales comp per se. Our gross margin as a percent of sales is 28.8%, steady with the year ago. The front-end margins increased, but were offset by a higher LIFO provision in the quarter. Retail pharmacy margins were even with last year, as the positive effect of generic drug sales were offset by market-driven reimbursements.  The next chart illustrates our trends in front end and pharmacy margins, which we showed you in the last couple of quarters. And you can see that we have five consecutive quarters of margin improvement on the front end. And while additional progress becomes increasingly difficult due to the rising price environment, we have several initiatives in place for further front-end margin improvement. I would now like to turn it over to talk about our SG&A trends. As Greg highlighted, the SG&A increased by $306 million, including Duane Reade, were 8% on a GAAP basis versus 5.1% a year ago. And our two-year stack SG&A of 13.1% compares favorably to last year's two-year stack of 13.2%, and is a significant improvement versus our 2009 level of 19.3%. This graph adjusts SG&A dollar growth for Duane Reade and for Rewire. Our two-year stack SG&A dollar growth, fully adjusted, is 11.1% versus 12.6% a year ago, and versus 16.9% in 2009.  Let me walk you through the progression from our GAAP SG&A dollar growth rate of 8% to our adjusted SG&A dollar growth rate. The Duane Reade migration and operating expenses added about 430 basis points to our SG&A dollar growth, while Rewire expenses were lower than a year ago. And that had a positive impact of 50 basis points, and resulted in adjusted SG&A dollar growth of 4.2%. Also recall, we are on plan to deliver our full $1 billion of Rewire savings by the end of the fiscal year. While, you can see the numbers reflected in our SG&A dollar growth, we have included a reconciliation of the quarterly Rewire numbers in the appendix. Continuing down the income statement, as noted earlier, the LIFO provision for the quarter was significantly higher at $56 million versus $27 million last year. This increase negatively impacted the quarter's EPS by about $0.02 versus the prior year. Restructuring and restructuring related expenses were $6 million, down from $28 million last year, as Rewire now nears completion. And our net interest expense was $18 million, down from $22 million, reflecting the benefit of a fixed-to-floating interest rate swap that we put in place last year. Net income was adversely impacted by a higher tax rate, which increased by 80 basis points from last year to 37.8% as a result of higher state and federal taxes. This increase negatively impacted the quarter's EPS by about $0.01 versus the prior year. For the year, we are planning on an effective tax rate of 37.4%. And finally, our average diluted shares outstanding decreased by 62 million due to share repurchases over the past 12 months.  Moving to the balance sheet, our cash balance stands at $2.2 billion, down from $3.1 billion a year ago, reflecting a strong cash flow, our acquisition of Duane Reade and other efforts to return record amounts of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Accounts receivable decreased by 7.3%, while inventories increased by about 5.7%. Accounts payable increased by 6.1%. Overall, our working capital has decreased by 1.3%. And as a percent of sales, our total working capital has actually decreased by 9.3% as we continue to drive working capital efficiencies across the enterprise. Our FIFO inventory increased by 6.9% in the quarter against an 8.9% increase in sales. While on a per-store basis, FIFO dollar inventory decreased by 0.2%, which is a strong progress against the 9.6% decrease a year ago. Shifting gears, I will now review our long-term financial growth goals, and look how we're performing against those goals through the first half of the fiscal and finally, frame a few of the issues that we face in the second half. Recall that our objective is to achieve long-term double-digit EPS growth, and our annual goal is to grow gross profit dollars by about 100 basis points more than our SG&A dollars, with the benefit of our continued share repurchase program. The first six months of fiscal 2011, our gross profit dollar growth was 8.8%, 130 basis points higher than our SG&A dollar growth of 7.5%. We had 931 million average diluted shares outstanding in the half versus 992 million in the first half a year ago which combined, helped us deliver 21.4% diluted earnings per share growth year-to-date. With the majority of Duane Reade and restructuring related cost behind us, our 7.5% GAAP SG&A dollar growth through the first half of the year is on track with plan. With respect to our other two SG&A dollar growth buckets, we are on track with SG&A related to new store openings, and ahead related to our core store inflation in business mix and investment. Let me remind you of our goal of 6.5% to 7.5% SG&A dollar growth for the year. It is likely that we will be on the lower end of that range even as we absorb the incremental costs related to things such as the divestiture of WHI.  Let me give you a little more context for both SG&A dollar growth and gross profit dollar growth for the rest of the year. Last quarter, we showed this slide to demonstrate the volatility by quarter in our SG&A dollar growth trends. As we look at our SG&A dollar growth quarter-by-quarter this year versus last year, it is important to recall the specific drivers in each quarter, including the Duane Reade acquisition, the timing of flu and the timing of other initiatives. In this quarter, we were cycling a very difficult SG&A dollar growth comp. And consequently, we were pleased with our 8% SG&A dollar growth for the quarter. And as the year progresses, you'll see our comparisons become easier. Looking at gross profit dollar growth by quarter this year versus last year, we see similar volatility, with performance driven by new generics and the timing of the flu. This slide illustrates the easier comparison for the quarter, and the more difficult comparisons in the upcoming third and fourth quarters, as we cycle the gross profit dollar benefit of CCR and the Duane Reade acquisition. Finally, I want to share with you another strong cash flow performance. Cash flow from operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2011 was $886 million, up nearly 50% from $595 million in the year-ago quarter. And year-to-date, it is at $2.1 billion, up 16.3% from $1.8 billion in the first six months of fiscal 2010. Free cash flow in the second quarter of fiscal 2011 was $690 million, up over 80% from last year's free cash flow of $375 million. Year-to-date, our free cash flow is $1.6 billion, up 27.7% from the first six months of fiscal 2010. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $196 million and year-to-date, are about $469 million. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2011 are expected to be in roughly the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion range, excluding business acquisitions and prescription-filed purchases. Earlier this month, we announced a definitive agreement to sell WHI to Catalyst Health Solutions in a cash transaction for $525 million. We expect the transaction to close by the end of June, and to be accretive to earnings in fiscal 2011, largely due to the one-time gain and neutral in fiscal 2012, not including the reinvestment of the proceeds. Given that we have a fairly low book basis, we expect our net one-time gain to be significant, and we will update you after it's finalized. We will retain the Specialty and Mail businesses, and be a strategic provider for Walgreen Co., and we intend to grow with Catalyst and all of our other key partners as well. We remain very focused on our disciplined approach to capital allocation, as we continue to tighten our strategic focus on our core assets. This chart is in the shape of a diamond, because we have four priorities that we balance very carefully. Our first priority is reinvesting in our core strategies, and you're seeing the results of those investments in both our front end and pharmacy numbers for this quarter. Our second is investing strategic opportunities that reinforce and support the core, for example, the Duane Reade acquisition and file buys. Also important is working to maintain a good balance sheet and strong credit ratings. I just ran you through those numbers, and I feel very good about the state of our balance sheet. And finally, and very, very important, is returning cash to shareholders. To give you more detail on our share repurchase program, in the quarter, we bought back $300 million of stocks, and we're nearly halfway through our current $1 billion share buyback authorization. In the quarter, we also paid out $162 million in dividends, and our last dividend increase was 27.3%. And we do expect meaningful dividend increases until we reach our target payout of 30% to 35%. So in closing, let me just reiterate that we are very pleased with our results. In the first half of the year, we are on track to meet our annual goal of double-digit earnings growth. We are making solid progress against strategic initiatives, and you can see that progress clearly laid out in our earnings, our cash flow and other things like expenses. You have our commitment that we will continue to focus on executing our strategy to deliver sustainable growth and value for all of our stakeholders. So I want to thank you for joining us today, and now I'm going to turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Edward Kelly at Crdit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: First question for you on the gross margin, I guess it wasn't quite as strong as most of us have expected, maybe we were just too optimistic. But could you talk a little bit about how the margin played out versus your expectation this quarter, particularly on the front end? And then I know you mentioned in the press release the impact of higher commodity prices, can you just explain that a little bit in a little bit more detail?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, it's Greg. I'll start and maybe Wade can fill in. I think we were pretty pleased with where we finished up. I think when you look at the LIFO effect that we had on the front end, we continue to feel good with our managing our front-end margin, especially in this environment of commodity prices increases. I think we're doing a good job continuing to balance price and promotion, working for supply chain cost and so forth to reduce our cost of goods. But I think on the front end, we feel pretty strong there also, as you know, lapping strong increase from the year before. Certainly in Pharmacy, as we said, the generic increase that we saw was offset somewhat by reimbursement. The reimbursement step down that we saw in January, February is exactly pretty much what we planned for. And we certainly have to continue to manage to get there, and predictable reimbursement from our payers.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I'll just add on here. I think that we feel very good about our gross margins. I think what we're really focused on again is gross margin dollars, and trying to make sure to play the right balance to get the top line growing, as well as the profitability. So I feel, in general, we struck the right balance. We are seeing some inflation and obviously, commodities are up and those feed stocks will funnel through over time. I think we'll be very -- we'll be ready to manage it when that comes, and there'll probably be other opportunities to provide value, and private label and other things as well. So again, I think I'd encourage you to keep focusing on gross profit dollars, in particular, against that construct we laid out of SG&A gross or SG&A dollars.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and just on the inflation front, everyone out there on the CPG [consumer packaged goods] side is talking about raising prices. So it seems like we're going to see more of it. I would assume that you've got a fair amount of pricing power within your model. Is that something that you should be able to navigate fine, or is that a risk going forward? How do we think about that?
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think, Ed, certainly, it's an environment that we're going to have to focus on extremely well going forward. As you said, we're going to continue to see higher commodity prices coming through, but we've managed through times like this in the past. It's all about staying competitive, store-by- store, checking the competition, making sure we go where we can, and make sure we're still providing the right value. That's why I talk about time and time again that retail is really all about balance, and making sure you're swinging doors at the same time, creating value. And so I think our convenience, as we've talked about before, allows us to some opportunity to get the delta there over others. And we just have to understand what that delta is line-by-line. So I think we feel good with being able to manage through it. Certainly, we're going to have to be focused.
Wade Miquelon: We'll use it opportunistically to drive our private label even harder if need be. We'll make sure that we have key price points versus competition. We'll make sure that our KBIs [key buying influence], the most important items we have, are priced right every day. So I think we'll be able to manage it very effectively, but I think it also gives rise to opportunity.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and just to follow-up on the gross margin question. How do we think about the third quarter now? I mean your comparison is particularly easy. Maybe you could remind us of why that's so. I mean, I know last year's third quarter on the Pharmacy side was a tough quarter. Certainly, you cycled back in a pretty positive way and theres very good potential to see a pretty strong gross margin quarter again. I think that's how we're all thinking about it. So maybe you could help us as to whether that thought process is right or not.
Wade Miquelon: A couple of things, right, is there's a lot of -- last year, actually, if you look at our back half gross profit dollars, they were fairly very strong. And that's for a couple reasons, number one, is we have the gross profit lift from Duane Reade, but we also were cycling the year prior, above [ph] some closeout and other CCR impacts. So from that regard, that actually is a bit tougher compare but SG&A, obviously, is a much easier compare. So I guess what I would say, obviously, quarter-to-quarter, we lost the mix effects from seasonal and other things. I think I'd really kind of just trying to point you back to that goal of over time to have 100 basis points more gross profit dollar growth versus SG&A, and if we do that, the whole model works.
Edward Kelly - Crdit Suisse AG: Maybe a bit more similar to what we have seen play out this quarter as opposed to what we've seen in prior quarters?
Wade Miquelon: I would just say there just a lot of moving parts quarter-to-quarter, and still a lots of things, not only seasonality, business mix, changes in plans, et cetera. But again, I think that we feel that our goal of making sure we have 100 basis points or more over time is the right goal, and the goal that hopefully, we should be able to achieve.
Operator: And next, we'll take our next question from Deborah Weinswig with Citi.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: Great, I'm actually going to take the other side of the gross margin on the SG&A front, actually, Wade, I was very impressed with the performance in the quarter. Are you finding that the culture of the organization has changed with regard to expense management? And that there might be further opportunities to reduce expenses in the future? And if so, what might some of those opportunities be?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Deborah, maybe I'll take that. Yes, there's absolutely a change in focus and as I've talked about, I think we've got cost reduction and productivity gain kind of embedded in the DNA of the organization. Now frankly, I think, going through our Rewiring for Growth initiative the last couple of years has really done that. And who knows, could be the biggest by-product of that initiative going in the future. So yes, I think we have folks that are focused in all aspects of the business, turning over every stone from supply chain to just SG&A, corporate expense, store level expense, how we run drugstores and so forth. So there's no doubt it's in our DNA. We think there's more opportunity, and we're going to go after it.
Wade Miquelon: I think, the way -- and probably, the big difference is rather from sort of cost cutting or restructuring, which we went through the past couple of years. Now it's really focused on continuous process improvement, and what we would call cost innovation. So putting as much creativity into innovating to be much more effective in doing new ways to drive our business and to manage our costs, as we would on top line growth. And I think that's the real kind of mindset difference.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: Okay, and then also, with over a 20% market share in Pharmacy, who do you think you're gaining market share from? And with the investments you've made in your business, do you expect your share gains to accelerate going forward? And how important have your file buys been to the share gains?
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think, Deborah, we're gaining share from just across the board, whether it's -- it varies region by region. So I think that as long as we continue to execute strong like we are, I think Kermit and his group, Mark has done a great job with improvement in service levels and customer sat [satisfaction] within our scores. So I think we'll continue to execute, continue to gain share, especially if indeed the reimbursement environment gets a little more challenging, there'll probably be more opportunity for us to gain share. But it's pretty much across the board, varies a little bit by region, but we feel good with continue to grow share.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: And you found it broadly across the U.S.?
Gregory Wasson: Yes. As I said, it may vary somewhat by region, but for the most part, yes.
Deborah Weinswig - Citigroup Inc: Okay, and then last question, I believe Kim Feil joined the company in September '08 as your Chief Marketing Officer and has obviously made a significant impact. What was it that made you reach out to Graham Atkinson for the role of Chief Customer Experience Officer? I believe you're the only retailer that I know that has a role like that in your company, which should obviously set you apart from your peers.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think you're right. Kim did start with us a couple of years ago. Kim has done a fantastic job in taking our organization from what I call good advertiser product to a world-class marketing organization. Shes done exactly what we wanted her to do and continue to build that. I think what Graham brings to us is just flat out dead experience in both customer experience and loyalty with a world-class operation and world-class product that they built. And I think that his number one focus is enhancing and elevating our customer experience across the entire enterprise, loyalty of which is one part of it. And I think the winning retailers, going forward, will be those that really deliver an outstanding customer experience across the entire enterprise. That's what he's focused on, and we wanted someone that could come in and really just be laser-focused on that and work with Kim and her insights group and so forth to help deliver.
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Eric Bosshard at Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: On the Rx side, you commented that the reimbursement pressure that you saw once the calendar turned was what you expected. Can you give us a little bit more perspective on how reimbursement rate changes are different or similar this year to prior years and what your expectations are, how that might behave as we move into 2012 with the next generic wave coming?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I guess the way I would frame it just roughly, Eric, is that last year, we said that we kind of have a year-on-year, probably our biggest step down we ever experienced through a variety of things. Things like AWP [average wholesale pricing], a few other changes, a few issues, say, we have gone through a few commercial plans and then also, a very large number of year-on-year generic step down. You added all that up, and we said it was almost $0.5 billion year-on-year. This year, we're not seeing anything in that magnitude for sure. So there's a little bit of pressure coming at us because generics are a little lighter than year prior. But overall, a little bit, not overly significant. Again coming into November, December next year in our 2013, we'll start to see a big generic wave, and that's going to be helpful then as well. So a little bit of pressure year-on-year, but not the kind of pressure we saw the year prior.
Gregory Wasson: And Eric, I think what is encouraging to us, frankly, is what we did see is what we anticipated.
Kermit Crawford: And Eric, this is Kermit. One other thing is that the step down this year is still -- there's a step down this year compared to last year. And we do expect to see that grow in 2012 and even more in 2013.
Wade Miquelon: And one thing I'd also share though is Kermit's team is also doing a lot of work to continue to reengineer our cost to fill for deleveraging new prescribe, our central flow capabilities, other streamlined processes. So we work it from both ends to make sure that we get to the best overall gross and net.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: And then a follow-up on the gross margin performance and outlook that the higher commodity costs and the higher LIFO charge, is there an intent or opportunity to recapture this, or is this just part of a more inflationary environment that creates some pressure on gross margin? I'm just trying to figure out what side of this you're going to end up on if you can offset it, or if you just have to absorb it?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I guess one thing, is remember that this is not all CPG-type products, right, that there will be some LIFO over time that tends to come through on the Pharma side as well. In some cases, we are able to price out ahead of it. So you might see the benefit in the numbers even despite the fact you might have an inventory LIFO hit. So I think the key thing for us is -- I'd be less concerned about what the LIFO movement is because over time, it doesn't move that much, and really more focused on whether it was sustainably over time able to get our portfolio pricing up to the level we need to for aggregate inflation, and I think that we're pretty good at doing that.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Eric, I think -- and Wade alluded to, I think, with an earlier caller, I think it's going to be a combination of, obviously, managing the competitiveness of those items. But also, driving our private brand help offset it, and we've got to be laser-focused on both of those areas to achieve the right balance. And I think with our opportunity to drive private brand, we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Ann Hynes with Caris & Company.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: I just want to go back to your gross profit and SG&A long-term growth of 100 basis points. At the analyst meeting, when asked if you expect to achieve that in fiscal 2011, you imply that, that probably wouldn't happen. So when I look at your gross profit comments, I guess, your comments around gross profit and being difficult in the second half, should we assume that, that may be gross profit and SG&A growth reverse, that maybe you have higher SG&A growth in the second half of 2011 versus gross profit so in turn, you maybe for annual -- if you annualize it, you're still growing gross profit over SG&A, it just reverses and it's a timing thing?
Wade Miquelon: I think just what I mentioned, sorry and I apologize if I wasn't clear, but I think what I mentioned meant to imply was that a, it is a long term goal, right, so it's year-by-year, et cetera. And that 2012 and '13 would probably be easier than 2011 to hit it because of all of the trends, generics, et cetera, but that doesn't mean that we're not shooting for that goal this year, that we think we can't achieve it. Through the first few quarters, I think we've got about 130 basis point average. We're trying to build our business around this to overtime sustainably hit it. But I think the impression I meant to give is that it would just be easier in '12 and '13 than '11, but it doesn't mean that '11 is still not our goal.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: Okay, so it might be difficult to get that 130 basis points in the second half just because of the tough comparisons and maybe, some Medicaid pricing pressure?
Wade Miquelon: Could be, for sure, and there are still unknowns, things like AMP and other things. We just don't know yet. But again, this is what we're going to target to do. And again, we encourage you not to just judge it by any one quarter, but kind of look at the rolling effect of where we're taking our business over time.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: , All right, great, and just my second question, was around Medicaid. Do you have any incremental detail you can share about AMP and timing? And then I know -- I cover the hospitals and a lot of the hospitals are guiding Medicaid down 3% to 4% in the second half starting in July. Is that what we should assume for your Medicaid pricing, especially I know you have exposure in Texas? Just any more clarity on what we should assume for Medicaid pricing in the second half would be great.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Ann, as far as AMP, it's still uncertain as far as the timing and the impact of it. So I can't give you any more color there. As far as state Medicaid, again, same thing, we work with each individual state individually to manage fair and acceptable reimbursement as well as additional solutions. And as I said in my script, one of the things that we're encouraged by is that I think there's a lot we can do to help states with. And first and foremost, is making sure they do understand that the generic wave and the compliance adherence of generics is going to a huge positive for them going forward. Secondly, we've got a lot of solutions that we can talk to them about regarding the use of our retail clinics to offset medical costs. So there's no doubt they're going to be continued to be focused on reducing costs as everyone is in this environment. And we think we're actually positioned to help bring additional solutions.
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Mark Wiltamuth of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask Kermit a few questions. As I recall, the SG&A cost saves that are left to go for this year are still largely on the prescription side of the house or the back end of the house. Can you talk about how you're positioned for delivering cost saves in the back half? And then second question for you is what's the approach for flu shots going to be next year? Are we going to keep pushing for more and more shots and did you end up making any money on the 6.4 million shots since we did have to take a write-down?
Kermit Crawford: Mark, so first on the SG&A saving costs, around our TCRx or what we call our transformation community pharmacy, we are on pace to meet our 2011 goal from our Rewire. So I still feel very good about the second of the year and the pace we're on to meet the cost savings associated with the Pharmacy. When it comes to our flu program, our flu program, I mean, we still are going to remain aggressive in our flu program, as well as in our broader vaccine programs. But we clearly established Walgreens as the leader in the flu shot market. And with over 26,000 certified pharmacists in United, we've proven that we can train our entire workforce. Even with the lack of demand this year in our flu shots, given only 6.4 million flu shots, we increased our market share by 50 basis points. So we feel very good about flu shots and additional vaccinations, and we certainly expect to grow that flu shot more this year. I guess to answer your question on did we make money. We don't make money when we sell flu shots. So we feel very comfortable about the flu and our other vaccinations. But to give you another example is you may have heard about the whopping cough that was broken out in California and Indiana, and we administered over 19,000 DPT vaccinations. So we're beginning to expand beyond flu to other vaccinations like pneumonia, like Zostavax, like GARDASIL. So we continue to see our opportunity in this $10 billion to $20 billion flu immunization and vaccine market.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: I guess what I'm getting at is next year do you need to make a big inventory commitment in advance, or can you just let the market drive the flu shot volume higher and...
Wade Miquelon: I think, over time, it's going to be easier to align the demand and supply equation. You have to remember that this year was coming on the back of the H1N1 kind of issue. And so I think everybody had to go out and commit. But recall, we work with our vendors and for the most part, we are able to manage our inventory level down within a pretty close range. So I think over time, it's going to be easier and easier to align those two.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, Greg, I'd just say this, certainly, this year, we learned a lot, and there's two things. I think the consumers definitely value our convenience to get flu shots, so the demand is there. We could expect that continue to grow. And second, we certainly know how to work with our Pharma supporters to manage the inventory a little better next year. So we feel good we'd be able to manage their inventory, as well as the amount of -- and still grow share.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: And Greg, just big picture question for you, do you feel you have everything you need now in terms of the portfolio, now that you've sold off WHI, and you've got the specialty in the Home Infusion businesses in house? Do you have everything you need and it's just a matter of executing and driving up returns from here?
Gregory Wasson: Well, Mark, that's a good question. It's awkward, I think I'm probably naive to say, I think we've got everything we need. I think as we continue to grow, there's always gaps. There's always sophistication and assets that may come available that make sense. But I think we certainly have come a long way, and I think what I'm really enthused with and feel good about is the focus because there's no doubt, and I've said this several times. Our center of gravity are those drugstores, and those drugstores are the center of communities across the country. And more and more focus we get on providing additional services, products and solutions to communities in need, the better off we'll be. So I feel good with some of the divestitures that we've done, because I think it's helping our focus. There certainly will be other gaps and other opportunities for us to continue to drive the business, file buys, prescription file buys, we expect to continue to see, as we talked about earlier. We're going to continue to grow specialty and Infusion business, and that could be through file buy-type opportunities as well. So I never say never, but I think I feel pretty good with the portfolio we've got right now.
Operator: And next, we'll got to Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I thought it was interesting the initiative around educating on 90-day scripts, can you maybe just talk about the relationships you have here with PBMs or managed care companies around the 90-day scripts. Are you getting buy-ins from them around the 90-day, or are they giving you pushback because they're trying to promote their own mailer facilities?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Lisa, a little of both, which doesn't concern me because frankly, the consumer is voting, and the consumer is basically saying, hey, I want to get my chronic medications in a 90-day supply or if I do, I want to be able to use retail. They're voting for that more and more. Certainly, there are obviously others that want to fill those through the mail, and I understand that. The main thing that I think we're getting buy-in from the industry is we're not looking for 90-day supplies at retail to replace the mail benefit. We're looking forward to add to an existing benefit, and it's hard for anyone to debate the facts and the results of adding a 90-day retail benefit to an existing mail benefit. Then you get a higher 90 day utilization, you get improved adherence and compliance, good for the payers, good for the patients, good for everyone. So Lisa, as you would suspect theres probably -- there are some that are pushing back but ultimately, the consumer will vote, the payers will vote. And then in a few years, in my opinion, this will be a norm.
Kermit Crawford: Let me add to that. We did a survey and over 50% of the patients who were getting their 90-day supplies via mail, were unaware that there was a retail option to get their 90-day supply. And we've certainly had the outcome to show when you add a 90-day retail benefit to an existing 30-day, and mail benefit, you both increase adherence, which is addressing our overall company issue around adherence, because the lack of adherence is costing this company somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 billion in additional medical costs, as well as lowering the overall cost to the payer because in the long term, when you have a generic benefit in your plan and 90-day generics is driving higher utilization, it's going to lower the overall costs for the payer.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So Kermit, are you giving better pricing now? I mean, so if you look, generally speaking, the discounts given at mail order versus retail are generally substantially better and from a consumer perspective, they are usually paying two co-pays versus three. Do you have any managed care plans or PBMs [Pharmacy Benefit Manager] today that are willing to give similar pricing to mail to try to entice the person to do 90 days, or it's just the convenience factor of only having to pick up a prescription four times a year instead of 12 times a year?
Wade Miquelon: I would say that pricing is different by customer depending on what they give, what the terms and conditions are, so it varies. So answering that in one answer is difficult to do. But in general, we can provide a very good value proposition that's also good for our margin, good for the payer and good for the patient in a way which makes a 30-90 a win-win-win for everyone.
Gregory Wasson: Lisa, Greg. I want to pile on here a little bit. So I think you can look at a 90-day supply of prescriptions and the convenience that we bring by someone being able to come into our retail pharmacy within the community. Same way you can look at the front-end goods and the value that our convenience brings. People will pay for convenience. They pay for convenience for our front-end products, even though there may be competitive items. And they also pay for the convenience, whether it's an additional co-pay or half a co-pay for it to be able to walk in and see their pharmacist face-to-face. So our convenience, just like it does on the front-end, supports the pharmacy and a differential co-pay, if that's what it requires.
Kermit Crawford: And Lisa, the only thing I would add is that this is about lowering the overall total cost. And what we've seen with the 90-day retail plan is an increase generic utilization and an increase in the adherence. So both of those things lower the overall total costs for the payer. Those are about lowering our overall total costs.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, and I guess one more kind of Walgreen-specific question on this topic though. I mean, Greg, are you seeing that by offering more, people are more aware of the 90-day script, is this what's helping to drive some of your market share, is the belief that you can get this 90-day script at Walgreens, but you can't get it at Joe's Pharmacy, is that part of the drive of where you're getting the incremental market share?
Gregory Wasson: No, not at all, Lisa. I think that certainly, by having the 90-day available and if others don't, then we're going to -- it'll grow our share. But my intent is not to have a 90-day retail prescription available only at Walgreens. I think that the industry will see 90-day retail prescriptions become a norm for retail pharmacy. And so, therefore, I'm not about just only having a 90-day retail prescriptions available at Walgreens.
Wade Miquelon: I couldn't agree more. I think it is going to become an industry standard, and the reason is because it makes sense, right? It makes sense, it's what payers and patients are going to want, because its going to give a better outcome in every way that you can measure it. I guess the one thing is with respect to kind of the IMS market share data, remember, the way they still see it is that 90 days is equal to one, and the 30 days is equal to one. So you wouldn't be able to see that kind of trend in those numbers anyway. But again, I think, it will become an industry standard, because it's hard to argue with the logic of it.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then I know I said it was the last question but just one more, Wade. If we look at this from a cost perspective for Walgreens, is it more cost efficient for you to fill a 90-day script? When we think about profitability, is it more profitable for you to fill a 90-day script or a 30-day script, and do you believe that you lose any traffic by that person only coming in four times a year? And I will stop there.
Gregory Wasson: I guess I would say, again, I mean, Kermit can talk about the actual fill. I mean it doesn't take a lot more cost to fill 90 versus 30, but there sometimes is a pricing offset. In the end though, by driving better adherence and all of that, again, we can win, we can help people stay with their meds. We can be successful that way. So I think from that point of view, it's a win. I would also make with respect to people that are coming in, a large number of people that come in to buy our script either go through the drive-thru, or they don't buy anything else anyway. We learned with drive-thrus that it's not about how do we keep people captive in our store. It's about how we give them what they want. We put the drive-thrus in and once we put the drive-thrus, then our business blossomed. Even though some people thought that, that might have pulled people of the store. And if people want a 90 versus a 30, if we give them what they want, we believe we'll be rewarded over time in lots of ways versus just on particular trips. So Kermit, do you want to add to that?
Kermit Crawford: And I think Lisa, the only thing I'd add to that is when we give our survey, over 2/3 of the people who were getting 30-day product medications in our stores were very likely to switch to a 90-day quantity if they were aware of it. So the people, 95% of the people want choice. They want to have the ability to make choice of where they get their 90-day prescription. 85% of the people in this survey thought that the face-to-face interaction with their pharmacist was important. So much like we do when we put drive-thrus in, we have given the patients what they want, when they want it, and how they want it. So this is more about patient choice, and giving patients what they want in a multi-channel environment. So you can get 30 day, you can get 90 day, you can get it, we can ship it via our mail service, or you can pick it up at our retail pharmacies.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Patricia Baker with Scotia Capital.
Patricia Baker - Scotia Capital Inc.: Two very quick questions. First of all, Wade, both you and Greg referenced the real importance of driving private label. Can you tell us what sort of progress you've made in the second quarter over second quarter last year on a 12-month rolling basis? Have you seen an improvement in penetration?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I don't know if we can give the exact statistics. As you know, our private label tends to be about 20%. We continue to increase that over time, I guess the key thing I would say is we continue to strengthen the team. We've got a very strong private label team. Duane Reade had, not only a strong team, but they are also had great tiered offerings, differentiated offerings in some categories like foods, for example, where we were not strong as them. So I think, really, what I would say is the big story for us is to continue to enhance our capabilities, continue to fill out what I call our architecture in terms of the various tiers and what the brand nomenclature is going to be like across the store, and we just see that we have really tremendous upside here.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Patricia, I'd add, I feel good with not only the team and the talent we put together, as Wade said, but also where we stand at this point in time. We've got two opportunities here. One, we've got a very strong private brand already, in over-the-counter cough and cold, that type of product, that we have the opportunity just to make it even better and drive that even greater. We also have the under penetration I've talked about before in consumer consumables, which is where I think, obviously, the Duane Reade expertise, deal coming out of Loblaw's and the food business can help our existing team there tremendously. So we feel we got good upside there.
Patricia Baker - Scotia Capital Inc.: Okay, and presumably, if you improve the architecture, et cetera, we should be able to see better profitability but over time, the penetration should grow even...
Wade Miquelon: Couple of things, number one, as you know, it's more profitable than base and number two, if executed well, it's really differentiated [ph] just for other retailers too.
Patricia Baker - Scotia Capital Inc.: Somewhat related but not quite, in your opening remarks, Greg, you talked about the pace of remodels of the Duane Reade stores going to pick up in the second half, can you give us a little more color on that? How much of a pickup and exactly, how many stores you might be touching?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think I'll avoid giving numbers, Patricia. I will say this, the reason we're picking up the pace is we're excited with what we're seeing. And I'm sure if you haven't gotten into a few of those stores, you should, because you'd understand exactly why we're excited. So we definitely think we've got a tremendous opportunity in Manhattan. Duane Reade has a tremendous footprint in the market. The existing remodels are doing well, exceeding our expectations and so, therefore, it makes sense to increase pace.
Patricia Baker - Scotia Capital Inc.: Are you making progress at improving their pharmacy because they would have been under-productive pharmacies?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think that's an opportunity for us that Kermit's working on. We're in the process of some of the systems conversions right now. Our pharmacy systems, which will -- once we get that completed, that will allow us to be able to transfer prescriptions from a Duane Reade to a Walgreens across the country, and which is one of the things that really set ourselves apart over the last decade, was to build a -- to transfer scripts around. So yes, I think we're going to build to help them on the pharmacy side of the business just as they brought a lot of value to us in other areas of their business.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from David Magee of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, guys. I guess just a quick observation and then a question. You referenced earlier about the third quarter being sort of a tough comparison, and I recall that as being sort of a disappointing quarter. And I know gross dollars grew, but everything else seemed to be below expectations for the third quarter last year. In fact, the last two third quarters were down on a year-to-year basis. So it seems like that in total, it's really not that tough a comparison, but maybe that's the observation yet -- what I wanted to ask though was just about the gross margin visibility. In the last couple of quarters, when you showed nice FIFO improvement, you talked about some structural improvement with regard to promotions and marketing. Are those still operative on a year-to-year basis, and is that something that should benefit us here in the third quarter?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Dave. I'll take the second, and Wade will get the first one. But yes, I think what we're doing with pricing promotion and the work that Bryan and Kim are doing, certainly, we're continuing to get stronger. I do think that as was mentioned from an earlier caller, that certainly, we're going to begin to see more and more commodity price -- commodity increases and so forth that will challenge us a little bit going forward. But that's exactly what we will have to do is continue to pass on what we can, what makes sense, stay competitive, drive private brand to balance it. So I think that the team is getting stronger. They're getting more focused on achieving that balance.
Wade Miquelon: I guess, like Greg say, with respect to the third quarter, I mean, I think the point we're making is that if you look at the back half of the year, the gross profit is harder to cycle, and the SG&A is easier to cycle, and it comes back to that 100 basis point model. What I would say also in the third quarter, I do recall we have some static in there, I think half the quarter, we had Duane Reade in, then we also had, I believe, a tax adjustment from the healthcare reform, things like that. So I think you have to read all the way through it, but I think what we really want to, I guess, convey is again is factor that structural framework, that construct of gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars, and at the back half, SG&A becomes easier, gross profit dollars become a bit more difficult, and just think about that as you get into your models.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, and that's fair, but the sales numbers, also it seems to me, is sort of an easy comparison too. But just another quick question, what are you seeing right now with regard to your competition and the higher input prices? Are you seeing them trying to hold the line, or are you seeing any movement upward with regard to your peers?
Gregory Wasson: Yes, David, maybe I'll let Mark Wagner jump in, get him a question here. But I would say that we're seeing kind of a mixed bag. There's some out there that are holding, and some that are taking, the market...
Mark Wagner: Yes, that's right, Greg. I mean, we're doing competitive pricing everyday out there across the United States. I mean, we're looking at all our competitors and all our different zones around the United States. We're making pricing. We take price increases. We take price decreases. I mean it's just the everyday nature of our business. I would say that you probably see a little bit more price increasing coming through but at the same time, I mean we're seeing some nice trends in our private brands too as people switch over to something a little more affordable. So we're happy with the share increase we're getting. And we're happy with the execution we're getting in the stores, and staying on top of the pricing.
Operator: That's all we have for the questions today. I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any additional remarks.
Rick Hans: Folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, we'll announce March sales on April 5. Keep in mind that March sales will be negatively impacted by this year's later Easter, which falls on April 24 compared to April 4 last year. The company will report combined comp store sales for March and April with the April sales results. We will report third quarter results on June 21. Until then, thank you for listening. And we look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-12-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional VP of IR and Finance Greg Wasson - President and Chief Executive Officer Wade Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kermit Crawford - President of Pharmacy Services
Analysts: Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company Robert Willoughby - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Mark Miller - William Blair Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Tom Gallucci - Lazard John Heinbockel - Guggenheim David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day everyone and welcome to this Walgreen Company first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time I am pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Hans. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick Hans: Thank you Jennifer and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will discuss the quarters highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our first quarter financial results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Services. When we get to your questions please limit yourself to one. As a reminder todays presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures and I would direct you to our Web site at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also Im available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you have. You can find a link to our Web cast under investor relations on our investor relations Web site. After the call this presentation will be archived on our Web site for 12 months. Were also making that call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our investor relations Web site. Just to remind you, certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectation that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now Ill turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you Rick and thank you everyone for joining us on our call. This morning I want to cover three main points. First Ill review our first quarter financial results. As you saw in our release this morning this was a particularly strong quarter in terms of earnings growth as we continue our focus on gross profit margins and controlling our costs. Id like to point out that we were up against a very strong quarter a year ago as well. Second Ill discuss the economic environment and some of the challenges were likely to face as we move into the second quarter and the balance of the year. And finally I want to highlight our progress in the quarter on our key initiatives, particularly some of the great work our people are doing and also bring you up to speed on our flu shot program. We reported record first quarter sales of $17.3 billion, which are up 6% from $16.4 billion last year. Net earnings for the quarter were $580 million, up almost 19% from $489 million in the same quarter in 2010. First quarter net earnings per diluted share were up 26.5% to a record 62 cents. That compared with 49 cents per diluted share in the first quarter a year ago, which included 3 cents in restructuring and restructure related costs associated with our Rewiring for Growth initiative. Strong cash flow trends continued this quarter with cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion and free cash flow of $892 million. Now taking a more in depth look at the quarter, let me turn to our front end performance. In this chart were comparing our front end performance this quarter to last years first quarter by month. As you can see, we cycled some challenging comparisons in September and October. For the quarter front end comps increased by 0.4% versus 2.7% a year ago. We continue to focus on and enhance our approach to merchandising to strike the right balance between margin and sales. Were sourcing product globally and having great results from our recently opened office in Hong Kong and were managing our pricing models and promotional investments. All of this is having a positive impact on front end margins. We continue to expand our new beer and wine convenience category. Were now in nearly 5000 stores up from just under 2000 in November 2009. And that growth has contributed more than 75 basis points to the front end comp. Our fresh food initiative is bringing healthy products to food (grocers) in Chicago and other select locations and were taking the best of Duane Reades approach to urban retailing and beauty and expanding it into select Walgreens stores. Were also integrating the best of Walgreens pharmacy expertise into Duane Reade. As we roll out our customer centric retailing initiative across the chain were seeing improved sales, increased efficiencies, lower inventory and a better customer experience evidenced by our improved customer satisfaction scores. We call it a four-way win and youll see it reflected in our front end comp, gross margins and SG&A. For second quarter our December holiday season will once again be influenced by the final days. We opened the season with a solid Thanksgiving weekend but this is an important week for us. With our stores open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day were an ideal destination for last minute shoppers. Just as our front end performed well this quarter, our pharmacy turned in solid results especially when you consider double digit script comps in September and October of the prior year. Prescription sales in comparable stores grew 0.9% compared to last year while comparable script growth was 2% over the same quarter last year. Recall that flu shots are included in our script comps. Prescription sales accounted for nearly 66% of sales in the quarter and climbed 5.3% compared to the same quarter last year. As of November 30th we increased our leading retail prescription market share 40 basis points from a year ago to 19.7%. Even with our strong results this quarter we believe its important to remain very focused on the economic outlook and the challenges it presents for our business in the quarters ahead. Unemployment remains high at 9.8% across the country. Spending on discretionary items remains slow and value continues to be a priority for customers. We are convinced that the new consumer focused on convenience, value and day to day necessities is here to stay. And we intend to be well positioned to serve her needs. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued pressure from third party payers including the government. While its too early to speculate on the eventual impact of AWP, states will continue to experience budget difficulties and as a result we anticipate increased reimbursement pressures. While we face uncertainty in the economic and political environment, our results this quarter demonstrate that the execution of our core strategies is generating the results we want to achieve. Were seeing the impact of slowing store openings in our performance. Were on track for store openings of 2-1/2 to 3% in fiscal 2011 compared with nearly 9% growth just three years earlier. Our efforts to enhance the customer experience are gaining momentum. CCR along with other initiatives is helping us serve customers more effectively and is driving better results for the front end. And we continue to remain focused on our cost reduction and productivity efforts to provide $1 billion in savings by the end of fiscal 2011 versus our base year of 2008. The impact of these savings efforts is clear when you look at the progress we have made in SG&A dollar growth this quarter and over the last few years. To give you a sense of how deeply our strategies are penetrating here is a look at CCR through Q1. We have converted or opened approximately 2100 CCR stores, which is nearly 30% of the chain. By the end of 2011 we will have reached our plan of more than 70% of the chain or approximately 5500 existing stores transitioned to CCR. Now let me provide a brief update on our flu program. As we mentioned in our last call, we have 26,000 certified immunizing pharmacists across our store base plus nurse practitioners and take care clinics to deliver flu shots all day every day. As a result, through the end of the first quarter we were able to administer 5.6 million flu shots, more shots than we were able to provide last year in the middle of the H1N1 pandemic. Today aside from the federal government Walgreens provides more flu shot immunizations than any other single entity in America. This is part of our overall initiative to transform community pharmacy and give our highly trained and skilled pharmacists and nurse practitioners the opportunity to provide access to care and preventative services in a way that no one else can. And our efforts in flu are just beginning. Were taking our proven expertise and expanding into the nearly $40 billion total immunization market. Let me make one final comment on the flu. We dont know how the rest of the season will play out. There are fewer shots being administered across the country this season but with strong support from our vendors and a 2 cent per share flu vaccine inventory write off this quarter we believe there is minimal inventory risk for the rest of the season. At the same time we are prepared to continue serving our customers who come in for flu shots. With our strategies in place we have a strong foundation to achieve our financial objectives. At analyst day we stated a goal of increasing gross profit dollar growth by 100 basis points faster than SG&A dollar growth. And with the upcoming generic wave gross profit dollar growth becomes a critical top line metric. Wade will get into this in more detail but I want to provide some context. As you can see from this chart, this quarter were getting the relationship between gross profit dollar growth and SG&A dollar growth right. The impact of the recession into late 2009, generic cycles from a high point in 2007 to a low in third quarter 2010 and meaningful reimbursement impact in 2010 all affected our gross profit dollar growth across quarters. We clearly must continue to manage the impact all these issues have on our business. As we make progress working for example with states and payers to find solutions on reimbursement for all stakeholders and continue to generate momentum on our initiatives, our goal is to create solid gross profit dollar growth. In terms of SG&A dollars, you can see weve had periods when SG&A dollar growth exceeded gross profit dollar growth. Our goal over the past several years has been to create a culture where cost efficiency and a focus on productivity are always part of our decision set. As our results show on this quarter, were right on track. We are in the final year of our rewire initiative. We expect to reach $1 billion in savings and transition the discipline of rewire into continuous process improvement innovation to make it part of our DNA. Our goal continues to be annual SG&A growth of 6-1/2 to 7-1/2% for fiscal 2011, which includes costs associated with the restructuring, Duane Reade and new store openings. At the same time though we expect we will continue to have some of the volatility you see on this chart from quarter to quarter even as we keep our growth target in sight. Keep that volatility in mind as you consider our performance in the second quarter, which is typically driven by seasonal sales and cough, cold and flu, all of which we cant predict in advance. Shifting from SG&A, I want to conclude by emphasizing our commitment to creating value for shareholders. Over our history we have paid a dividend for 312 straight quarters and raised our dividend for 35 consecutive years. In the last eight years the companys dividend has grown at a compound annual growth rate of nearly 22%. And in the last two years we have returned a record amount of cash back to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Last July the board approved a dividend increase of 27.3% compared to the year ago dividend and during the quarter we paid out 17-1/2 cents in dividends per share. As a part of our share repurchase programs we completed our $2 billion initiative, buying $360 million in company stock. We launched our newly announced $1 billion share repurchase program with a purchase of an additional $150 million. These share repurchases added 4 cents of EPS to our quarterly results. Through both the dividend and share repurchase programs we have returned a total of $676 million to shareholders in the quarter, putting us on track to continue our tradition of creating meaningful, long-term shareholder value. Before I turn it over to Wade I want to wrap up by saying that while we are very pleased with this quarter we are far from complacent. We still face a difficult economic and political environment with a lot of uncertainty and we dont expect our competitors to stand still either. Nonetheless, it is great to see our strategies yielding the results all of us expect from our company. These results reaffirm our belief in the work were doing and in our conviction that we can become MyWalgreens for everyone in America. Thats what were focused on, making the most of our center of gravity, our 7600 stores, owning outright the strategic territorial well. We want to ensure when customers experience Walgreens they know we are there to help them live well, stay well and get well. Delivering products that meet customers everyday needs and providing solutions that improve prevention and chronic disease management, we are focused on becoming Americas first choice for health and daily living needs. As we do that right we will deliver value for customers, for our 244,000 employees who are working hard this season and for our shareholders. In closing today I want to thank all of our employees who have done so much over the past couple of years to make our results this quarter a reality. Were asking people to work differently and think differently and I know its not always easy. But Walgreens people are resilient and committed. We wouldnt be here today without all of their hard work and good ideas. So thank you to every one of our employees who is doing what it takes to make this such a great company. With that Ill turn the call over to Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you Greg and good morning everyone. This morning Ill review our financial results in more detail including a discussion of recent gross margin and SG&A trends. Ill take you through our other key financial metrics and Ill update you on our front end and pharmacy activity. Greg covered our sales and earnings so Im going to start off this morning with some detail on our prescriptions. Prescription sales increased by 5.3% accounting for 65.8% of sales in the quarter. We filled 202 million prescriptions, an increase of 4.6% from a year ago including 0.8 percentage points from patients filling more 90-day versus 30-day prescriptions. Pharmacy comp sales increased by 0.9%, front end comp sales increased by 0.4% and total comp sales increased by 0.8%. Finally, our script comp increased by 2% versus the challenging 9.2% a year ago. As Greg detailed, we were cycling difficult comps in the quarter from the impact of H1N1 on both our front end and our pharmacy. Because of those difficult year over year flu comparisons, traffic was down 0.9% for the quarter but were very pleased the basket improved by 1.3%. Turning to gross profit, our margins increased by 80 basis points in the quarter to 28.5% while our gross profit increased by $407 million or 9%. As in fourth quarter 2010, our front end margins improved significantly year over year as a result of improved merchandising including promotions and pricing, sell through and other efficiencies. Recall in the year ago quarter we had markdowns associated with our CCR inventory reductions. Last year we had $28 million of inventory impact versus only $1 million this year. On the pharmacy side margins were up slightly benefitting from generics but partially offset by reimbursement pressure. We also began cycling the impact of AWP, which went into effect in September of 2009. To help you better understand the quarterly progression of our gross margin lets look more closely at how margins have progressed over the past six quarters. This chart illustrates the directional impact of the front end and the pharmacy and provides the combined impact year over year. In this quarter as in last quarter, we were comping lower front end margins. Each of the last four quarters has seen improvement in the front end, making increasing gross margin gains more challenging to achieve. In pharmacy we were comping a positive margin driven a year ago by generics. Finally, a couple other considerations as you model our margins and gross profit dollar growth for future quarters. First, we will continue to see some volatility resulting from timing of generic introductions. As we said before, we expect a lift from new generics in 2011 to be less than the lift we received in 2010. In addition, January is typically the month when the benefit plans reset and we see some changes. As a result, we expect to see some incremental reimbursement pressure. Id like to now turn to our SG&A trends. As Greg highlighted, SG&A dollars increased by $263 million or 7% on a GAAP basis versus 7.4% a year ago and a two-year stacked SG&A of 14.4%. Now this compares favorably to our previous first quarter two-year stacks highlighted in the graph, stepping down steadily from 28% in 2008. This graph adjusts SG&A further for Duane Reade and Rewire. Our two-year stacked SG&A growth fully adjusted is 10.3%, an even more favorable comparison to our prior years adjusted two-year stack growth, which showed a steady decrease from 28% in 2008. Looking at the first quarter more closely you can see that we reported SG&A growth of 7%. Duane Reade was our major swing factor in the quarter, impacting SG&A by 20 basis points or $8 million from acquisition expenses and by 410 basis points from operating expenses, leaving us with core SG&A growth in the quarter of 2.9%. Our net costs for Rewire had a 20 basis point positive impact on our reported quarter as they were lower than a year ago. With respect to Duane Reade let me remind you that we continue to expect approximately 2 cents of net profit dilution in this fiscal year. Taking a look at SG&A growth by quarter for fiscal 2010 you can see that last year our second quarter SG&A growth was 5.1% due to a slow down in our CCR roll out and solid cost management in light of an earlier flu season last year. This will be a particularly difficult quarter from an SG&A compare standpoint. In the third and fourth quarters SG&A growth stepped up as a result of our Duane Reade acquisition and these fluctuations demonstrate that unique drivers impact both our gross profit and our SG&A dollar growth. While we may continue to experience volatility on a quarterly basis, I want to remind everyone of our longer term SG&A goals and how this quarter fits into that framework. As we stated at analyst day, we have an SG&A dollar growth goal of 6.5-7.5% for fiscal 2011 with the following building blocks. Our goal for SG&A growth attributable to new store openings is 2.5-3% for the year. In this quarter it was up 3% as a result of the impact from lower new store openings. In the quarter we opened about 60 fewer stores than last year while next quarter we expect to equal last years pace for store openings. Our goal for SG&A attributable to our business mix and inflation is about 2 to 2-1/2% for the year. But in the first quarter it was actually down 0.1%. This is a tribute to the fantastic store level expense control in the quarter in spite of continued wage inflation and business investment SG&A pressure. Finally, we anticipate an SG&A impact from Duane Reade acquisition and our restructuring initiatives to be about 2% for the year. Remember we will cycle out of this in April so almost half of the year will not be impacted by Duane Reade. However, this entire quarter did include the Duane Reade impact. In summary, we believe 6.5-7.5% is the appropriate fiscal 2011 goal given what we know today. We hope all this gives you better understanding of the volatility were experiencing quarter to quarter and the building blocks of our SG&A and the progress that we have made over the past couple of years. And finally I want to tie all this back to our financial goals, particularly how we will work to return to consistent double digit earnings per share growth. As we have said, after respective inputs to our model, SG&A is where we believe we have the greatest control. Our long-term goal is 3.5-4.5% growth. To meet our long-term goal of double digit EPS growth we need to grow gross profit dollars by about 100 basis points more than our SG&A dollars. And as we meet our financial goals we will continue to include our shareholders in that success. As you know, we completed our $2 billion share repurchase authorization this quarter and we have announced and executed against our new $1 billion authorization. Now Id like to give you some more detail on some of the initiatives that helped lead to our results this quarter. As you know, our Rewire assumptions are incorporated into the SG&A goals but we will continue to provide quarterly detail through the completion of the program. We are on track for $1 billion in savings by the end of this fiscal year and this quarter we recorded an incremental savings of 9 cents versus the year ago period related to our Rewire initiatives. Restructuring charges in the quarter were $8 million and we anticipate approximately $40 million in related expenses in the remaining months of fiscal 2011. Since inception we have incurred $366 million on our Rewire program.  Our total annual benefit run rate is now at 55 cents per share versus our 2008 base. Turning to our income statement, we increased our LIFO provision in the quarter to 2%, up from 1.8% a year ago, giving us a LIFO charge of $42 million versus $34 million a year ago. Our net interest expense of $20 million is on trend with the year ago as is our tax rate of 37%. As a result of our share repurchases, our average shares outstanding including dilution were 934 million, down 5.9% from last years 993 million share count. Cash and short-term investments were $2.1 billion, down from last years $3.2 billion. While our cash and short-term investments are down, we have been very active over the past 12 months. We invested $1 billion in capital expenditures, $1.1 billion in Duane Reade including assumption of debt and $252 million in final buys and other acquisitions. And we also returned $2.6 billion to shareholders. This was all funded by very strong cash flow generation. Accounts receivable, inventories and payables are the working capital components that we can most directly impact. Accounts receivable were $2.5 billion or down 4.1% versus the prior year due to changes in Medicare Part D payment terms and offset partially by Duane Reade. LIFO inventories of $7.9 billion were up 5.8% year over year, which includes $300 million in Duane Reade inventories. Accounts payable were just short of $5 billion, down 1.7% versus last year. Looking more closely at our inventory trends, total FIFO inventories increased by 6.6% against a total drugstore count increase of 7.1% including Duane Reade. On a per store inventory basis inventories decreased by 0.4% following a decrease of 13.7% a year ago. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $1.2 billion and on trend with last years $1.2 billion. Free cash flow of $892 million was slightly higher than last years $864 million and we expect capital expenditures for the year to be about $1.4 billion. For my final set of metrics I will update our front end and pharmacy productivity performance. This chart gives our front end sales per store by class of year and it shows that sales increased from Year 1 to Year 5 by 44-51%, which Ive highlighted here for you. Despite a tough economy and our focus on rebalancing margin and sales, our performance stands up to last year, which we feel very good about. In addition, our sales by class year remain very close to our averages. Looking at first year sales, the last nine class years you can see that front end sales have averaged about $2 million per store each class year. When we recognize that recent first year sales are slightly lower than average but especially in light of current economic conditions and with our CCR goal to increase front end sales productivity balanced with margins, we are pleased that these first year numbers are remaining steady over time. On the pharmacy side of our business scripts more than doubled from Year 1 to Year 5 and our 2005 stores, the most recent class of stores with five years in operation, are performing quite well. Theyre posting the highest growth in scripts per day as well as the most scripts per day per store. And first year script counts continue to average between 110 and 120 scripts per day. So as you can see, the numbers show our pharmacies are continuing to turn into a consistent performance despite one of the most challenging economies we have faced in years and factors such as a number of new 24-hour stores and the slower introduction of blockbuster drugs. Now I want to close today emphasizing that we are very pleased with our performance this quarter. We posted strong earnings with an emphasis on cost control. Gross profit dollar growth and SG&A growth are trending in the right direction although we remain focused on the continuing volatility in our quarter to quarter performance. But nonetheless we feel we are on the right track to meet our goals. Our strategies are yielding the results that we expect and we are creating value for all of our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your support and with that Im going to turn the call back over to Rick for Q&A.
Rick Hans: Thank you Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. If you would like to ask a question please do so by pressing the star key followed by the digit 1 on your touchtone telephone. If you are using a speakerphone please be sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again that is star, 1 on your touchtone telephone to ask a question. And our first question will come from Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on the fruition of a lot of what youve been working on. I wanted to ask you I think at the analyst day you laid out about it was around 500 million of dollars over last fiscal year of expenses from AWP and generics and reimbursement pressures and I think everybody understands this year that as you said, its less controllable for you all given its partly political and other pressures. But could you help us give us qualitatively your sense of to what degree it will be less this year? I assume you think itll be less. And maybe even quantitatively if you have some kind of range budget, how much less those expenses might be this year?
Wade Miquelon: You know Andy, Im not going to give a specific number. I mean I think we said last year that last year in terms of about half a billion dollar step up in reimbursement pressure and again a combination of things like AWP, less generics, etcetera. But there is certainly reimbursement pressure that exists. Well have some this year. I think Ive said that we dont anticipate its going to be as tough as last year. So with that Ill leave it there.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Andy, you know and I think what we had said several times is that 2010, all that coming together last year was against a pretty good year on 2009. So we dont expect the hurdle to be as much. The other thing we do know is that 2011 will have less new generic introductions than 2010. But were hoping that all that that came together in 2010 was pretty huge impact to have to go against over 2009.
Wade Miquelon: There are unknowns too. AWP agreement, the impact of that remains to be seen so I think even there are things that we just dont know as well.
Andrew Wolf: Okay. I appreciate that. But I mean I think most people are looking at this and saying generics, I think youve been talking about it, a lot less pressure. Reimbursements at least on the private side - less pressure. Is it fair to say the government and the state Medicaid as they look at AWP, thats where the most variability might come in?
Greg Wasson: Yeah. I think Andy were going to continue to see pressure across all buckets, commercial, government and states and I think well continue to do what we have done over the years. Certainly were going to negotiate for fair and predictable rates as we have in the past. We have got to begin to provide and continue to provide value added services that help reduce the entire medical cost, not just pharmacy such as immunizations and so forth and certainly keep a focus on our costs. With that said, I think the plans typically reset in January and so I think weve got to keep that in mind for Q2. I think the states we will see as they try to manage their budgets, theyre going to continue to look for ways to reduce costs. And thats the reason weve got to get to them with solutions that are beyond just pharmacy reimbursement but helping them on their medical costs with our take care clinics and everything else that we think we can do to help them so in addition to the increase in generic utilization here. So were going to continue to see pressure but I think we understand that. Were going to continue to work to provide value.
Andrew Wolf: Okay. And just I wanted to ask on the basket size being up in dollars, if you can give us a flavor for whether any of that was item comps, was that all on the price side? And just if it was price driven, was it actually getting some price increasing in the drugstore categories or was it more efficient promoting?
Greg Wasson: Yeah. I would say Andy, it was a little bit of both as far as item and price. But I think Brian and Kim as Ive said and I think this past quarter I feel good with how they have managed their price and promotion. I think theyve really gotten laser focused on finding the right items to drive value in both the everyday items that we have as well as in the ads and making sure that were buying better. I think better sourcing, which has created less markdowns over the past quarter and the quarter before. So I think its kind of all of the above. I think they have really done a nice job figuring out how to drive and shop value for the consumer with key items.
Andrew Wolf: Okay. And what percent of the SKUs, this being my last question, that you took out of the store, what percent or maybe in hundreds have you kind of put back in where you kind of overdid it on some of the rationalization?
Wade Miquelon: Its really just in the low hundreds, a couple hundred SKUs. I mean I think and given the magnitude of the circa 5000 SKU reduction Id say that they were pretty close to the mark. We had some opportunities but again, weve added back just a couple hundred SKUs.
Andrew Wolf: Got it. All right. Well, thanks a lot.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Andy.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. So I think youre hinting that we should not extrapolate the first quarter results into the second quarter. It seems like there are some tougher compares. So my question is that if holiday sales are strong and then we get into January and February and flu, cough and cold are up year over year and they were basically non-existent last year, can you see nice earnings growth in the second quarter? I guess I also want to understand your front end gross margin improvement in the context of some of the promotions youre running right now. So first, what level of vendor support are you receiving from programs like Jingle Cash or is it all self funded? And how should we think of your level of promotion activity during the holiday season year over year? And then finally, how with the promotional program of spend 25 get a $5 coupon, does that work mathematically so gross margins are not pressured? So I mean theres a lot in there.
Wade Miquelon: Okay. Thats a lot so Ill start and then maybe Greg can take it. And if we miss something youll have to come back and help us circle the wagons here.
Scott Mushkin: Sure. Sorry its a lot.
Wade Miquelon: I think this is definitely a very, very good quarter so we feel good about that. Moving ahead I mean were focused really on getting back to those long-term goals. So I think that the message here is that quarter to quarter in any given quarter there can be some volatility up or down and we really want to keep people focused on kind of the more longer term picture of creating value. There are some unknowns still in the quarter. Well see how the holiday season finishes out. Well see if we get cough, cold. All those thing will help. So I think all were really saying is first and foremost there will be some quarterly volatility. But we remain committed over the long haul to deliver these goals. And we feel that were off to a very good start for the fiscal.
Greg Wasson: Yeah. Scott, hopefully Im not repeating what Wade said, Im trying to get to your questions. I do think that as you said, Q2 is highly dependent on Christmas sales, holiday sales and certainly cough, cold and flu. We dont know how that will turn out. Its hard to predict. And were certainly going to drive as much as we possibly can. To your point, we are against some tough compares in both SG&A from last year. We did a nice job last year because of a weak flu season and weak holiday sales with cost containment and managing SG&A. And with gross margin as well if you recall because of the less markdowns last year we had a pretty good margin increase in December, which offset the tough comps. So we do have some tough compares. But at the same time were going to continue to drive price and promotion. We think a lot of our initiatives that are clicking in will help. Keep in mind and I think we did say at the same time, we do have the January time period when third party plans typically reset and we may see some incremental reimbursement pressure there. But you put all that in together and were going to continue to focus on driving GP above SG&A as we stated in our goal to be at the annual meeting at the analyst day.
Scott Mushkin: So thats really great color. So it sounds to me its safe to say that how goes sales is kind of how goes second quarter because of some of the tough compares. Is that fair to say?
Greg Wasson: I would say obviously top line is everything but I think its all three. I think weve got to drive comps as we said. But it will be how we manage the gross profit and the margin, SG&A and how we manage that against those tough compares from last year.
Scott Mushkin: And then getting into the Jingle Cash promotion and I know I threw a lot into my first question but how do I look at that from a mathematically I mean $25 spend and get a $5 coupon to use in a week? Is there a level of lift that we should be looking for when you report your December sales in January where we know the program has been successful?
Greg Wasson: Scott, obviously were still analyzing the performance of it as we speak. It ends I think its actually tomorrow. So I think its been a good promotion. Ill tell you from awareness standpoint such as youre aware of it yourself, I think its been a great promotion from us. Were analyzing the numbers now. Well know more as we complete the program. But I think it was a good opportunity for us to get out there on national TV and advertising. I think we have driven awareness and I think weve driven people in our stores because of it.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. And then the final question and Ill yield the floor. When we look at Duane Reade and we have been very impressed and we ran a whole note about that, and we look at Walgreens and some of the stores in your urban areas, I mean how quickly can you get some of these stores, Duane Reade-ized? And are there 1000 stores in the Walgreens portfolio that can bring in most of what Duane Reade is doing? And what would the costs be and how quickly could that be done?
Wade Miquelon: I guess I would say is were not going to just do a cut and paste of what weve done at Duane Reade. I mean what Duane Reade has done is right for Duane Reade and there are elements of that that are right at different stores and different permutations. So were already taking many of the learnings across whether its private label or beauty or fresh, etcetera. But again, there is not going to be just one cut and paste that goes back across the whole franchise.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Scott and Ill weigh in here. I think the way to look at Duane Reade in addition to what it gave us in New York as the leading position in that market, many of their initiatives that youre talking about really support the initiatives we have in place. Private brand - were expanding and enhancing private brand. Theyve got some great expertise there so were going to bring that together and be able to accelerate that. Their upscale beauty, fresh food - the good thing is they really complement and enhance many of our initiatives, which will help us accelerate. So it really wont be just a plug and play of 1000 stores here, 1000 stores there. It really depends on what makes sense across the entire footprint for us to put in place. There may be some stores where we expand grocery, there may be some stores where an upscale beauty offering makes sense and there may be others where it doesnt. So itll be - its pretty much just helping us accelerate the initiatives and thats the reason we think we have such a tremendous opportunity in the front end of our stores. CCR is the beginning and these initiatives now will help us really drive the front end.
Scott Mushkin: Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions. I really appreciate it.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Thanks Scott.
Operator: And our next question will come from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Hey Wade. I was a bit surprised that cash flow wouldnt be up more year over year on the stronger earnings. Are you scraping the bottom of the pickle barrel on the working capital improvement? And then just secondarily, do you have a share base goal for fiscal 11 that you mentioned?
Wade Miquelon: Well, theyre still pricing more pickles in there. I think recall a year ago I think we had same store inventory down around 14% or something. So thats part of what just cycling that kind of number. And in these numbers now of course we have if you extracted Duane Reade and the impact they have of receivable, payable and inventory, actually the numbers would look a little bit more impressive. So I think we certainly have opportunities in working capital and in particular inventory and were focused against that and well continue to drive that. With respect to the share goal, I mean I really cant speculate. As you know, weve got the billion dollar program out there. Weve announced that wed like to complete that within two years. How fast again well go with that remains to be seen.
Robert Willoughby: Okay. And lastly, just on if you look at the Lipitor opportunity can you remind us are you expecting a better gross profit dollar per script on that product or will there be pressure on that gross margin dollar?
Wade Miquelon: Yeah. I think Robert any time with a generic you will see an increased gross profit per dollar. So how much itll be is yet to be determined but certainly over the branded product well see an increased gross profit.
Robert Willoughby: Thats great. Thank you.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Miller with William Blair.
Mark Miller: Hi. Good morning. My question is on the CCR store remodels. Youre not providing the breakout by category and you didnt comment on the lift and probably because a lot of the initiatives here apply across the whole chain. But would you be willing to sort of break some of the prior comments on the comp lift youre seeing versus control stores? Are you seeing a different rate of gross margin improvement in those remodeled stores? If you can comment on the cost of running those stores with fewer SKUs and any further customer research you have done on those.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Mark, Greg. I do think your first point is right on. We have actually had 2200 or so stores that are actually converted. But you know, a lot of what were doing in CCR now is embedded throughout the entire chain. So I think that is whats helping us with our comp and our margins and so forth. With that said, were seeing good customer satisfaction scores. Were continuing to see efficiencies in the stores themselves with more holding power of the best selling items, less stock room inventories. So therefore thats helping us with store labor. It is our four-way win that were looking for. So the trends that we shared in quarters before are still for the most part directionally the same. And but it gets more difficult as we spread most of CCR throughout the entire chain to compare and convert the store to the rest of the chain.
Mark Miller: Okay. And then my other question is on purchasing and sourcing. I guess were talking a lot about the things that Walgreen is doing, interfacing with the customer and the assortment. But Id like to look at the other side and think about initial markup. Can you just tell us again where we are with direct imports? You did highlight some initial gains but I guess my understanding is Walgreens is still very underdeveloped in terms of contracting and bringing your own product out of the Orient. So where are we in that and just give us if there was any long range objectives you can share, thatd be helpful.
Greg Wasson: Well, yeah Mark, I think we are probably in the beginning stages. We have sourced product from the Orient for years. Obviously we used a third party entity to help us with that and so we have set up an office in Hong Kong. We have got folks over there that are beginning to become educated and more informed as far as what we can do directly ourselves. We feel good there. But we are in the beginning stages.
Wade Miquelon: And we have also made a lot of broadly, both domestically and overseas, a lot of inroads on better private label buying or private brand buying I should say. And I think that well only get better and better in that domain as well.
Mark Miller: And just a final question if you think about the gross margin change on the front end, how much of it would you say would be reduction of markdowns, more appropriate promotion if you will versus improvement in the initial markup?
Wade Miquelon: I think its all the factors we laid out, right? Its more effective pricing, more effective promotion, less markdowns. I mean I think all of the more effective use of funds, straight funds, I think all of those I would say are fairly balanced. There is no one in particular that stands out.
Mark Miller: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And next well take a question from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning to you. My primary question relates to expenses. Clearly some terrific progress here at the core. You guided to 6-1/2 to 7-1/2% SG&A growth for the year. You were 7% this quarter and store growth is going to come down progressively. So any reason why the SG&A growth wouldnt - why this wouldnt be the quarter of highest SG&A growth and why you might not see decelerating cost growth from here?
Wade Miquelon: I think part of what will help guide you is to go back and look at that year ago trend and where we cycle. In particular last year the second quarter was a very good quarter for SG&A so thats one of the harder ones to cycle. And then as you move forward a month or two post that we move out of Duane Reade. That helps us. So I think really I would just guide you to look at the various building blocks weve given and then also to look at the year ago period for kind of a two-year stacked look at some of those.
Matthew Fassler: And are there any incremental cost cutting initiatives Wade, that you have implemented since the commencement of the fiscal year that could contribute incrementally to that expense decline?
Wade Miquelon: I think what were trying to do is rather than get into these once every periodic major cost cutting efforts or reengineering or whatever efforts, were trying to really made kind of reengineering cost discipline a way of life so that we dont get into that position. And so well see what additional benefit comes beyond the billion in future years. But I guess what I would say is were really looking at it as how do we continually transform and reengineer to be as effective as possible in all areas.
Greg Wasson: And this is Greg. Id like to add to that. Obviously were going to continue to look for opportunities but at the same time we need to continue to look for strategic investments to grow some of the future parts of our business. And Ive talked about before, e-commerce and our sales organizations and so forth. So a lot of that will be obviously it will help offset the cost of strategic investments. But we need to continue to invest in the future of this company and where we need to put resources.
Matthew Fassler: And just by way of quick follow up on the cash flow, the only line item that stood out was the payables were shook coming off of that year on year. Im just interested in what drove that and what kind of trend you might expect for payables to inventory going forward.
Wade Miquelon: For the payables piece?
Matthew Fassler: Yes.
Wade Miquelon: Well, payables in part is again impact with the mix effect of Duane Reade year on year as well as there is just some of the impact in the various plans and the particular timing of those plans. So I think payables over the long haul is averaged out as pretty consistent. But quarter to quarter you get some of the quarter end effects. And like I said, we also had Duane Reade in there, which we didnt have a year ago.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you so much.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Lazard.
Tom Gallucci: Good morning. Happy holidays to everybody. Just on the SG&A buildup that you showed Wade, it seemed like the big delta in the quarter anyway was on the inflation business mix and investment line. Now I know you sort of held your goal steady for the year overall. Was that line a lot better than you were looking for in the quarter or was there something in particular that you had expected it to be lower this quarter?
Wade Miquelon: I mean I think it was pretty much in line with where we expected for the quarter. And like I said, part of it is always how you look at the quarter is what youre cycling the year prior. And again, if you look forward again, Q2 last year we had a lot of very solid intervention so we had a very robust quarter. And then again in the latter quarters we had Duane Reade, which had an impact. So I think were all focused here very aggressively on trying to reduce costs. Part of what for our $1 billion program a big part of that was transforming community pharmacy, about a quarter of that. And over the last couple of quarters the pharmacy folks have done a terrific job of stepping it to the next level of savings. So I think you also saw that coming through in both Q4 of last fiscal as well as Q1 of this fiscal. So thats probably the single biggest chunk in there.
Tom Gallucci: Okay. And Im not sure if I missed it, you were sort of expecting the incremental 385 million to get to that billion on Rewire. Where were you short of the quarter at this point?
Greg Wasson: I think year on year we had a step up of 9 cents.
Tom Gallucci: Right.
Greg Wasson: Right. So I mean pretty much in terms of that complete step up and that delta by the way - remember we had a goal of zero net and then 500 million net for last fiscal and then a billion step up. But were very on track to do that. Its 55 cents is what we right now, our annual run rate kind of versus our 2008 baseline. And our total goal for a billion is about 54 cents. So there is a little bit more to step up but were most of the way home.
Tom Gallucci: Okay. And last one - I know there is still some time left here thats sort of unpredictable but you had a 15 million I think vaccination sort of goal on the flu side of things. Have you changed that or updated it at this point given some of the slow start?
Kermit Crawford: So Tom, this is Kermit. So first of all, at the end of this week well have administered over 6 million flu shots, really more than any other retail provider in this country. And as Greg said earlier, were still the single largest provider of flu shots other than the US government. So if you think about the conference call we had with HHS and CDC last week, we have administered over 6% of all flu shots that were given in this country. And thats up from our 3.5% market share a year ago so we have had strong support from our vendors. You saw where we wrote off the 2 cents in the vaccine inventory in the first quarter. And we sort of cant speculate how the rest of the flu season will play out but I will tell you we were very aggressive this year and we will again be aggressive next year. Our goal is to remain the leading provider of flu shots in this country. And last year we disappointed a lot of our customers by not having that inventory. And that wont happen in this flu season.
Tom Gallucci: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim.
John Heinbockel: Hey guys. Two things I wanted to drill down on so number one, how do you feel about the balance between front end margin improvement and front end comp? And what opportunity is there to make some investments? Again, you want to be careful about demand elasticity but make some investments to see if you can move the front end comp dial a bit. And if you did that, do you think it would it be more productive to do something promotionally or to tinker with shelf pricing?
Greg Wasson: John, Greg. Obviously thats the art of retailing, right, youre asking. I think yeah, were managing that very well. And there is opportunity to continue to invest, to drive comp for sure and well continue to look for those opportunities. But I think right now I think were striking the right balance. I think were swinging doors. We were down a little bit in customer count in the quarter but that was against a very strong flu season as you know last year. So I think that were using our money and our spend properly and well continue to look for ways if there is an opportunity to invest to continue to drive comp we will. But I feel good with the balance we have achieved.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah. I would completely echo that. I think any time you go after smart sales you might see a little bit of toughness in the comp but it shows up in the earnings. But I think on top of that our folks are doing a terrific job of making our store experience better and also making sure that the items are more relevant, that we have more solutions. And I think over time youre going to see that thats going to be kind of the next meaningful bump versus just promoting.
John Heinbockel: Because if you look at you talk about value longer term and in a tougher economy, where do you think your value perception stands today at the front end? And do you think longer term the price gap versus discount type retailers versus drug guys, do you think that price gap on HBOTC needs to come down or its okay where it is because of the superior convenience?
Greg Wasson: I think that the delta that I talk about a lot John, I think we monitor that to make sure that were right, were not over, that delta doesnt become too large to where we lose the convenience factor. But yeah, I think were right. I think that our convenience will indeed a delta between us and a mass retailer. Now believe me, weve got to watch that. There are items that we bring down and then others that we try to compensate for that. But I think we still have - our convenience still affords us a delta but I think then beyond that its what Wades talking about. There are other ways to shop value. As we come in with beer and wine and a better experience and fresh food and serving the food desert locations within the south side of Chicago. That affords you elasticity John. So I think were managing our delta well and I think that convenience will afford us that in the long term.
Wade Miquelon: And just to reiterate what Greg said, people arent looking for price. Theyre looking for value. And I think value can be served through enhanced private brand program, our pharmacy services, the things were doing and expanding the role of the pharmacist. All of these things versus other alternatives we think we can provide meaningful value.
John Heinbockel: All right. And then finally how much visibility do you have on the January 1st contract changes, term changes? And do you think - I know relations with the PBMs have been getting better given what Hal has been up to - but theyre going to be under a little bit of pressure too this next nine months because of whats happening with generics. Do you think that leads to more pressure in 2011 than comes off in 2012? And do you have visibility on that now? Or what are you thinking?
Wade Miquelon: The pressure wont be getting any worse than its been historically.
Kermit Crawford: So John, I think there is constant pressure on reimbursement as plans look for ways to lower their overall costs. And typically plans do reset the rates in January and some of the benefit design changes, which we do expect. But when we think about how we are working with our partners and/or payers, its more about bringing value. When you look at some of the programs that we have put in place around adherence that drive more adherence, programs like WOW, where were actually doing screenings for patients with diabetics, growing/driving more adherence on their medications - all these things are leading to decrease in the number of blindness, amputations, kidney failures. So were helping them to lower the overall medical costs and really bring more value than just looking at a reimbursement rate on 30-day scripts.
John Heinbockel: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks John.
Operator: And our last question will come from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee: Yeah. Hi. Good morning guys. A good quarter.
Greg Wasson: Hi David. Thanks.
David Magee: Really just have a two-part generic question. Generics were positive here in terms of year to year impact on the last couple quarters I believe. Im just curious what you think about this current quarter. Or do we now turn into more of a negative year over year impact for the next couple of quarters? And then later next year, anything different with regard to what you see with the generic wave in terms of timing of the different drugs so for the next year or so and how they come to market and what the reimbursements might be?
Kermit Crawford: David, just real quick, although the impact of this quarter was positive, I mean we expect that the gross profit impact of new generics will be slightly a step down this year versus last year. And the way you look at generics, we mentioned it in our analyst day, is that some of the big generics that are coming, the Lipitors and things, are really going to impact us FY12. So I dont think much has changed since our last quarter on the impact of new generics and how we look at it.
Wade Miquelon: And with respect to quarterly outlook Q2 and Q3 last year were not particularly good generic quarters, right? So in terms of if there is a little bit of step down year on year but for the next couple of quarters were circling what was a pretty dry base as well.
David Magee: I see. But then later next year in late 2011 and 2012 anything different that you have seen that would (change the nature)?
Wade Miquelon: Pretty much what we have seen at the analyst day remains our current best thinking.
David Magee: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thanks David.
Rick Hans: Well folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Well announce December monthly sales on January 5th. Our next investor relations event will be our annual shareholders meeting on January 12th. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be March 22nd. We will announce fiscal 2011 second quarter results. Until then thank you for listening, happy holidays to everyone and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Thank you sir. That does conclude todays teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-09-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional VP of IR and Finance Greg Wasson - President and CEO Wade Miquelon - EVP and CFO Kermit Crawford - President of Pharmacy Services
Analysts: Mark Miller - William Blair Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company Deborah Weinswig  Citi Robert Willoughby - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets Ann Hynes - Caris & Company
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to today's Walgreen Company fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, for opening introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Hans.
Rick Hans: Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal 2010 year-end conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO will discuss the quarter and fiscal year highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our fourth quarter and fiscal year financial results. Also joining us on the call, and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Services. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for the reconciliations. Also, I am available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We're also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick, and thank you everyone for joining us on our call this morning. Today I want to cover three main points; first, our fourth quarter and year-end results; second, I'll discuss the initiatives we have underway to improve front-end sales through our Customer-Centric Retailing Initiative; and three, I'll highlight the industry-leading effort we are making to provide our customers with convenient access to flu immunizations as we continue to transform community pharmacy. As you saw from our press release this morning, we reported record sales of $16.9 billion in the quarter, which is a 7.4% increase over last year. Fourth quarter net earnings per diluted share increased 11.4% to $0.49, which includes $0.05 per share in acquisition and restructuring-related costs that compares with $0.44 in the same quarter a year ago, including $0.03 per diluted share and restructuring-related costs. This quarter we generated record cash flow from operations of $925 million, an increase of 8.6%. Net sales for fiscal year 2010 grew 6.4% to a record $67.4 billion and net earnings per diluted share were up 5% to $2.12. Cash flow from operations in fiscal 2010 totaled $3.7 billion, and free cash flow was a record $2.7 billion. Looking back on fiscal 2010 I feel very good with the number of significant milestones we have achieved. We filled a record 778 million prescriptions, up 7.5% from last year, and our retail pharmacy market share has increased 60 basis points from a year ago to 19.5%. We administered more than 7 million seasonal and H1N1 flu shots or more than any other retailer. We opened 291 net new drug stores. We acquired Duane Reade's 258 drugstores, the largest acquisition in our company's history which gives us a leading drugstore position in the New York metro area. We converted or opened more than 1500 stores to our Customer-Centric Retailing or CCR format. Beer and Wine was added as part of our selection to more than 3,500 stores in fiscal year SG&A growth, adjusted for restructuring cost and the Duane Reade acquisition fell to 6.5%, its lowest level in decades. And Wade will provide more details on the quarter's SG&A growth a little later. And finally, we returned $2.2 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in fiscal 2010. And in September, we completed the $2 billion share repurchase program we announced in October 2009. So I take great pride in our team's operating execution this past year. Their efforts give me great confidence that we will continue to drive our core strategies in 2011. We'll continue to slow store openings with a goal of 2.5% to 3% this fiscal year. Our effort to enhance the customer experience will continue to gain momentum with the acceleration in the CCR store refreshes, and we plan for our cost reduction and productivity efforts to provide $1 billion in savings in fiscal 2011 versus our base year of 2008. As you can see the impact of these saving efforts when looking at the progress we've made in SG&A dollar growth the last few years. This chart shows how generic drug introductions produced peaks and valleys in gross profit dollar growth during much of the decade, hitting a high point in 2007 before reaching a low in 2009. I addition we felt the effects of the slowing economy beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2009, which further negatively impacted gross profit dollar growth. As you can see, unfortunately we have had periods when SG&A dollar growth exceeded gross profit dollar growth. However, excluding the impact of Duane Reade and restructuring cost, SG&A dollar growth slowed in the last two years. That resulted from the Rewiring for Growth initiative, scaling back on new store openings, and progress from other cost savings initiatives. Today, we are in a much better position to manage SG&A dollar growth in relation to gross profit dollar growth. And it's worth noting that in the latest quarter, despite the economy's impact on gross profit dollar growth we were able to increase those dollars faster than SG&A. Now I'd like to provide an update on CCR and how it's driving improvements to our front-end. As I talked about previously, CCR is reducing working capital and store labor. And most importantly, it is improving sales and the overall shopping experience by optimizing and enhancing our existing product assortment by improving category and product adjacencies through improving site lines throughout the store, and by refreshing all our stores with a new in store dcor package. As a reminder, we have about 5,500 out of our 7,500 stores targeted for CCR refreshes. As the end of the third quarter, we have opened or converted more than 500 additional stores, the CCR bringing our total number to more than 1,800. By the end of calendar 2010, we'll have over 2,000 CCR stores. Our rollout of beer and wine has now reached nearly 4,200 stores. And we expect to have more than 5,000 stores by the end of the calendar year. Our customers find this selection a convenient way to consolidate their shopping trips and it builds basket size. This extensive refresh of our stores is being accomplished at an average cost of $50,000 per store. And I'm very encouraged by the favorable customer response these stores are receiving and the improved performance we're seeing from this investment. In fact, the overall performance of our CCR pilot stores is getting better and better as we continue our refinement. On our last conference call we showed you the pilot store's performance measured by our four product classes versus a control group of store. For the 26 week period and in May 29, our pilot stores outperformed the control stores during that period by 2.6% across all product classes. In the latest 26 week period and in August 28, our pilot stores outperformed the control group overall by an even better 3.7%. The improvements that we're making, including new product adjacencies, new assortments in merchandise and the in store dcor package; all are consolidated into our results. Now, let's update results from our wave one and wave two CCR rollouts. As you know after we launched our pilot stores in spring 2009, we rolled out wave one of CCR to all stores in the Dallas and Houston markets. These two markets have faced unique economic factors impacting their comparisons to non-CCR stores in other markets, therefore we're focusing on our market share in Dallas and Houston. Our latest reports for these two markets show that we are maintaining our market share across our top 60 categories versus our food, drug and mass market competitors. We're also encouraged by the improving sales results we're seeing in both markets. In addition, these stores will get a lift from the new in store dcor package they received during the fourth quarter. Next, our wave two stores which consist of 203 locations are outperforming our non-CCR stores in the 13 weeks after their conversion. CCR continues to gain momentum and we fully expect it to contribute to front end sales as we complete it's rollout by calendar 2011. I'd like to cover my last major topic; this year is flu season. Let's start by reviewing last year's monthly sales comps. It's easy to see that script growth and front end sales reacted very strongly to the early flu season. Both benefited from customers coming to stores to get immunized and for the prevalence of H1N1. Meanwhile, the rest of the year showed more normal trends with front end comps generally improving since December. In the fourth quarter our margins also improved and we saw increases in comp store market share for our top 60 categories. Here, you see the incidence of cough, cold and flu throughout last ear. It was the early onset of flu activity that caused our first quarter spike in comp sales. In particular, script counts, including flu shots, peaked by the end of September. And by November, we administered nearly all the seasonal flu vaccine we had. And we believe we could have administered many more doses had we not run out of vaccine. As a result for the rest of the season, we administered H1N1 vaccinations and finished up the program by February. As I mentioned, we easily surpassed our goal and provided over seven million total shots. With this graph, you see how unusual cough and cold and flu incidence was when comparing it to the two previous years. It's more typical for the incidence of flu to peak around February, which is what happened in the two seasons prior to last year. If this year's flu season is typical, we have from late August to early January to provide flu shots before the flu peaks. Now, I'd like to highlight some of the key differences in this year's flu season from last. First, customers only need to get one flu shot this year that will cover both the seasonal and the H1 in one flu strains. The centers for disease control and prevention now recommends everyone over six months of age get a flu shot versus an emphasis in past years on seniors and those with compromised immune systems. And third manufacturers made over 40 million more doses this year. So of course we can't predict the timing or the intensity of this season's flu activity, but we are ready with an unprecedented effort to deliver as many as 15 million flu shots to our customers. We now have more that 26,000 certified immunizing pharmacists and nurse practitioners compared with 16,000 at the start of last years flu season which is why we are offering flu shots all day everyday this year versus the limited hours last year. Importantly, we have a new medical billion option through several health plans, including national agreements with United Healthcare and Cigna and regionally we offer it for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois and North Carolina among others. In addition, we made it easier for our staff to handle the administrative for flu shots by streamlining the process. And in terms of marketing, we sent direct mail pieces with pre-populated flu shot forms and ramped up our online and T.V. advertising, including a partnership with the ever popular Dr. Oz. With all these efforts in action, we have already provided more than 2 million flu shots through yesterday. And remember, as I pointed out earlier, that typical peak of cough and cold and flu incidence it's still more than four months away. In closing, we believe our flu shot program is a great example of how close we are to patients and how easily we can reach them. That's what health plans and other payers are saying they need from us, face-to-face access to improve patient outcomes and provide preventative care. We're doing that with our 25,000 certified immunizing pharmacists, more than 1,000 nurse practitioners and 7,500 pharmacies located within five miles of nearly 75% of the population. We've heard very clearly from payers how important we are to their network of providers. Now one else can match our base of retail pharmacy locations, hospital and medical pharmacies, worksite health centers and retail clinics and specialty and infusion pharmacy centers. We have the reach and capability to help payers lower their total healthcare costs while improving quality in clinical outcomes through our complete Pharmacy Health and Wellness solutions. As we begin fiscal 2011, we are positioning our company to serve as a true community-based retail, health and daily living destination. Towards that end we have recently named Mark Wagner, previously our Executive Vice President of Community Management and Operations to the new position of President of our Community Management Division. Also Kermit Crawford, who is our Executive Vise President of Pharmacy has been named to the new position of President of our Pharmacy Services division. These moves and other realignment will result in improved execution through out the chain and strengthen the alignment of initiatives across the organization. Before I close, I want to say I am very optimistic about our company's future. I also want to thank all of our employees for the tremendous execution over the past year, and what I know they can accomplish in the upcoming year. Now, we'll turn the call over to Wade who will update you on financial results in the quarter and the year.
Wade Miquelon: Let's review the quarter's result in more detail. Greg covered sales and earnings, so let me skip down to prescription sales which grows 6.5% and represented 66% of sales for the quarter. We filled 194 million prescriptions an increase of 6.7% from a year ago. And that includes the benefit of 0.8 percentage points for patients filling 90 day versus 30 day scripts. On a comp store base, the number of prescriptions filled increased 3.3% and that includes a benefit of 1.2 percentage points from 90 day scripts. Prescription sales in comp stores rose 1.6%. Frond end comp sales in the quarter were up 1.2% in spite of a slow demand for discretionary goods. Total comp store sales were up 1.5%. For fiscal year 2010, again I will focus on sales number on this chart. Prescription sales rose 6.3% and represented to 63.2% of sales for the year. We filled 778 million prescriptions, an increase of 7.5% from last year. And that includes the benefit of 0.8 percentage points from patients filling 90 day versus 30 day scripts. On a comp store basis, the number of prescriptions filled increased 4.5%, and that includes a benefit of 1.2 percentage point from 90 day scripts. Prescription sales in comp stores grow 2.3%. Front end comp store sales were up 0.5% for the fiscal year, while total comp store sales increased 1.6%. Compared to the industry our sales continue to perform well. In viewing a true apples to apples time period that compares our front end comps to the top three competitors based on their most recent quarterly reporting, we are outperforming two of the three as shown in this chart. And we were only 40 basis points below the third competitor. Turning to gross profit, the margin improves 70 basis points in the quarter. Front end margins benefited from pricing, promotion and other improved efficiencies as well as lower rewiring for growth expanses. On our pharmacy side, margins benefited from new generic introductions, partially offset by reimbursement. Gross profit dollars grew by $1.4 billion in fiscal 2010, and we view that as an especially strong performance in the face of several headwinds during the year such as the economy, which we estimate slowed comparable store sales by two to three percentage points that's equivalent of about $500 million gross profit impact. Other headwinds include pharmacy reimbursement, such a new AWP definition for Medicaid prescriptions and a slowdown in the rate of new generic introductions among others. And combined, we estimate those factors were about $1 billion headwind over the course of the year. In spite of this, we grew gross profit dollars faster than SG&A dollars in the quarter, excluding restructuring costs and Duane Reade. The two years net SG&A dollar growth was higher this year compared with a year ago primarily due to costs associated with the Duane Reade acquisition. And when we adjust for the acquisition and restructuring related factors, you will see the two-year stat drops to 12.1% versus a 14.1% two-year stat a year-ago to 23.4% stat two years ago. Although SG&A continued to trend down, it gets a little tougher each quarter to maintain the same rate of reduction as we lapse significant progress made over the previous periods. As we get to core SG&A growth, let me walk you through the adjustments for the quarter. Our reported increase in SG&A dollar growth was 11%. As you can see, Duane Reade's acquisition-related cost and operating SG&A, slightly offset by the impact in the quarter of Rewired costs contributed five percentage points of total SG&A dollar growth. In addition, new store openings contributed 3.8 percentage points to SG&A dollar growth. Remaining SG&A dollar growth was a combination of inflation, acquisitions, and business mix, including strategic investments and CCR conversions. We achieved a net benefit of $615 million for Rewired for Growth in fiscal 2010 versus our goal of $500 million. That's primarily a result of moving some cost to the program into fiscal 2011, and for some benefits arriving earlier than expected. Therefore, we are expecting an additional $400 million in net benefit in fiscal 2011 because we remain on track to reach our goal of $1 billion in savings in the current fiscal year. The chart summarizes the EPS impact of Rewired savings and costs for restructuring this last year's fourth quarter. The net savings in the quarter was $0.08 per diluted share. Again, you will see that restructuring benefits are slightly ahead of schedule with the cumulative savings by quarter at $0.16 per share and the run rate over the 2008 base year at $0.46 per share. Now let's review some additional income statement details. The LIFO provision was $61 million versus $48 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, and that represents a LIFO provision of 1.7% for the year as we experienced inflation in the pharmacy, slightly offset by a slight deflation on the front-end. We plan for the LIFO provision to be 1.5% in fiscal 2011. Total Rewire expenses this quarter were $19 million, and for the fiscal year they totaled $106 million. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 35.6% compared with a tax rate of 35.8% in the year-ago period, and we are planning for a tax rate of approximately 37% in fiscal 2011. Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable are the components of working capital that we can most directly impact, and the net sum of these as a percent of sales fell 1.9% in the quarter compared with a year ago. Total FIFO inventories rose 9.1% against total sales growth of 7.4% and total store growth of 8.1% including Duane Reade. FIFO total inventories on a per store basis increased 0.9% in the fourth quarter, and this small increase comes after an 11.1% decrease in the year-ago period. To update you on capital expenditures, CapEx for fiscal 2010 was $1.0 billion short of our original estimate. That was primarily due to a strategic decision to delay the investment of our new point-of-sale system and other IT investments and the timing of certain real estate investments. We expect CapEx to increase in fiscal 2011 to approximately $1.4 billion as we now move ahead on our point-of-sale system rollout and other key investments. Cash flow from operations for the fiscal year was $3.7 billion, just slightly short of last year's record of $4.1 billion. Free cash flow increased to $2.7 billion in the fiscal year, versus $2.2 billion for the same period last year. Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments totaled $1.9 billion, and long term debt totaled $2.4 billion. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet allowed us to pay out $541 million in dividends during the fiscal year, an increase of 21.3% over fiscal 2009. Our fiscal 2010 dividend payout ratio was 26%. And you will recall that we had previously set a long term dividend payout target of between 30% and 35% of net earnings. During the year, we repurchased $1.6 billion in stock. Combined with our dividend payouts, we returned a record $2.2 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2010. And I'm very proud to report, this month we have completed the $2 billion stock repurchase plan that we announced in October 2009 three years ahead of schedule. As we consider future use of the cash, we will keep following our four basic guidelines. First, we'll maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. Next, we'll continue to reinvest in our core strategies. Third, we'll invest in strategic opportunities that reinforce our core strategies and meet our return requirements. And last, but importantly, we will return cash to shareholders from surplus cash flow in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the long term. This policy demonstrates our ongoing commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. Now I'd like to briefly conclude by saying that we remain very optimistic about our company's future as we continue down the path of smart growth, with an emphasis on the customer and cost and productivity gains. I want to thank all of you for your support. We are very proud to have returned a record amount of cash to our shareholders in fiscal 2010, especially in this difficult economic environment. Now I'll turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Mark Miller with William Blair.
Mark Miller - William Blair: My one question is going to be on gross margins. Can you describe the change from last period? I know the generics moved up through the quarter, but it's hard to see that that would have explained fully the change in trend. And so, without any guidance going forward it's very tough to get the quarters right. Can you tell us what might have been unique to this quarter? What here is recurring? And then if you can give us some sense for how you are planning expenses in fiscal '11? Do you think gross profits grow at least in line with sales or less than sales? Thanks.
Wade Miquelon: I guess the things I would say is, first as gross profit goes, you know we are up nicely this quarter and a couple of factors that played into it. First, from the front-end we are up nicely, which was a combination of many things; it was more effective pricing promotions, more effective plus markdowns, better buying, lots of different factors, but we feel very good about the directionality of the gross profit in the front end. If you look at the pharmacy, basically we had some help from generics in this quarter. As you know, in prior quarters we've had some lags, but we had some help from generics. And that helped to offset some of the underlying reimbursement pressure. And we've also had some positive efforts from reimbursements as well. So that was effectively a mixed bag there. Going forward, what I'd really say is that our team model overtime and again understand quarter-to-quarter there can be some volatility. But what you should be seeing overtime is our continued effort to focus on gross profit dollars. And to make sure that those gross profit dollars overtime are able to outrun our SG&A. And we feel pretty confident we can do that. But that's really the model that we're focusing on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Co.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: So I was wondering if you could just give us some thoughts about SG&A dollar growth as we go into next year. I mean are we going to see that continue to be less than sales or is it going to be more than sales? And how is the CCR program going to fit into that.
Greg Wasson: I'll jump and let Wade kind of tag along a little bit. But our goal was obviously to keep our SG&A dollar growth trending down. We feel good with where we've been over the last quarter or two. And our bigger goal was frankly to make sure that just SG&A dollar growth is less than gross profit dollar growth. So I think we feel good with where we are with rewiring. We're going to deliver the $1 billion that we had set out by the end of 2011. I think we'll continue to see some improvement from the slowing down of new store openings that we called down actually on this call. And we really got some good focus across the entire organization on just cost control. We got a relentless focus on cost. So I think what we could say is we're focused on continuing to drive that trend down and keep it less that gp dollar growth.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: Wade, are you going to add anything?
Wade Miquelon: No I think Greg said it all, I think we've done a good job of bringing it down. You know you've got some reconciling items. So you can see it when you take out things like new store openings and others. We're making real progress. We feel very confident in our Rewire for Growth uptick from year to year. And beyond that, we put a significant amount of effort into looking at how we do kind of continual reengineering process improvement so that it's really an ongoing process of improving things versus getting to one time. So again, we've focused on driving gross profit dollars up and trying to drive SG&A dollars below that. And I think we feel very good about all the good initiatives and interventions we put in place.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: So just two quick clarifications and I'll give up the floor. First, was there any one-time payment in that gross margin number you reported in the fourth quarter which was quite strong? That's question number one. And number two is; when you give the order weight of what you are going to do with your cash, it seems like the shareholder is number four. Should we think of it as number four or is this just the way you kind of present it?
Wade Miquelon: The first one, there is no one-time payment or at least nothing substantive or material; there is nothing I can even think of in that number that was true operating performance. And the second one, I would say because it's number four, it doesn't mean it's number four priority. I view these almost as a balanced matrix. We are not going to compromise a strong balance sheet, but we're also not going to focus on returning cash to shareholders. Is that the fundamental question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Kelly with Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse: I just want to start with maybe a follow up. On the gross margin side, Wade, it sounds like you're clearly encouraged by what you're seeing on the front end? Is there going to be follow through on that now, through 2011? Is that how we should be reading how you answered that question?
Wade Miquelon: Look, I would say I think the store ops and merchandising folks and marketing folks are doing a terrific job. We're focusing on all levers. Right, we've got a lot of good initiatives and plays. The CCR initiative is working and it continues to improve. The various subsets, things like beer and wine are working well. The focus on price and promotions is working well. We're being very disciplined in buying. We're doing better buying. So I really feel like there is a lot of blocking and tackling across all things and I'll to work on that. So I would there is no magic in the improvement, it's just a lot of hard work across a lot of core initiatives and we feel that we're doing the right things right.
Greg Wasson: And, Ed, I'd like to add certainly we've still had a tough economy. We still have a tight consumer. And I would agree with everything Wade said. I think we're doing everything we can do to manage through that profitably. But we still have a tough consumer and we're going to have to make sure that we balance swing indoors without giving up too much margin. I think the operations folks and merchandisers had done a nice job in balancing that.
Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse: All right. And then if I could just add one last question here. Greg, where do you stand on flu shots currently where they were this time last year? And then sort of intertwined with that, you don't give guidance obviously for next year? But at your analyst's meeting a couple of years ago, you laid out getting back to double digit growth. The street is going to be up probably at least mid teens now for next year, given where they were before today's report. Can you do double digit growth for 2011? Is that in the mix?
Greg Wasson: Ed, I'll answer the second one first. And then flu maybe I'll turn it over to Kermit. But certainly, our goal as we stated in 2008 is to get back to double digit earnings growth. And stronger return on invested capital trends in order to grow our shareholder return or shareholder value. So that goal hasn't changed. As far as timing, obviously we don't do that, Ed. I think we're doing all the right things to achieve that goal. As far flu shots, as I said, we've just over two million through yesterday. I'll Kermit kind of maybe take it from there and talk about where we are versus last year. And some of the things that we're doing this year that give us confidence that we're going to hit that 15 million flu shots.
Kermit Crawford: Ed, as you remember last year in the first quarter we provided five million flu shots. And as Greg said, through yesterday, we've provided over two million flu shots this year. I think what I'd like to say is last year we were very disappointed that we couldn't help more of our customers because of the lack of the flu vaccine. And this year, that won't happen. I mean we're prepared to be there for our customers and to be in stock. So we have an unprecedented campaign this year that we put in place to reach our goal of 15 million flu shots. Greg talked about our 26,000 certified pharmacists and nurse practitioners, more than anyone or any other retailer in this country. We're also providing more access and convenience this year versus last year by offering flu shots everyday all day. I actually had a customer send me an email just the other day to talk about how wonderful it was that you could get a flu shot at 9:30 pm at night. And flu patient satisfaction of course, we have had greater than 90% give us the satisfied or very satisfied overall experience. So we have truly reformed the delivery system for flu shots in this country. And also, Greg talked about the CDC recommending a universal flu vaccine with everyone over six months of age getting a flu shot. And if you think about last year, our seven million shots only represented 3.5% of the market. So with that market significantly growing, this year our 15 million goal is certainly going to be aggressive and a challenge. But we certainly think that that is something that we can beat. And our flu gift card has given us a tremendous amount of early awareness. Remember last year the CDC moved up the flu season to September. Normally the flu season doesn't actually start until October. So that gift card has given us a tremendous amount of early awareness. So we're excited about this season which actually doesn't start until sometime in the next two weeks. But we're already two million shots into it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research Company.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: The execution wage talk about the merchants and the positive gross margin, front end gross margin trends in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about how the performance improved so markedly in 4Q relative to 3Q? That the 4Q gross margin seemed like it improved a lot more in 3Q. Was it something that they improved on even further? What contributed to that material step up in 4Q relative to 3Q?
Greg Wasson: I'll jump in. I think certainly for the quarter we saw less aggressive markdowns and summer clearance than we did a year ago. I think that contributed some. I think also less aggressive clearance in our CCR markdowns, we're pretty much through that. That obviously contributed some. But I also think they did a nice job in really maintaining and balancing that pay off between price and promotion. And I think we've done a nice job with what we call our key value items. Our basis everyday items and making sure we're priced right to show value. As well as what we put on the front and back page of our ads. But also at the same time not giving up excess margin. And I think what we're really enthusiastic about is the opportunity that we still have to drive private brand penetration and the learnings that we are able to bring back from Duane Reed to help us expand that. So just a good balance of price and promotion.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research Company: Related to the spend, the second part of the question is, I understand the vision long term for the gross margin dollars to grow faster than SG&A dollars which makes sense. Is you think about achieving that goal in 2011, what are the factors that are in your favor or not in your favor to accomplish that goal in 2011?
Wade Miquelon: I think what I'm try to say is on the front end we'll continue to I think gain momentum on the quarter initiatives we laid out. CCR as you've seen the results, it's still only partially out there. But they're getting stronger all the time. So we believe that is going to give further momentum. If you think about the pharmacy obviously there is a balancing act where we've done a lot of good jobs to take efforts to strengthen and to stabilize reimbursement, although pressure will still be there. But we still got the expansion script life services coming in our favor. And then ultimately, we'll have an illusionary wave. We do have things like AMP out there which are unknowns, but I think that in our model we try to do as good as we can as planned for the toughest case. And then if a better case comes, that's a tailwind as well. So those are the core kinds of things. Again, a look at the economy before, it's very tough out there. Whether it's going to get easier any time soon? Nobody knows. But we're trying to plan a model. It's going to successful even in tough times. That's what we're focused on.
Kermit Crawford: One of the things that Wade has mentioned in the past is that we can't control the introduction of new generic. So between the slowdown in new generics some of the deflation in the old generic and AWP we had a huge headwind against us last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deborah Weinswig with Citi.
Deborah Weinswig - Citi: One more question on gross margins, but you mentioned improved pricing, promotion and other efficiencies, how much did that contribute to the 70 basis points? And what exactly did you do to improve pricing and promotion? And then, how far along are you on the test of the loyalty card? And did that have any impact? And then just, this is around the gross margin topic. Can you talk about what you thought with regard to private label penetration for the year and the quarter? And where are you right now? And what are the goals?
Greg Wasson: I think I get all of those Deborah. I think as far as front end there's a contribution to total margin, I don't know if we have broken that out, if we have. But I think we definitely were encouraged by what we did, we do at the front end. As far as the breakdown as I said, I think that we are really focusing to make sure that we are price right on key items that really drive value in our consumers mind today. And our folks are looking for valuable private brands, bonus sizes of national brands. And I think that we just did a nice job, as I said not giving up excess, but at the same time swing indoors. So, I think we have to understand, and we have a pretty good idea of what the value of our convenience is and what that delta is that we can get for that convenience. And I think we're really on top of making sure we manage that delta. I think the next question on loyalty. As you know we have rolled out or started to pilot in three markets, in May of this year. So we got about three to four months of data now. We feel good; we're encouraged with the early results from those three markets. We also, as you know through the acquisition Duane Reade have acquired a loyalty program that gives us a lot more data and some rich data. So we're encouraged where we are. We're willing to get about a good six months to may be eight months of data, before we decide how to fine tune it and when we'd begin to implement it nationwide. We should have enough data after the first year to begin to think about, when we'd go nationwide. Let's see, I think you talked about private label. What I'm encouraged most with was private label is, we've over-penetrated, over indexed in our private label with what where you would think we do and that's an over-the-counter cost goal, the health and beauty type items. We've under -indexed to our 20% or so total penetration in consumables. That's where Duane Reade brings a tremendous amount of expertise and talent because of their history with Loblaws and come out of a strong private brand consumable retailer. So we're looking forward to bring in through a lot of their expertise to drive our penetration in the consumables. And we began that last month or two with our first introduction of the Duane Reade private brand throughout the chain with about 15 to 20 core SKUs.
Deborah Weinswig - Citi: So I think it feels like to a lot of us is, this is a real breakout quarter from a gross margin perspective. I mean, was this driven more by process, or technology, or how would you kind of sum it up?
Greg Wasson: I think all of the above. I think one of the things that we probably haven't maybe talked about as much or maybe even made that clear is that CCR is much more than just what you physically see in the store. And certainly, we're focused on the results that we're seeing in store sales, customer experience, throughput and all of that. We feel extremely good about it. But in the last 12-18 months Bryan Pugh and his team frankly have rebuilt the entire plumbing of our merchandizing process. So we have much better sophistication in the systems to be able to manage multiple planograms or categories. We've really improved our ability to understand pricing in that delta we're talking about for convenience. So I think it's frankly a lot of process system improvement that's helping us manage that and achieve that balance I'm talking about between price and promotion more so than we have in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a quick one on Duane Reade dilution going forward. Anecdotally, what's left to consolidate there and can you have a sort of guess on the EPS impact for the next fiscal year?
Wade Miquelon: Dilution this year ended up being about $0.05 or $0.06 maybe, a little bit more than we anticipated prior, as we pulled some items aboard. I think next year we're roughly staying around $0.02 to $0.03 dilution. So that might be a little bit on the low end of that, because again we pulled some of those forwards. And then going on, we're move into (our $0.03 to $0.05). For the most part, we're now at the point where it's roughly awash. But again, prior to little bit of dilution last year, but I've hit the low end of the $0.02 or $0.03 because we did pull some of those one-times forward into this prior fiscal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Lazard Capital Markets.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets: On the Rewire, just wanted to clarify, you got about $100 million extra savings in fiscal '010, so you're sort of bumping down the $500 million to $400 million in fiscal '11. Is that exactly right?
Wade Miquelon: We had, between the savings that (Duane) cost, its $60 to $70 million more and then the one-times being $40 million less which pushes over.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets: Do we see a lot of that incremental upside, $500 million to $600 million of net positive in the fourth quarter?
Wade Miquelon: Well we certainly saw a nice pick-up because we actually accelerated some of our plans for next year into the fourth quarter. So that certainly helped. But I think moving forward those will carry through as well. So our goal is to at least meet our goal of $1 billion, and hopefully we'll beat it. But we're really focused on is meeting it. That's the goal, is to absolutely meet it under any conditions.
Tom Gallucci - Lazard Capital Markets: And then just on generics, I think Kermit mentioned before, fewer new generics in fiscal '010 and some deflation on some older ones. How are you thinking about fiscal '11 versus fiscal '010 on the generic front sort of all in?
Wade Miquelon: Well, Tom, I think great year. I think on the generic front where Kermit was going is, last year was a really tough year as far as the new generic growth that we saw versus the year before. We still have a tough or a tighter year for new generics this year, but it's certainly less than the dip that we saw last year from the previous year. And as you know, by next fiscal year, the following fiscal year we're going to be into the new generic wave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask you, first on the uptick in the remodels, is that sort of the control group, the 40-50 stores? What's the sample size there, and can you discuss how that translates to (inaudible) other stores you got done and stores going forward? And also, can you discuss if you have done any other large metro markets and what the results would be, and what's coming off those markets?
Greg Wasson: I think the first number you're referring to that I gave is the 35 store pilot group, which we are seeing a 3.7% or so tick up from the previous quarter. And really that's our best control group, or the best group that we're looking at, because we have a good control group of stores to measure. We feel good with the improvements we're making and the trend we're seeing. The other group that we're really focused on that I called out were the 200 stores in the wave two. And we feel good with where they are, as I said the 13 weeks after conversion. So obviously we're running up in comp sales in a tough economy, so we feel good overall. Keep in mind that even though we will only have, or will have 2000 stores converted to CCR, a lot of the CCR benefits we're seeing chain-wide now with the enhanced categories and the assortments that we're able to roll out. So hope that answers your question.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess outside of taxes or markets that are very competitive, or the economy nosedives quickly or something, why shouldn't what we're getting at the pilot stores eventually translate to a large majority of the remodels?
Greg Wasson: Well, we hope that it would Andy, and the good thing is, is as I said that we're a year into those pilot stores, nearly, and we've made a lot of improvement. So we feel good with that trend.
Wade Miquelon: Remember that this is really, I would say kind of foundational work; it's really, you're just trying to get the base platform right for the future, except that it's increasing our sales, it is increasing our margins, it is helping reduce our working capital and we're providing a better customer experience. I think that's the key thing is trying to keep these four metrics positive as we build that base for the future.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: So it sounds like you think, in terms of sales growth, CCR is more of a cumulative process than, you know a one-time wonder, a great remodel, we hit it, that type of thing.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I mean, this is ongoing. This is just the first step of a many-year, (many-light) journey. So it's really trying to improve our store experience to the benefit of our customers.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: And another topic if I could, and then I'll get off. Can you update us on some of the direct payer progress? It might be, you're seeing it here in the marketplace or I think there might have been some internal changes in how you're going to market there or how you are managing that? And perhaps as you exercise that way of going to market, what is the strategic value of having a PBM for Walgreens?
Greg Wasson: Well, Andy, we feel good with where we are with our direct-to-payer's. And by payer, we look at that as employers, our pharmacy benefit management partners that we work with, health plans, and the government and so forth. I think a good example of the progress we're making in our direct-to-payer approach is what I talked about with our flu shot. We had national agreements with UnitedHealthcare and CIGNA on providing flu shots to millions of their members as well as many of the regional Blues. And that was a result of Hal Rosenbluth and his team that I think you're alluding to. We have consolidated our sales and client services organization under Hal and his teams. We now have one group that's bringing all Walgreen's Pharmacy and Health Wellness solutions to all those payer segments. And I'm feeling very good that we're really encouraged with what's happening there and I think across all payer segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Hynes with Caris & Company.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: In your prepared comments, you talked about a $1 billion gross profit headwind that you've faced in 2010. I think you said $500 million came from the economy. You mentioned generics, you mentioned AWP. When we looked at fiscal 2011, I guess about $1 billion. What do you think will be repeated? And then also maybe what things could be impacting gross profit in 2011 that would be a headwind, like A&P for instance? I guess what are your expectations on that?
Wade Miquelon: Ann, it's an excellent question. I guess what I would say is, on a relative year-on-year, the economy is factored. Now it's up to us to make (innovations) to be successful in any economy. So you don't have that kind of, call it step-down effects. There is undoubtedly reimbursement pressure. We don't think there's going to be as much pressure as we saw last year. That was probably the greatest year, as we said of $0.5 billion'ish between the less than normal generic lift between AWP and between the variety of other reimbursements. So we think it will be challenging, but not as challenging. A key part of that is A&P. There's certainly a lot of activity happening around that, you know for us to speculate when or if that kicks in exactly on the day the amount is probably a bit premature; there is lot of activity. But certainly we're assuming across all reimbursement, it will still be a challenging environment, although I would say probably not as challenging.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: So is it fair to say, maybe of that $500 million you only experienced half of that in fiscal 2011?
Wade Miquelon: I would hesitate to give any number. I think you know it's premature and some of these things are very binary. But I would say that last year, there was a lot of challenging factors and I don't see this year at least repeating that in aggregate.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Greg, couple of things. On the reimbursement issue, what's the prognosis for State Medicare this year? You would think that that might be tougher than last year. And then long term how do you think the reimbursement tug of war between retail and PBMs plays out? You might think, long term, after the generic cycle maybe it gets tougher secularly and they try to protect profitability. How do you think about those two things?
Greg Wasson: Hi John, good to hear from you. I think that State Medicaid's AMP, you know I'd kind of lump those all together as Wade said. I think that certainly there's going to be a headwind. And right now there's a lot of moving parts in AMP that we're on top of regarding timing and what the final impact will be. But certainly whatever we end up seeing, not only have we planned forward already as Wade said, but I think we'll still be working with states, both regarding State Medicaid as well as Medicare with the government. But as far as state, we think we can bring a lot of value to the states, not only with how we can help them on their pharmacy costs, but also on their total medical costs. And that's John, I think where we really are focused. And probably the biggest maybe difference between us and others would be, we're focused on helping provide value to all payers including state to lower the total medical costs and not just pharmacy. So we'll be focused on working with them across the entire medical spend. As far as the relationship or the reimbursement environment with the commercial payers, the PBMs and others, I think that it's all about providing value. And I think payers going forward are all going to be looking for help to improve the quality of their healthcare spend as well as controlling that cost. And as I've said several times, keep in mind, pharmacy is only about 10% to 12% of total medical spend for most employers across this country. We are seeing employers more and more focused on looking at how to improve the total medical spend, both from a quality and a cost. So I think it's all about us providing value and that's why we're trying to transform community pharmacy as we are doing, to provide more value.
Wade Miquelon: As you recall, AMP was included in the Deficit Reduction Act of 2006. And there are certainly reasons that that implementation has been delayed, and one of those is that there's a study out that says over 12,000 independent pharmacies would have to close their doors that couldn't survive in an environment where you have further rate cuts. So there is a challenge around the implementation of AMP, and we recognize reimbursement pressure will continue but we expect to be able to manage our commercial segment going forward as we have in the past. And although the pricing index may change, we wouldn't expect it to have a dramatic impact on our current reimbursement economics.
Unidentified Analyst: And then one final question. When you think about the frond end as it sits today in this economy, how do you look at price elasticity in terms of the question of how much do you want to invest promotionally? How do you look at price elasticity today versus maybe a couple of years ago? And is the dynamic interchange here such that maybe gross profit grows less because of sales growth more because of margins improving than might have been the case a while back?
Wade Miquelon: I think the key thing is that in any challenging economy, one learning globally is, is it is important to focus on value. But value doesn't always mean price. In fact value is about reframing the value you provide. We provide fantastic convenience; we have great private label offerings. If you look across the store, we're expanding things to make it even more convenient for people to get more things. As Greg mentioned, we've done a terrific job of focusing on things like the key value items that people really, really, want to make sure that we're sharp on. So I think the important thing for us is not to just get into a price war game, but to really say, what are the things that we can do to provide value. And even on the back end flu shot, a flu shot from Walgreen's is $30, is a tremendous value. It's cheaper than going to a doctor and getting it, and it's certainly a lot cheaper than getting sick and being out of work or (hastening) contaminant flu or whatever. So I think we are in a good spot to provide good value in the front-end and the backend. And I guess what I would just say is, it's important for us to recognize that that doesn't mean just cutting prices.
Operator: And that concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Hans for any additional or closing remarks.
Rick Hans: Thank you for joining us today. We'll announce September monthly sales on October 5. After that our next Investor Relations event will be our Analyst Day on November 4. We look forward to seeing many of you there. For those who will not be attending in person, Analyst Day will be simultaneously webcast through our Walgreen's Investor Relations website. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Wednesday, December 22; that's when we will announce fiscal 2011 first quarter results. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-06-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional VP of IR and Finance Greg Wasson, President and CEO Wade Miquelon - EVP and CFO Kermit Crawford - EVP of Pharmacy
Analysts: Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walgreen Company's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn things over to Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.
Rick Hans: Welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will be discussing the quarter's highlights and our continued progress in executing our growth strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, would detail our third quarter financial results. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Also, joining us on the call or available for questions is Kermit Crawford, Executive Vice President of Pharmacy. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliation. Also, I am available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, the presentation will be archived on the website for 12 months. We're also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, Rick, and thank you everyone for joining us on our call. Before I discuss third quarter earnings, I'd like to briefly acknowledge our Friday announcement where we reached a multiyear agreement with CVS Caremark. We won't be providing specific details regarding the economics of the deal, but I would say that we are very pleased with the outcome. The agreement provides the framework we need to operate our business going forward, which is also good for patients or pharmacists and shareholders. We look forward to continuing to meet the needs of patients and payers across the country. We're also looking forward to building a mutually beneficial relationship with CVS Caremark and other PBMs. Now let's move to the quarter. As you saw from our press release this morning, Walgreens reported record sales of $17.2 billion in the quarter, a 6.1% increase over the last year. Third quarter net earnings were $463 million compared with $522 million in the same quarter a year ago. And we generated strong cash flow from operations of $1 billion in the quarter and $2.8 billion fiscal year-to-date. Our reported EPS of $0.47 included $0.04 in costs resulting from the Medicare Part D tax charge, $0.02 from the impact of our Duane Reade acquisition and $0.01 from our Rewiring for Growth initiative. Net sales for the nine-month period grew 6.1% to $50.6 billion, and net earnings were up 3.2%. We anticipated that this would be a challenging quarter for several reasons. First, the weak economy continued to impact discretionary spending. Second, we faced prescription reimbursement pressure compounded by slower period in relative introduction of new generics. And third, we were cycling last year's high incidents of H1N1 flu, which impacted prescription comps by more than 1% in the quarter. While we planned for these headwinds and saw a number of positive signs in the quarter, we also believe there is more we can do. Let me touch on some additional highlights of the quarter. We filled a record 198 million prescriptions and increased our market share to nearly 20%. We made significant progress on our Customer-Centric Retailing initiative, opening or converting 500 stores. We closed on our acquisition of Duane Reade and began the integration to drive the expected benefits and synergies. We continued on track with our cost control initiatives. We took steps to directly address some of the reimbursement pressure we're experiencing. And we restructured the healthcare division to bring new and unique pharmacy, health and wellness solutions to the market. Now let's take a more detailed look at the quarter. This slide provides a good snapshot of the quarter's performance relative to recent trends. During the third quarter, gross profit dollars increased by $290 million or 6.5%. SG&A dollars increased $307 million or 8.6%. It's important to note, without Duane Reade, gross profit dollars grew 3.2% and SG&A dollars grew 6%. This rate of growth is near the low point of our SG&A dollar growth over the last six years. And even at this low rate of SG&A dollar growth, we are investing in areas that would generate incremental sales. These include our e-commerce group, our sales and client services organization and our private brand business. At the same time, we continue our relentless focus on cost control. Gross profit dollars were impacted by the weak sales and reimbursements I mentioned earlier. Our goal is to consistently drive gross profit dollar growth in excess of SG&A dollar growth. Next I'll give an update on our Customer-Centric Retailing initiative. Here is a quick look at where we stood at the end of last quarter with total CCR stores. As you may recall, we expect CCR when fully implemented in Brussels reduced working capital and store labor and enhanced the overall shopping experience. In order to achieve that, we are optimizing and enhancing our existing assortments. We're improving category and production adjacencies, improving site lines throughout the store and finally refreshing all our stores with a new in-store branding package. Through the end of the third quarter, we've completed the opening or conversion of over 1,200 stores, 500 more than we reported to you last. We now expect to have over 2,000 CCR format stores by the end of the calendar year. While this is fewer than the 2,500 to 3,000 we had previously anticipated, the slowdown is critical to applying important lessons to future conversions. Our latest CCR accomplishments include the following: The time needed to convert a store to CCR format is currently 20% less than the earlier conversions. We're adding key categories such as our successful beer and wine rollout which is now nearly 3,600 stores and on track to be in more than 5,000 stores by the end of the calendar year. And in the third quarter alone, this category added more than 50 basis points to front-end sales comps. We added back several hundred products, primarily to the complement product class in categories such as automotive and hardware, and we initiated the introduction of new SKUs in existing categories such as our new branded electronic sets. All of this adds up to a refresh of our stores at a relatively low cost. Recall, last quarter, that we showed you the performance of our pilot CCR stores. That time, front-end sales at those stores were outperforming the control stores by 1.9%. I'm pleased to report today that for the 26-week period ending May 29, the same pilot stores are now outperforming the control stores by 2.6%. The Signature product class in which we want to win versus all retailers continues to outperform the control group by nearly 5%. Our Power product class, in which we want to be the best in the drugstore industry has experienced an increase in sales from 2.4% last period to 3.1% this period. The Staples product class, which includes everyday needs, slipped slightly. We are sorting those reasons now and will continue to focus on improving it. And in the Complement product class, which are impulse buys or convenience items, we added back SKUs to all stores including the control group. And as you can see, the CCR stores improved versus the control group. So the complement product class compromises 6% of front-end sales, and we are very pleased with the improved performance. Although results are preliminary, our second wave of CCR store conversions is trending well against the rest of the chain, and in Dallas we're encouraged by the improvement in sales variance versus the rest of the chain as well. If you recall, Houston had a larger percentage of stores impacted by the reduction of SKUs in the complement product class that led to more pronounced sales impact in those select stores, which are now showing improvement with the reintroduction of key SKUs. We're also making good progress integrating Duane Reade into our company. Duane Reade's new format is performing well, and I would encourage you to visit our recently relocated midtown Manhattan store, which is performing well above expectations. Duane Reade contributed $272 million of sales in the quarter. We believe that this business represents an excellent strategic fit with Walgreens. Since the acquisition, we are even more excited with their capabilities in urban retailing, loyalty private brands and beauty. We believe there is real opportunity to leverage these areas to the rest of our chain. And for example, an initial selection of Duane Reade's Delish private brand consumables will be offered across the chain in August. As I mentioned earlier, this was a challenging quarter as we anticipated. Our strategy, which is built on the strength of our center of gravity, our 7500 community drug stores, gives me confidence we can win in any environment. We're located within five miles of nearly 75% of the U.S. population. Our plan with CCR is enhancing the customer experience and providing the low cost refresh of all stores. We continue to transform community pharmacy to build on our nearly 20% market share and improve the patient experience. This includes expanding our scope of services by offering flu shots and other immunizations. We're bringing new and unique pharmacy and health and wellness solutions to employers and other payers from our worksite clinics to our hospital onsite pharmacies and from our specialty pharmacy to our market share leading home infusion capabilities. We offer a broad spectrum of healthcare solutions. And we continue to have a relentless focus on cost control and productivity gains. So in spite of the environment, we hit many milestones in the quarter. We generated strong cash flow, and we continue to return that cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. Walgreens has already returned over $1 billion to shareholders this fiscal year. Looking ahead, I'm very optimistic about our company. We're focused on leveraging our 7500 convenient community drug stores, and I'm confident in our strategies and our goal to deliver double-digit earnings growth, increasing return on invested capital and top-tier shareholder return. And finally, I want to say how proud I am of the way of the way our team members responded to a difficult environment, and their commitment to drive sales, reduce cost and improve customer service. I firmly believe their efforts will be reflected in our performance in future shareholder returns. Now I'll turn the call over to Wade, who will update you on the financial results in the quarter. Wade.
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. In the quarter, net sales increased 6.1%, net earnings declined 11.4% and earnings per diluted share were $0.47 or $453 million down from $0.53 per diluted share or $522 million in the same quarter a year ago. Our reported EPS of $0.47 included $0.04 in costs resulting from the Medicare Part D tax charge, $0.02 from the impact of the Duane Reade acquisition and $0.01 from our Rewiring for Growth initiative. And that compares with $0.06 in rewire costs in the year ago period. Prescription sales rose 5.7% and represented 65% of sales for the quarter. Prescriptions sales in comp stores rose 1%. As Greg noted, we built a record 198 million prescriptions during the quarter, an increase of 5.9% from the year ago. And that includes the benefit of one percentage point from patients filling 90 day rather than 30 day scripts. On a comp store basis the number of prescriptions filled increased 2.5% and that includes the benefit of 1.3 percentage points from 90 day scripts. Now, let me say a few words about our front-end comp store sales; these sales in the quarter were up 0.1% as we continue to face slower demand for discretionary goods. Also hampering the quarter were weak flu season compared with last year's unusual H1N1 flu and the recall of certain OTC products. Despite this performance, we compare well to the industry. When viewing a true apples-to-apples time period, that compares our front-end comps with our top three competitors we are out performing for the same period they most recently reported as shown in this chart. And this is another why we feel good about CCR. Turning to gross profit, the margin improved 10 basis points in the quarter; the primary driver was an increase in front-end margin, which more than offset the negative impact of lower margins in the pharmacy. On a dollar basis, I'll start by pointing out that the front-end provided the majority of gross profit dollar growth in the quarter. As you may know, the rate of generic introductions and other factors is going to affect gross margins in ways we believe distort our underlying performance. And as a result, we focus on gross profit dollar growth as an important performance metric. And that grew by $290 million in the quarter. Now, let's look at some of the drivers of that gross profit dollar growth. The pharmacy gross profit dollar growth was negatively impacted by two primary factors. First, we are in a period of slower rate of generic drug introductions. We expect less impact from this in fiscal 2011 and a significant benefit in fiscal 2012 due to large number of new generic introductions scheduled for that year. And second, we continue to be impacted by reimbursement pressure, which we have experienced for years. Looking at the bigger picture, our core pharmacy business is strong and expected to get stronger as indicated by our record scripts filled, market share increases, our expanded pharmacy health and wellness solutions. And that includes flu shots and other innovative programs such as optimal wellness in 90 day refills. Moving to SG&A transit, two year stacked SG&A dollar growth shows some improvement compared with the year ago quarter, dropping from 17.6% to 16.5%. And when you adjust the two year stacked SG&A dollar growth to the acquisition Duane Reade, you will see a drop fro 17.6% last year to 13.4% this year. And this illustrates our continued focus on SG&A control. Let me walk you through this SG&A adjustment. We reported SG&A growth of 8.6% in the quarter; first, we adjusted for the net impact of rewiring for growth, which had higher cost last year. And next, we accounted for the acquisition and operating expense associated with Duane Reade, which gives us the SG&A growth for the quarter, of 6%. Some of our improvement can be traced to the benefits from Rewiring for Growth, and this chart summarizes the saving in cost for restructuring since inception. The net saving in the quarter, was $0.04 per share versus the year ago period. And please note we added two new lines to this chart to illustrate the cumulative savings by quarter and a total run-rate savings over the 2008 base year. You can see that restructuring benefits are on track with cumulative savings by quarter at $0.11 per share and the run-rate over the 2008 base year at $0.37 per share. Total rewire expenses this quarter were $17 million and for the first nine months they totaled $87 million. We expect approximately $140 million in rewire expenses in fiscal 2010, although some of these costs may not be fully realized till early fiscal 2011. We remain on target for net pre-tax savings of $500 million this fiscal year and net pre-tax savings of $1 billion in fiscal 2011 both versus our base year of 2008. Now, let's review some additional income statement details. The LIFO provision was $18 million versus $32 million in the third quarter of 2009. That represents anticipated LIFO provision of 1.25% for the year; next of the $17 million in restructuring costs in the quarter. The effective tax rate was 42.5% compared with a tax rate of 36.4% in the year ago period. The higher rate was impacted by a non-cash charge due to the elimination of Medicare Part D subsidy. We expect the tax rate of approximately 37% in the fourth quarter. Accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable are the components of working capital that we can most directly impact. And the net sum of these as a percent to sales fell 4.1% in the quarter compared with the year ago. Total FIFO inventories rose 4.3% against total sales growth of 6.1% and total store growth of 9.7% including Duane Reade. FIFO total inventories on a per store basis fell 4.9% in the third quarter. Controlling inventory continues to be a top priority. And as you can see, we have consistently made great strides over the past six quarters. Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of the fiscal year was $2.8 billion. Free cash flow increased to $2 billion in the first nine months versus $1.7 billion in the same period last year. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $2.3 billion, and our long-term debt totaled $2.4 billion. To update you on capital expenditures, last quarter we estimated $1.4 billion for the year. We now anticipate CapEx for the fiscal 2010 to be around $1.2 billion, as we make sure we're focusing on investing in the right projects at the right time. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet allowed us to pay out $136 million in dividends during the quarter and buy back $254 million in company stock. In the first nine months of the fiscal year, we returned more than $1 billion in dividends and share repurchases. We plan to continue returning cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks, which nearly tripled in the first nine months compared to the year-ago period. Our current dividend payout ratio was 25%, and you'll recall that we previously set a long-term dividend payout ratio of between 30% and 35% of net earnings. The next dividend announcement will be on July 14. Like Greg, I am confident in our strategies. We are focused on driving smart growth, enhancing the customer experience and meeting our goals for cost reduction and productivity gains to create value for shareholders. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: My questions have to do with CCR. When I look at your estimates on First Call, they're all over the place. And I think part of that is because people are modeling the CCR initiative differently. So end of 2010, 2,000 stores should be done, and you have 3,500 to 4,000 left. How should we break that out annually for fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012? Would most of those be done in 2011? And I guess the cost associated with it also, I think you had been saying that the cost per store would be $30,000 to $50,000. And in your last 10-Q, I believe it said it was up to 40,000 to 55,000 per store now. So can you just clarify how we should model that going forward, so maybe some of the estimates become more in line with each other? And also, does that include Duane Reade stores? And I guess that's it for now.
Greg Wasson: I'll start with the last and then back up. It does not include the Duane Reade stores as far as the total CCR. We are doing certainly remodelings within the Manhattan area to help them complete their journey of remodeling those stores. As far as CCR, you're right. If we look, there is about, as we said, 5,500 total stores in the chain that would be conducive to the CCR fit. We will have 2,000 by the end of the calendar year. We expect to have the remainder of those done by the end of 2011 calendar year. So you can factor that in.
Ann Hynes - Caris & Company: Well, I guess the cost per store in your last 10-Q, it said 40,000 to 55,000. But I think in your previous presentations, you were saying 30,000 to 50,000. So I guess how should we model cost per store for fiscal 2011?
Greg Wasson: Yes, I'd use the latest, the 40,000 55,000. We're encouraged, Ann, and we may be able to pull that down. And if we are, we will give an update on that. But as I said, we're seeing from when we started about a 20% reduction in the cost to convert these stores. We're down to about four days. So I think we are optimistic we maybe able get it lower, but I think that's probably a good number to use.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ed Kelly with Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse: Greg, you mentioned that you slowed down the conversion to CCR to apply some credible lessons. Could you elaborate on what you have learned so far, and then the impact that those learnings are having on the newer conversions? And then also, could you maybe give us a bit more color on the performance of the conversions beyond the pilot stores?
Greg Wasson: I think the key learnings, and we kind of called that on our Q2 call, was the complement categories. And again, even though they're are only 6% of total sales, there are many stores that have a high percentage of sales coming from the complement categories. And I think we took out some items that we probably didn't need or should have taken out. We've added about 200 items back into those stores and in particular those compliment categories, things like automotive hardware. In many stores, we may be more like the general store in a particular community. So I think we feel good with what we're putting back in. And I think you could see the improvement on the complement categories. The other thing that we're exited about is the recent rollout of the actual refresh package, the dcor and branding package that we're putting out there. I think as you recall, when we rolled out in Houston and Dallas, we didn't have it ready. We are rolling it now with the new conversions, and we are going back into Houston and Dallas I believe it's next week to put the new branding package in those two markets. So we're excited there. And as I think you might have one more question as well, did I cover your points?
Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse: Well, the other question I actually have for you in relation to the reimbursement pressure that you've been talking about, is there a way to quantify the impact that that's had on the gross margin this quarter? And then, Greg, you mentioned that you are beginning to address some of the issues causing you reimbursement rate pressure. Is there more a work to do on that, meaning are there other PBMs that you need to go talk to as well?
Greg Wasson: Well, I'll take the first one and let Wade jump in on how to quantify. I think with the temporary slowdown in the generic pipeline that we've led to over the past year, I think that's probably heightened some of the reimbursement focus that payers have. And I think the good thing is that's a temporary period, and I think when we get into 2012, with the added generics, there'd be a little relief there. But in this interim, I do think that we're focused on making sure that we get a fair value from payers for the services we provide. And I think we have 7,500 stores in all 50 states. We have 24-hour stores and communities across the country that many don't. So we're just focused on working with payers to make sure we get a fair value. And I think we're recognizing that people value Walgreens and their network.
Wade Miquelon: I'll just add some color. If you look at year-on-year generics, that's $0.02 to $0.03 down versus a year ago. As we talked about the impact of the lower flu incidents of about 100 basis points in totality is another $0.02 to $0.03. And then building on Greg, we did see some reimbursement pressure. I would not say that it was unplanned reimbursement pressure. I think that's been for some time that while it's always cut by the layer that this is kind of an 18-month period that we see to be maybe a little bit more challenging that unusual. But again, I don't think there is anything we have unanticipated. But I think moving forward, all three of these things have a potential to get stabilize and get stronger over time.
Ed Kelly - Credit Suisse: Does this contract with CVS Caremark change your view on growth at all going forward whether it be new store openings or acquisitions? Does it mean that you want to throw olds faster?
Greg Wasson: I'm not going to comment much on the CVS Caremark situation itself. But our plans haven't changed regarding our organic growth rate that we sit out there of 2.5% to 3% by the end of fiscal 2011. We still have a strong balance sheet. We're going to be looking for acquisitions that make sense strategically. And so our plans still remain as they have been over the past several months and a year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to get a feel for how much of a headwind we're going to be facing here from the swine flu in the fourth quarter, because swine flu obviously was building from basically this point all the way through December. And just want to get an idea how much of a drag we should expect on both the prescription copy and the front-end.
Greg Wasson: Last year, as we've said, we administered 5.5 million seasonal flu shots in addition to a couple of million H1N1. And most of that was in the first quarter. So we're going to get about 7.5 million total flu shots. We expect to play a big role in the seasonal flu program this fall. Last year, I think we had 16,000 to 17,000 of our pharmacists certified. Today, Kermit Crawford is with me, tells me we have about 23,000 certified pharmacists. We're looking forward to adding the Duane Reade pharmacists of nearly 1,000 to participate. So we did a good job last year. We certainly expect to do a better job this year.
Kermit Crawford: We're certainly looking forward to another strong flu season. Like Greg said, 23,000 of our pharmacists are certified. Over 91% of our stores have two full-time certified pharmacists in it. So when we look at the pneumonia, Zostavax, tetanus, other immunizations, we look to have a very strong season this year.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: I understand you'd like to get back to a normal flu season patter. But this fourth quarter that we're working on now has got a very big swine flu year-ago it's comparing against, I'm just curious if you could quantify how big that was.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think, Mark, we actually experienced quite a bit at this third quarter and in fact probably a significant amount of third quarter that we're going against. And we absolutely anticipated in fourth quarter, I don't know if I've got the number that Wade can give, but it is a headwind. We anticipate aggressively going after more flu shots in the first quarter as well as the tail-end of the fourth quarter.
Wade Miquelon: I think you saw the impact more this last quarter, and then it remains to be seen in the first quarter. For the fourth quarter, I don't think there is going to be a huge impact either way. There is a big upside on the flu shot part of the season which should hopefully offset any reduction in the first quarter from the overall trend.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, Wade, on the SG&A cost savings, for a long time you were talking about 25% of that savings coming out of the Florida Central Fill. Have you really achieved much of that or is that really also to come in 2011? And what areas are you looking for in 2011 to get the additional $500 millions in savings?
Wade Miquelon: What we've actually said is that the 25% of our $250 million is actually a broader umbrella of transforming community pharmacy, which Florida POWER plays one part, but it's much broader than that. So if you look at our aggregate across the country, the work to be done, and Kermit, maybe you can comment, we're confident that we'll be able to deliver that. Beyond that, we've got indirect spend, opportunities as well as corporate field and other SG&A opportunities. So all three buckets would step up next year. And there is a big step up in the TCRx what we call the transform community pharmacy overall umbrella. 
Kermit Crawford: Yes, Mark, we're very confident that we're going to beat our cost savings goal for 2011 under TCRx. But in addition to that, we've talked about enhancing our customer experience and our customer service. And we've put some automation and enhanced some of our technology to improve customer service by using up some of the additional capacity we have in the system. For example, if a patient were to touch on a prescription in tomorrow in one of our 25-hour stores, our scheduling system now schedules that prescription to be filled on the overnight where we have capacity, therefore freeing up the pharmacists during the day. So we're filling the same number of prescriptions, but we're creating more free time during the day. And as well, the third part of that was the (inaudible) services, which we talked about the flu and other immunizations. So all three of those parts of TCRx we think are on track.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, Kermit, while we've got you, obviously during the dispute with CVS, there was some disclosure that Maintenance Choice was pressuring you. Is there anything you can do to counter that as they continue to build that out?
Kermit Crawford: Mark, as we talked about, we're very pleased with our agreement that we have with CVS. We would not go into any of the specific details around that agreement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Just a question on the SG&A growth, 6% SG&A dollar growth, and that's adjusted obviously. But, Wade, can you help me understand what the SG&A dollar growth is doing at store level, and is there a bigger component coming out of some of the corporate activities herein in the fourth quarter?
Wade Miquelon: We try to get the bridge before. It's a fairly complex bridge. But at the store level, yes, we have some base level store salary inflation, maybe 18 bps as a percent of sales. We also might have been a bit of occupancy. Our occupancy is up about 20 bps as a percent of sales. And that's really driven by the fact that we've skewed over the last three years more store openings to really the A+ sites on the East Coast and West Coast. Other than that, we've given a little bit of a walk here in the presentation. I know Rick can share with you the details. But in aggregate, I'd also say, for the number of stores that we opened over the period, 6%, when taking out Duane Reade, it's about as good as we've done in many years. It's trending in the right direction. Again, what primarily drives SG&A right now is new store openings. And like I said, some folks might have missed a bit of just the baseline inflation in store salaries as well as the occupancy.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: I'm sorry, I don't have the presentation right in front of me here, Wade, but the 6%, is that roughly what's going on at store level as well?
Wade Miquelon: No, the store level would be much less on a same-store basis, anywhere from 1% to 2% (short), which is really primarily driven by store salary inflation. And like I said, there is about 20 bps as a percent of sales from increased occupancy. And again, that's because of the decision to open more stores in A+ site on the East Coast and West Coast.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: And just one question on your working capital here. It sounds like inventory is up a little bit, and I wondered if store level inventory is down. But where the rest of the inventory? Is that something we should be thinking about coming out of the system in the fourth quarter?
Wade Miquelon: The same store inventory is actually down, right? And I think we made good progress there. That down across the board in stores as well as our distribution chain. I think we had opportunity to continue to improve that both in pharmacy as well as the front-end, and we'll do so. But again, on a same store basis, we've made progress. Again, albeit not as much as we made in prior periods, but I don't think that we've run the gamut on that yet.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Can you quantify how much opportunity there is in terms of inventory reduction?
Wade Miquelon: I'd hate to do it here on this call. I mean obviously we haven't announced anything publicly, but I think we've obviously got a lot of low-hanging fruit opportunity already from some of the store network, streamlining that. But now, we're looking more holistically at our supply chain opportunities there to operate a bit different; change how we think about some of the buffer stocks, replenishment etcetera. And so I think that that's kind of the next generation if you will, of improvement.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Meredith Adler with Barclays Capital.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: I was hoping we could talk a little bit more detail, first about reimbursement rate. Is it fair to say that when you talk about fewer generics, you've got older generics macking, and newer generics, there aren't as many of them coming in at a more profitable stage. Or are we seeing lower reimbursement per script for the drugs that are macked? What I'm saying is, is it a mix of age or the level of reimbursement?
Greg Wasson: Meredith, it's a little of both. To your point, I think some of the older macks are coming down a little bit, as well as the newer are coming down a little more quickly. But at the same time, I do think that the bottom-line is that generic utilization is a win, win, win for everyone. And our focus is to continue to drive a higher percentage of generic utilization. And I think when we see more and more come out the latter half of 2011-2012 for our fiscal year, certainly we'd see the benefit there. We're watching Mack's diligently with all payers.
Wade Miquelon: I think Greg said it, but we are at a temporary period of fewer new generics. At the back end of calendar 2011, that starts to change dramatically. So that is what it is.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And then you've talked about 90-day at retail has been boosting comps. Could you talk about whether you see that concept, that kind of program expanding? Are you working on joint ventures with PBMs? And then I also have a question about limited networks.
Greg Wasson: I absolutely think that a retail 90 benefit and offering is going to become a greater and greater part of the pharmacy industry. I think as more and more generics come out, we see a greater percentage of chronic prescription drugs. And 90-day retail benefit just makes sense. I think the good thing is that employers who have had only a 90-day mail benefit for years, by adding a retail 90 in a broad network of retailers, it gives them the opportunity to one, give their employees a benefit that had they had not wanted to use mail, lower cost by increasing the penetration of total 90-day prescriptions. And a broader network can be put together to give choice as well.
Wade Miquelon: I think the evidence is coming out that one of the best ways to reduce overall healthcare costs is through better adherence. And 90-day is clearly a tool to drive better adherence and compliance. So I think that that trend is also favorable and we'll see that play out over time.
Greg Wasson: So Meredith, to your point, we're working with all payers; all PBMs, managed care organizations to provide them a 90-day retail solution.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: But is 90-day at retail profitable if everybody is able to do it, if you're not getting any of the benefits of sort of a limited network for 90 days?
Wade Miquelon: Of course, just like 30-day is profitable with the same open network, so is 90-day. And I mean it could be structured in a win, win for both the payer, but also for us. And like I said, drives adherence and compliance, and provides an innate list from that over time as well.
Greg Wasson: Yes, with what we're able to bring to all payers in a situation where they are able to put a broad network together, you figure Meredith, you take to cost to fill this out, you have a reimbursement that makes sense. It's a win-win for everyone.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And limited networks, where do you think that goes, and are you concerned that that leads to significant more competition on reimbursement cost?
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think limited networks in some form or fashion have been around for years. You go all the way back to the 80s where (inaudible) most restricted networks. We know that patients do want choice, and there are ways to provide value and lower cost, and provide choice at the same time. So I think there would be limited networks around, and there always have been. I do think that folks can balance both choice and value and cost with a broader network. And I think that's what we're seeing more of.
Wade Miquelon: We haven't seen an uptake in that. I mean, at the end of the day, if that's where it wants to go, having a 20% share and being within 5 miles or 75% of the population, I think that we're positioned extremely well in that case.
Greg Wasson: And Meredith, I think you may begin to see preferred networks based on performance, which we would welcome.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And you don't think that leads to more competition between retailers on reimbursement rate?
Greg Wasson: No I think where healthcare is going is, the provider that can really show value with clinical outcomes, reduced cost, provide choice, to lower the entire medical spend versus just the pharmacy spend is where we are headed as a country as well as us as a company.
Operator: Moving on to David Magee, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Couple of questions, one, the question about the flu season that's this fall, last year there was a lot of attention being paid to H1N1 and obviously a lot of vaccines being given. I understand that you're better positioned this year than last year, in which you had a good performance. Do you think that the public will be as aware of it this year, and will be as motivated as last fall, and if you had a shot last fall, do you have to go back at all?
Greg Wasson: Latter question, yes. The CDC recommends a seasonal annual flu shot. And there was probably some heightened concern last year due to the H1N1 pandemic. I think the fact of the matter is that there is more and more folks getting seasonal flu shots year-over-year because of the effectiveness. We do know that there were around a 150 million or so doses produced last year. Looks like the latest info we're getting is that there are going to be more produced this year. So we feel good with how we're positioned. And well, David, it's interesting combining the seasonal flu shot with H1N1 in the same dose. So I think people will probably tend to be more interested because they can get both in one dose.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: The second question has to do with the performance on the CCR pilot stores. You've had an acceleration here of late. Does that have upward potential to it? And I think somebody earlier asked about the non-pilot stores, how they were doing. I didn't hear the answer on that one.
Greg Wasson: We're feeling good about the trend we're seeing in CCR. As I said, we were 1.9% in the pilot stores that are reported on Q2, 2.6% in those pilot stores overall this year. I feel good that we're making real progress in the complement category. That's where we sell the significant (mess) on some of the SKUs. And at the same time, what we're beginning to see, David, is that last year when we began closing out the 4,000 SKUs, that was companywide. And what we're beginning to see now is as the new planograms come in nationwide, we're adding items. We're beyond kind of the optimizing the SKU level. We're actually enhancing the categories and the departments that we're putting on chain-wide. So we're not only seeing improvement in the CCR stores, but we're beginning to see improvement based on enhanced categories chain-wide.
Wade Miquelon: And, Dave, let me just maybe address part of the underpinning of your question. But we have been very diligent about looking market-by-market of control and pilot stores and our market share in those markets as well the overall share in comps. And as we illustrated here, we feel pretty good that our aggregate comps on apple-to-apples basis outperformed our top three competitors, which basically means that the control is strong too.
Greg Wasson: So obviously it's a tough environment out there, but we have to make sure that we're not only looking at whatever the comp is, but making sure that from a market share point of view on a competitive basis that we're actually outperforming others.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So do you think that 2.6 is an appropriate proxy to the more recent Convergent?
Wade Miquelon: Absolutely. And I think you can extrapolate again our aggregate versus other comps and add the 2.6 as a hopefully baseline or better move forward.
Operator: And next from (Susquehanna) we'll go to Bob Summers.
Unidentified Analyst: Just wanted to dig a little bit more into the SG&A line and better understand about the change in the net cost savings. And I can't access the presentation right now. What the four quarter trailing average store growth is? And understand maybe why we're not doing a little better job on that line at this point.
Greg Wasson: Well, Bob, I'll jump in and then have Wade give more details. I agree with his comment earlier. I think we removed Duane Reade in light of the 5.9% new store growth. Our SG&A trend is pretty consistent with where we have been over the last two or three years. We certainly didn't fall out of bed. We certainly know that there's opportunity, we are going to keep pushing. The goal I have, that I have given this team is to make sure that that two-year stack year-over-year continuously go down. I am sorry you can't open the presentation, but when you look at the bar graph, the two-years stack with Duane Reade out, we have continued to improve year-over-year on a two-year stack.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, sort of secondly with respect to the overall sales environment, two questions. First, are you starting to see any impact from people rolling off of discounted Cobra? And then, second, with respect to the front-end, where's the incremental pressure coming from? Are you seeing share loss to discounters or dollar stores, and are you concerned that some of this given the overall employment market is a little but structural longer term?
Greg Wasson: I can't say that we've seen anything on people rolling off Cobra, and maybe it's something we should dig into. Well, I can't say we are seeing that. Bob, as far as the front-end I think we are still seeing some continued pressure on the discretionary categories, although we're feeling better with what we are seeing currently. As I said, we are beginning to roll out some new and enhanced planograms and categories chain-wide. In addition to CCR, we're beginning to roll back some of the private brand as I said from Duane Reade. But as far as the pressure, it's mainly still in the discretionary categories, because customers are still holding on to their cash a little bit.
Wade Miquelon: And Bob, I would add that, further in this sluggish economy, finances are an important cause of low adherence to prescription medication therapies. So between the economy and a tough H1N1 comparison of last spring, I think that is more what's happening in this quarter on the pharmacy side of the business.
Unidentified Analyst: And then lastly, you talked about a 50 basis point lift from the alcohol rollout. Where do you see that trending, or what's your own bogey of where it can go?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think there's no reason that shouldn't be able to be in 2% to 3% of the front-end over time. But of course, its how many you roll out and when you cycle, whatever, but I would say that's kind of I think what it should comprise. So what it is in terms of actual lift would depend upon the timing of when they're rolled out and how you cycle that.
Greg Wasson: I feel we had to watch, Bob, the basket that comes with that which we're encouraged by.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Debra Weinswig with Citi.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: I know it's early, but any unexpected benefits so far from the Duane Reade acquisition?
Greg Wasson: I think certainly, as I said we are really encouraged and excited. But with there private brand, frankly expertise in what they've done with private brand in that market, and that's the reason we're pulling back some of that in August as we said to begin to see what kind of lift we can get throughout the chain. So, I think there is huge opportunity there. Their loyalty card, they just re-launched it a couple of months ago. They're seeing pretty good results from it. I think we can certainly learn from some of the things they are doing as we pilot our loyalty card. Cosmetics & Beauty, we're excited there, I think their fresh food, urban retailing. So, the more excited we are and the more we think that we can pull out their expertise back through the chain.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: As you roll out some of their private label into your traditional Walgreen stores, what will that replace, if you will, in your existing stores?
Greg Wasson: It's interesting, we do a terrific job as you might expect in, kind of, the health and beauty private brand products, you know, the (inaudible) and so forth that we are known for. Where we under-penetrate and have over the years is in consumables, and that's where they over-excel, and in their delicious snacks, their cookies, their food, their consumable items. So, we are going to continue to drive and enhance our OTC offering, which we've done well for years. But we think they can really help us in the consumable space.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, and in another way I think we've done a great job at kind of the me-too at a better value for consumers. But I think that, in terms of really differentiated propositions, in particular in food, they are really best-in-class doing a great job.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: And then also, Wade, as you look at it from today, because obviously you've had a lot of excess in traction with regards to expense reduction, what would you look at, say, as the biggest expense reduction opportunities going forward?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think the key thing is to deliver on; job number one, is to deliver on our Rewire commitment. We've got that planned; now we have to just run that play. So, I say that's good news. Beyond that we're actually doing a lot of work, what I would call in two different streams. One is kind of the day to day, how do we think about making increments in everything we do everyday. We have a group now dedicated to that, and separately also what are the next big breakthroughs, what are the big structural areas we should be looking out to transform. And we've got some ideas there as well. But I think I guess just to wrap it up I think that the first job number one is to deliver on the rewire commitment and put that to bed, while we also figure out as a company how to be more systemic and not make these cost reductions a once-every-five-year event - really build it into our day-to-day. So we're challenging everything all the time, how can we do it better, more efficiently, faster, and we've put significant resources and a new structure around that for the company. So I feel pretty good that on a going basis that we'll be more on a continual process there.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: And the last question, I agreed with your comments with regards to front-end comps, and when you look at your front-end comps versus the peers, it doesn't look like you're losing share to anyone else in the drug store channel. It doesn't necessarily look like there's anyone out there in the competitive landscape of all retail that's doing particularly well, maybe the club channel. Where do you think consumers are going to buy those items?
Greg Wasson: Overall, I think consumers are just pulling back their spending in total Debra. But I do think that we are encouraged, when we look at apples-to-apples that we are winning against our major competitors, and we are digging share across many markets. So I think it's some that's cut back on discretionary spend in total.
Wade Miquelon: If you look at the internals, our food traffic remains strong, which is people are coming, the items remains fairly strong. It's really the dollar'ing per item, where people had to trade down or make sacrifices. You see it in the other trends too in terms of people spending more after paycheck and less at the end of it, people who move more away from credit to cash etcetera. So I think it really is aggregate right now; is the bit of a suppressed consumer, which I think is good for us as this comes back. But I think the key thing we're doing is, through CCR and the other efforts to make our stores much more relevant. First, I think its big opportunity to make those assets more accretive over time. And so the items we're launching in the new environment is going to help with that.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: And also, as you are building out your loyalty card and as you are building out your private label, it seems that you have a real opportunity in this environment to capture if you will this "new consumer" as well.
Greg Wasson: Yes, we definitely would agree with that. I think there is tremendous opportunity to grow our private brand offering. And that creates loyalty in itself as you know.
Wade Miquelon: And as Rick said before, if you look at beer and wine for example, beer and wine is not just what we're going to get for the list over time. We're finding when you do the basket diagnostics, that actually we're picking up more of that flow item or less consumer, who might not come by Walgreens because there was one or two items they couldn't get through that Mini shop. And that gives us a lot of encouragement.
Operator: Our final question will come from Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: Wade, on the generic impact, I think you said it was $0.02 to $0.03 in the quarter versus last year. Can you at all tell us when do you think that bottom, I mean you are kind of hinting at it, that it's sometime between now and sort of next few quarters and are you implying that even though fiscal '11 through August 11 is not going to be when the big waves kicks in that you are still going to have, that swing will turn positive in fiscal '11 on generic?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, we have a step down this whole year; so, we've seen it throughout the year. We're going to have another bit of a step down next year and then really at the en of calendar '11 is where we get a really nice step up and then the following year an even nicer step up. So, I hesitate to quantify the exact numbers in part, because actually no one can predict exactly when these things hit. But that's the basic pattern.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: So is it fair to say that $0.02 to $0.03 is kind of the worst type of impact you would expect in realizing it's more like horse shoes than precise, but at least in terms of magnitude that's about as big you would expect in any one quarter?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I say next year you could see another one to two on top of it, but we've got a lot of good stuff going as well. So, I mean, in aggregates there's lots of big moving parts, but we do see a bit of a step down next year, not to the degree we've seen this year and then I guess that we started to see a sequential year step up.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: And then on the house keeping side, I think you talked about the AWP lawsuit settlement, that's still running at about $25 million a quarter?
Greg Wasson: Yes, about the same flow-through.
Wade Miquelon: We'll start to cycle that next fall.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: I think in the past you've called out the dilutive expense from clinics. Is that neutral this year or is that still a dilutive churn?
Wade Miquelon: That's now moving to slightly accretive. So on a relative basis, it's not accretive. It's still a loss, but it's less loss than the year ago. And I would expect that that's going to keep becoming relatively accretive moving forward. And we are still very much big believers in this. Not only from an amazing experience what it does to our halo effect, but also our stores are now moving into three and four years. Many of those are moving into the black and that's now the kind of torture test of fully loaded economics with no benefits in the front-end or the script basis. So again on a relative basis, it's year-over-year accretive, but where also the older ones are ramping nicely as planned. So, it gives us a lot of confidence that this is the way to go.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: In terms of Bob's question with some of the extended (covers) falling off, it might be interesting to see since there are cheaper ways to get healthcare if you're not insured how that goes?
Greg Wasson: We definitely think we're going to be able to play a big role in the access challenges with healthcare reform, Andy, as you might expect. That's the reason we're so bullish on these clinics.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: And on the front-end, you said the markdowns were lower, is that due to the competitive environment in anyway or is it just due to the amount of markdowns you took last year with the rewire?
Greg Wasson: The amount of markdowns we took last year due to rewire.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: And are you saying that the competitive environment is about the same? I mean, I'm seeing some signs of rationality versus some of the competitors like the supermarkets where some milk prices are moving up and I think in prior quarters they were using them as loss leaders? So well, how would you characterize incrementally the competitive environment overall in retail?
Greg Wasson: I'd say it's pretty much what we've seen in the past six months to 12, I think there are folks that are out there still trying to go after the discretionary spend with consumers. I do think and as I said we're encouraged with what we're seeing currently. We'll see, I think people are still watching their, Andy.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: My last question is on your direct-to-employer offering. Is there a way or is that an offering that can be run by an HR department in parallel with a PBM that has a mandatory element to it where the maintenance drugs could still be done in that type of a situation?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Andy, we have several relationships where we have direct arrangements with a payer over the years. The real opportunity we have, as you know, is we lead with the worksite health center solution that we have. And once we get in and really begin to provide real value and build the relationship with employers, there is other services that we can offer that we're able to deliver. If that indeed includes prescription drugs, then we can do that as well. But what we really want to do is get in and provide real value to an employers medical spend in total.
Rick Hans: Folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We'll announce June monthly sales on July 6. The next quarterly financial announcement will be September 28. That's when we'll announce fiscal 2010 fourth quarter and yearend results. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-03-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Greg Wasson  President & CEO Wade Miquelon  EVP & CFO Rick Hans  Divisional VP IR & Finance 
Analysts:  Lisa Gill  JPMorgan  Mark Miller  William Blair  Robert Willoughby  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Neil Currie  UBS  John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs  Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets Debra Weinswig  Citi Scott Mushkin  Jefferies Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Walgreen Co. second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the conference to Rick Hans; please go ahead sir.
Rick Hans: Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson our President and CEO will discuss the quarters highlights and sales trends, the flus impact on our results, acquisitions, customer centric retailing, and the recent restructuring of our healthcare divisions. Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will detail the second quarter financial results before we begin taking your calls. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time.  As a reminder I am available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under Investor Relations at Walgreens.com. After the call this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Were also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.  Now Ill turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you Rick and thank you everyone for joining us on our call. Before I move into our quarterly numbers, let me share a few thoughts on the historic healthcare Bill that passed the House on Sunday. The Bill will impact us both as an employer and a provider and weve said all along that we support the three-core tenant of healthcare reform, improved quality, greater access to care and lower cost. The Bill is expected to provide health insurance to an additional 32 million Americans and we expect to benefit from that as a provider. As an employer of 238,000 people well be examining the impact of the Bill on our workforce and our retirees along with the Bills financial implications. In future calls well share with you more details of its impact, particularly as changes to the Senate Bill are directed through the reconciliation process. Now lets move to our quarterly results, net sales for the quarter were nearly $17 billion, up 3.1% over a year ago. We managed our business in a soft economy and through a significantly lower incidence of flu compared with a year ago. Net earnings were up 4.6% to $660 million from $640 million a year ago. Earnings per diluted share were $0.68, a 4.6% increase from $0.65 per diluted share last year. The quarter includes the impact of $0.02 per share of restructuring related costs compared with an impact of $0.06 in the year ago quarter. We continued to generate strong cash flow from operations in the quarter reaching $595 million.  This cash flow not only supported our strategic investments in the quarter including our announced acquisition of Duane Reade drugstores in New York but it also allowed us to return $370 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. For the first six months of the fiscal year sales increased 6.1% while net earnings increased 10.5% to $1.2 billion or $1.17 per share.  The unusual pattern of this years flu season impacted our overall comparable sales performance for the quarter. Both scripts and front end sales spiked in the first quarter when the flu hit hard and were relatively weak in the second quarter when the flu subsided.  This quarter in particular was helped by the seven million seasonal and H1N1 flu shots that we provided this fiscal year. We remain focused on growing market share through organic store growth, acquisitions, prescription file purchases, and strong store execution. Over the past six years the annual number of retail prescriptions in the US has grown 15%. In that same time period the number of prescriptions we fill each year has grown 61%. Weve also steadily grown our market share from less than 14% in 2004 to 18.9% of all retail prescriptions today according to IMS health data. Id like to bring you up to date on the progress weve been making on our three key strategies; leveraging the best store network in America, enhancing the customer experience, and achieving major cost reductions and productivity gains.  Let me start with the impact of one of our very important initiatives and thats slowing new store openings. This initiative is freeing up cash for strategic acquisitions even while we open more new stores than all of our drugstore competitors combined today.  The acquisitions help to fill in important regions of the country and widen our footprint more quickly than through organic growth. As you can see from this map, in just the past few years weve strategically filled in our store base with acquisitions of pharmacies from El Amal in Puerto Rico, Drug Fair in New Jersey, Eaton Apothecary in Boston, Snyders in Minnesota, and last weeks announcement of 17 USA Drug pharmacies in the Memphis market.  And our most significant retail acquisition was last months agreement with Duane Reade drugstores. Duane Reades 257 drugstores in the New York Metro area are an exciting acquisition for us for several reasons. First, finding good real estate in Manhattan is very challenging. It would take us many years of organic growth to reach the store count that this acquisition brings us.  Second, Duane Reade store footprint in New York is also highly complimentary to our own existing store base so together well be able to use this critical mass to drive additional growth in the highly attractive northeast markets.  Third, we see significant complimentary strengths between Duane Reades focus on urban retailing, customer loyalty, and private brand products and our own initiatives in pharmacy, health and wellness, and customer centric retailing.  Together we intend to build a unique urban drugstore proposition. One other transition this year Id like to note is the acquisition of the prescription files from SpecialtyScripts LLC, a subsidiary of Cardinal Health. Acquisitions like this are important part of building our specialty pharmacy business.  Now Id like to move to our second core strategy, enhancing the customer experience. One of our key initiatives under this strategy is CCR, or customer centric retailing and as promised on our December earnings call were going to take a deep dive into CCR in order to give you a little more color on this call.  Ill start by showing you a few photos of one of our fully converted CCR stores including our new dcor package. This is our over the counter and pharmacy section where you see the arts that calls out the pharmacy. Also notice the lower fixture heights that allow customers to identify the pharmacy from anywhere in the store. This shot shows the new beauty area, an important department to 75% of our customers who are female and an area where we intend to grow. Here is our food and consumable section. Were adding beer and wine and looking at more fresh food offerings in the future. And finally our photo plus department where we have the number one market share in the country in photo finishing and have even more services under consideration. So as weve said from the beginning weve looked at CCR as a four way win. It will improve sales. It will reduce working capital deployed. It will take work out of the stores, and it will provide a better customer experience with greater relevancy and efficiency for our shoppers.  Next Ill cover the four key drivers of CCR, first were optimizing our existing assortments. Weve identified the best selling high value products that best meet the needs of our customers. In the process we eliminated roughly 3500 SKUs per store. Second, were improving our category and product adjacencies in order to help our shoppers easily find and purchase related items.  We call this solution selling and a good example is our new dental category. Dental products are now adjacent to shaving needs, bringing together categories that are part of the customers morning routine. And third, were improving sightlines throughout the store by lowering the profile of our merchandise and improving our signage.  Finally, were refreshing all of our stores with a new dcor package which will brighten the stores with contemporary colors and updated signage. An important first step in the CCR process was categorizing all of our products into four classes. Our strategy is to win in the categories that are most important to us while offering an assortment of the most important products in our convenience categories.  Heres how weve segmented our product categories and the percentage of SKUs that we removed from each class. Our significant class, includes the categories we are known for and we intend to win in. This includes categories like vitamins. Next is the power class, these are categories in which we want to be the best in the drugstore industry such as hair care.  Third is staples, everyday needs, like paper goods and fourth is the complement class, which are the impulse buys or convenience items in categories like automotive. So with that as background, heres where we are today with CCR. Now its important to keep in mind that when we talk about CCR weve converted nearly 700 stores and we have parts of CCR rolled out across the entire chain.  So to start, weve eliminated as Ive said around 3500 SKUs per store. Weve reset 36 categories chain-wide to the new CCR assortment which account for nearly 40% of our frontend sales and these 36 categories now include the solution selling I described earlier and increased facings of 800 products.  This is intended to not only increase sales but also to decrease both stock replenishment time and out of stocks of our better selling products across the chain. In addition, across all 7100 stores, were dedicating more space to key categories like skin care and vitamins. Were also adding entirely new categories like beer and wine.  Currently we offer a moderate selection of beer and wine in more than 2500 stores and were looking to grow that number to 5000 by the end of our fiscal year. In the 700 converted stores, weve optimized category adjacencies and assortments and improved sightlines with lower shelving and this spring were adding the new dcor package.  And weve worked to refine our costs for this refresh initiative. To date, we have a complete conversion package including the new dcor package at an estimated cost of $40 to $55,000 per store and we expect to improve on those costs as we move forward.  Lets now look at some of the early results, first as the ultimate goal of CCR is to improve our customer shopping experience heres what theyve had to say. More customers say the converted stores feel more open and spacious. They also say they can get in and out more quickly while enjoying a more pleasant shopping experience. Their perception of us as a health and wellness retailer is increasing, and finally were getting good feedback on how were providing value for their shopping dollar on the products they want. Next CCRs impact on inventory reduction has been dramatic. Total inventory has been reduced by more than $500 million chain wide and I want to point out that this alone more than pays for the entire initiative. Lastly were seeing good results with CCR in removing work from our stores due to fewer store level SKUs, increased spacings of our better selling items and lighter stockrooms. As a result were hearing from store managers that they have less replenishment work to do. This means we can use those labor savings for more customer service and additional cost savings which are included in our Rewiring for Growth initiative.  Now well give you some color on CCRs impact on sales, lets start with data on how our four product classes have performed in the 31 pilot stores compared with a controlled group. Our best data comes from these stores since they have been converted the longest. When we compare them its important to keep in mind that even the controlled group benefited from CCR changes weve made chain wide including the assortment optimization and category resets. In addition the pilot stores have not had the benefit of our new dcor package which is just now rolling out.  As you can see on this slide pilot stores are outperforming the control group in each product class except complement. And taking all product classes together sales in the pilot stores are up nearly 2%. I also want to point out the data below the chart which shows the percent of front end sales for each product class.  The signature class accounts for 29% of front end sales and has outperformed the control group by nearly 5%. The power class accounts for nearly half of front end sales and is outperforming the control group by 3%. Staples, a smaller class, accounts for only 17% of front end sales and shows a slight sales increase versus the control group. And finally the complement class is the smallest in terms of front end sales at 6% and has underperformed the control group by about 8%, partly due to a dramatic SKU and space reduction. We intend to add some items back to this class and Ill cover that a little later.  Overall were happy with the results were seeing from the pilot stores and we expect the trends to get even better when these stores receive the new dcor package. As we said the next step was to pilot CCR to two main markets. Our two goals were to verify that we could roll this out to an entire market with a minimum of disruption and within budget.  And secondly we wanted to gather learnings from piloting it in a mass market in terms of its performance at a market-wide level. In terms of comp sales, Houston and Dallas are today underperforming the rest of the company primarily reflecting regional economic conditions. However since rolling out CCR, the stores in these two markets have seen their market share slightly improve compared with the inbound trend.  One other trend weve also noticed was that for stores with a higher percentage of sales coming from the complement categories, there was a greater decline in overall front end sales. Clearly the greater SKU reduction in the complement categories led to a more pronounced sales impact in these select stores.  So though weve always merchandized our stores by peer groups, the key learning out of Houston and Dallas is that CCR needs to be further tailored according to these groupings. Weve already added back on average a few hundred relevant items and more on the way to stores with a higher percentage of sales coming from the complement class. In addition to optimizing our existing assortments, were now working to enhance our product assortment. We currently have approximately 20 enhanced categories scheduled to hit stores chain wide this summer such as our new electronics department. And we expect to have converted between 2500 and 3000 stores by late fall 2010.  The next 1200 store conversions will lean more to stores with less dependence on the complement class. This gives us more time to make the needed adjustments to CCR plans for the stores hardest hit by the SKU reductions in the complement product class. And of course all CCR stores moving forward will have the benefit of the new dcor package.  So wrapping up our CCR discussion, our early results absolutely show were moving in the right direction. Customer satisfaction has been positive. Were incorporating learnings from early roll outs to improve the offering and its produced good economics for the company. Weve already seen as I said a $500 million reduction in inventory.  Id like to turn now to a significant announcement we made earlier this month intended to drive our revenue and top line growth. We announced the strategic restructuring of our healthcare divisions in order to offer integrated pharmacy and health and wellness solutions to our wide range of clients including employers, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and government agencies.  Today were going directly to these clients with a single sales and client services organization for the entire company headed by Hal Rosenbluth. Kermit Crawford, our Executive Vice President of Pharmacy, will oversee the integration of our specialty pharmacy, home care, infusion, long-term care businesses, with our retail pharmacy business. And were looking forward to the upcoming selling season.  Before closing, let me briefly touch on our third category of reducing costs and increasing productivity. We continue to make significant progress executing on this strategy and as this chart shows we controlled SG&A growth even in a weak sales environment. Our gross profit dollar growth slightly exceeded our SG&A dollar growth in the quarter.  We remain on track to deliver a billion dollars in annual savings in fiscal 2011 under our Rewiring For Growth. With the progress weve made in the last quarter I can assure you we remain confident in our three key strategies while managing to a soft economy. With our ongoing focus on growth we are making strategic acquisitions that were enabled by our strong cash position. As we continue rolling out CCR were moving ahead with our success while responding to customer feedback and applying learnings.  Our goal is to deliver the most compelling value with respect to convenience, assortment, and price. Were restructuring to bring our pharmacy and health and wellness services into one cohesive integrated solution, one that leverages our center of gravity, our community drugstores and allows us to serve all of our clients better.  And these solutions are aligned with the goals of healthcare reform. As I like to say, Walgreens is skating where the puck will be and were well positioned on the front line of healthcare to do so. Thank you for joining us today and at this time Ill ask Wade to update you on the financial results from the quarter.
Wade Miquelon : Thank you Greg and good morning everyone. Lets review the quarters results in more detail, in the quarter net sales increased 3.1%. Net earnings were up 4.6% and earnings per diluted share were $0.68 or $659 million, up from $0.65 per diluted share or $640 million in the same quarter a year ago.  This quarters results include the impact of $0.02 in restructuring related costs associated with the companys Rewiring For Growth initiatives and that compares with $0.06 in costs in the year ago quarter. Prescriptions sales rose 3.2% and represented 63% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales in comp stores rose 0.6%.  We filled 192 million prescriptions during the quarter, an increase of 6% from a year ago and that includes the benefit of 0.9 percentage points from patients filling 90-day rather than 30-day scripts. On a comp store basis, the number of prescriptions filled increased 3.4% and that includes the benefit of 1.3 percentage points from 90-day scripts.  The second quarter was significantly impacted by the level of the flu. This slide illustrates just how much the flu season has varied over the past three years. During our fiscal second quarter included in the red line you can see the instance of flu dips below the previous two years. This years number shows the early rise in flu cases.  Thats what contributed substantially to our first quarters 19.6% earnings increase. I would also like to note these stats released by the CDC in February. Only 1.8% of doctor visits near the end of February were flu-related compared with 3.5% in late February, 2009 and an even larger 6% two years ago.  Let me say a few words about our front end comp store sales, these sales in the quarter were down 1.6% primarily due to the weaker flu season and the way weve managed seasonal inventory and seasonal sales. Now when viewing a true apples to apples time period, that compares our front end comps with our top three competitors, we are outperforming them in the same periods they most recently reported as shown in this chart.  Gross profit in the second quarter was $4.9 billion, a 5.1% increase versus the year ago quarter. Gross margin increased 50 basis points compared with the year ago quarter to 28.8%. Helping overall margins were improved seasonal margins due to decreased markdown activity year over year, a lower provision for LIFO and lower Rewiring For Growth expenses. Retail pharmacy margins were flat partly driven by a slower year over year rate of generic introductions. The two year stacked SG&A dollar growth shows substantial improvement compared with the year ago quarter, dropping from 16.9% to 12.6%. And as we cycle these comparisons it is more difficult to continue on that pace of SG&A reduction. Some of that improvement can be traced to benefits from our Rewiring For Growth initiative. This chart summarizes the savings and costs for Rewiring For Growth restructuring since the year ago quarter. Total Rewire expenses for the quarter were $28 million and for the first six months they totaled $70 million. We anticipate approximately $140 million in Rewire expenses in fiscal 2010. We remain on target for a net pre-tax savings of about $500 million this fiscal year and a net pre-tax savings of $1 billion in fiscal 2011, both versus our base year of 2008. Now lets review some additional income statement details, the LIFO provision was $27 million versus $49 million in the second quarter of 2009. That represents an anticipated LIFO provision of 1.5% for the year. Next are the $28 million from restructuring costs in the quarter including $6 million in SKU discontinuation, $17 million in consulting and other expenses and $5 million in costs associated with the workforce reductions.  The effective tax rate was 37% compared with a tax rate of 36.7% in the year ago period. And we expect a tax rate of approximately 37% for the fiscal year. Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable are the components of working capital that we can most directly impact. The net sum of these as compared to sales fell 6.3% in the quarter compared with the year ago. Total inventories were down $400 million or 5.1% against total sales growth of 3.1% and total drugstore growth of 7.5%. Among other interventions, we were helped by our SKU optimization program, the sell through of which is now 85% complete. FIFO total inventories on a per store basis fell 9.6% in the second quarter. Controlling inventory continues to be a top priority.  As you can see we have consistently made great strides over the past six quarters. Cash flow from operations for the first half of the fiscal year was $1.8 billion. Free cash flow increased to $1.2 billion in the first six months versus $648 million for the same period last year and cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $3.1 billion while long-term debt totaled $2.3 billion.  To update you on capital expenditures, we had previously estimated about $1.6 billion this fiscal year of spend. We now expect to be closer to $1.4 billion with the change primarily due to strategic delays in the new POS system rollout.  You will recall that last month we announced that we are purchasing Duane Reade for a total enterprise value of $1.075 billion, which includes the assumption of approximately $457 million in debt. We plan to fund the entire acquisition through existing cash. We have several alternatives with respect to Duane Reades outstanding debt which we are currently evaluating.  This transaction is aligned with our strategy, our capital allocation priorities and our return objectives. We believe this transaction will generate strong IRRs as well as create value for our shareholders. Weve spent a lot of time evaluating our alternatives in New York City market and believe that this acquisition compares favorably to an organic growth strategy. As previously stated we anticipate the acquisition will be dilutive to earnings per share in the first 12 months after closing and accretive in the following 12 months and beyond and now recall that much of the first years dilution is related to one time costs that are now expensed under the new purchase accounting rules.  We expect to achieve $120 to $130 million in synergies in the third year after closing primarily in purchasing and SG&A and in the future we could see some revenue opportunities as well. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet allowed us to pay out $136 million in dividends during the quarter and buy back $234 million in company stock. In the first half to the fiscal year we returned $272 million in dividends and $384 million in share repurchases.  We plan to continue returning cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks, which nearly tripled in the first half compared with the year ago period. You will recall that our December dividend was 22.2% increase over the year ago quarter. In addition we set a long-term dividend payout target of between 30% and 35% of net earnings.  Now as you plan for our third quarter there are a few things to keep in mind, first, Easter falls on April 4th this year, about a week earlier than last year and that will push more Easter sales, we estimate about 40% into March. Looking beyond our March sales report, we will also report a March/April combined comp with our April sales results.  And also like other retailers we are cycling the impact of cigarette tax increases that was implemented in March, 2009. This may negatively impact March/April combined comps by about 100 to 150 basis points. In closing, I remain very optimistic about Walgreens future with many opportunities as we focus on executing on our core strategies.  We continue to drive smart growth, both organically and through acquisitions. We are enhancing the customer experience through CCR and other initiatives. And we are meeting our goals for cost reduction and productivity gains in part through the Rewiring For Growth initiative.  To reiterate Gregs point we are confident in our strategies and we are cautious about the economy and the pharmacy reimbursement environment but as we move through the soft economy we will continue to be agile, do whats right, and drive smart decisions for both the short and the long term.  And now Ill turn the call back over to Rick. 
Rick Hans: Thank you Wade, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. Were now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Gill  JPMorgan 
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan : I just had a couple of questions around your healthcare initiative, our understanding is that Walgreens has signed another [release] kind of similar to [inaudible] with Delta, can you maybe just go into a little bit more detail around the kind of offering that you have in the marketplace and how it differentiates from some of the PBMs and then secondly I think you made the comment that youre looking forward to the selling season. Can you maybe just give us an idea of the number of RFPs that you participated in this year versus previous years. Are you ramping that up dramatically as you continue to grow your healthcare offering. 
Greg Wasson : As far as Delta, I dont want to comment specifically. We dont actually have a signed deal with Delta. There has been discussion out in the marketplace but I will say that were excited with the interest that weve had in this caterpillar like offering. With Delta by the way we already have a healthcare center and a pharmacy on center with Delta and were looking to just expand services in any way we can and if PME is something that makes sense for them, were certainly going to be able to offer it.  With the restructuring Im excited about it, I think what it does as I said it really takes and integrates our pharmacy services around our center of gravity, our retail community pharmacies, Kermit Crawford is going to lead that and I think were really going to accelerate our integration of those offerings.  And Hal Rosenbluth as I said has been in the B to B space for his entire career. Were bringing the sales organizations together, segmenting by customers and I thats what I mean by Im excited about getting into the selling season because I think were really focused with some good solutions. As far as RFPs, Im not really focused on responding to RFPs.  We want to get in and work directly with employers, managed care organizations, PBMs, government agencies, whoever they might be and really find out what are the problems they have. What are the problems theyre looking for us to solve and how to bring some of our solutions to help them do this. So, Im not a real fan of just responding to RFPs. I think there are folks out there who are looking for real solutions and I think weve got real solutions to take to them. 
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan : And just as a follow-up to the solutions that you offer, so are you talking about fee per service type solutions, are you talking about trying to bring more volume into the Walgreens store. So how do we think about this over the next several years and how it should flow through our financial models. 
Greg Wasson : A good question, a tough question I guess, I think there will be a combination of probably certainly fee for service. I think healthcare reform I think where the industry is going, where everybody probably would like to see us get is more pay for performance and more coordinated care. So, where fee for service goes long-term I dont know.  But there is still going to be a lot of fee for service going forward. I think at the same time what we want to do is we want to be able to get in and certainly bring more services per client. So maybe in addition looking at the number of retail prescriptions we fill and the margin we make on that retail prescription, were also looking at driving what I call the total value of the client. So with Delta if were able to go direct or with other employers, we want to be able to drive a lot more services. So some of that may be volume related. Someone wants to work directly with us and were able to give them direct pricing via a direct contract and that drives additional volume for them to realize the savings then well be doing more of that as well. 
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan : You made a comment around drugstore margins, pharmacy margins and you said that generic introductions, are you saying that that helped to maintain your margins and how should we be thinking about as we have a number of generics that will come in the next couple of years, are generics generally better for you on the total gross margin dollar. 
Wade Miquelon : What I meant to imply this is a weaker generic season certainly than prior periods. It starts to pick up in latter years. So that was a net hurt. 
Lisa Gill  JPMorgan : So you were saying that you were happy that retail margin, gross margins were flat just considering the fact that you didnt have as many generics. 
Wade Miquelon :  Exactly. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Miller  William Blair 
Mark Miller  William Blair : With regard to the cost savings and your comments that you were on track to achieve this $500 million savings this year, it looks like youll need an accelerated pace of cost reduction in the second half of the year and I was hoping you could talk about where you expect to see that acceleration in the coming quarters because it looks like the run rate needs to pick up pretty quickly. 
Wade Miquelon : There is some acceleration but actually, we actually have delivered substantial savings in the first half as well. You have to I think going back to the last quarter its getting to the full reconciliation of how much SG&A was driven by the new store openings which was still in total, our stores were still 7.5% year on year as well as some of the acquisitions and then the SG&A burden we picked up along with that and some of the other things as well.  But it certainly ramps up a little bit through the year but again if you look at the run rate the last couple of quarters we have delivered pretty robust savings as well. 
Mark Miller  William Blair : Can you talk about what has, how its materialized different than you originally might have envisioned relative to sourcing, the overhead store labor, and then within power. 
Wade Miquelon : Of the three buckets, I would basically say were basically on track with all three buckets so theres some minor puts and calls here and there but I would say plus or minus 10% across indirect spend, across all the areas of labor and across the transforming community pharmacy initiative were pretty much on track. 
Mark Miller  William Blair : And then on the CCR stores, you didnt talk about the cost side of those stores, you talked about in general terms, but I was hoping you could address the gross margin youre seeing in the CCR stores given the complement categories are down. Has that negatively impacted the gross margins or are you mixing out actually more favorable and then the cost to operate those stores, how is that, is that more favorable as well. 
Greg Wasson : Overall were seeing actually the gross margin somewhat improve in the CCR stores but theres a lot that certainly can influence that beyond CCR. Were seeing more private brand utilization and so forth. I think the key thing that were looking at as I said in addition to the four way win that were looking for with sales, labor reductions, capital reducing and so forth, I think were really focused on gross profit per basket. And as we add more and more items like beer and wines, we add more fresh food, were really focused on gross profit per basket and thats what were encouraged to see. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a quick one, have you stopped the share repurchase with the Duane Reade announcement or is that ongoing in the current quarter and do you think it will keep going and then just secondarily any color whatsoever you can provide on the healthcare business, was it accretive to the margin this quarter year over year, just performance wise, how did the various pieces do. 
Wade Miquelon : We have not stopped the share repurchases and well continue that going forward. 
Greg Wasson : As you know we dont breakout the healthcare divisions, but I think that were encouraged with our growth that were seeing especially pharmacy and again I think the integration were talking about with the retail pharmacy leverages what I think is our key differentiator. As I say, a lot of times internally theres no reason why Mrs. Smith if shes used Walgreens retail pharmacy for years, should not be able to stop in and at the same time get her specialty needs.  So were encouraged there and I think its a real differentiator. Infusion continues to grow. I think there again thats a differentiator for us with specialty. So were encouraged with what were doing. I think going directly to managed care. Theyre certainly looking for solutions today and I think will be even more so going forward so were pleased with the performance of the healthcare divisions.  Take the health on one side, retail clinic, we begin to roll out more and more services in addition to the services we give such as screening, chronic care and so forth and our employers solutions that we talked about with [Cat] and Delta and others is extremely encouraging right now.  Robert Willoughby  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch And are you looking at, profitability to move up with the growth trajectory as well or too early to comment on profit improvement.
Greg Wasson: I think we feel good with where we are. I think were seeing what we expected in all business units. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Currie  UBS 
Neil Currie  UBS : Just another question on gross margin in terms of the 50 basis point improvement in gross margin year over year excluding LIFO, how much of this was down to markdowns and was there anything else that contributed to the gross margin improvement. 
Wade Miquelon : A lot of it was less markdowns and just smarter buying I would say. Those two combined activities--
Neil Currie  UBS : In terms of competitive activity, what impact did that have net on your gross margin. 
Wade Miquelon : Its a fairly promotional environment out there but it has been a promotional environment for some time so Im not sure that thats ticked up and in fact I think youve seen maybe a few players being more measured as of late. So thats probably a good sign, but again I think it was just both, it was the impact of lower markdowns largely and again I think buying a little bit smarter to recognize the economy reality were in because our people did a very good job there. 
Greg Wasson :  I think our merchants and our operators are doing a good job in balancing the items that we need to be hot on and we need to shout value with the items that we might be able to get a little bit more on, so I think with our [rodos] weve done a nice job balancing that mix to be able to swing doors at the same time provide value as well as our in store everyday pricing. 
Neil Currie  UBS : In terms of the pilot groups of stores with the 2% improvement over the control group, how happy are you with that, what were your original expectations in your budgets, and how are your returns going.
Greg Wasson : I think we feel real good about that. I think as, and we tried to breakdown kind of where thats going, if you look at the signature class, were winning where we want to win. You look at that power category, and that power class, were winning there. So I think we feel good. I think we know what we need to do in that complement class to bring that category back to where we want it.  So, strategically were right in line with where we want to be. And I think that and again that doesnt include the new dcor package, it doesnt include the add backs that were going to be looking at and some of the enhanced categories that weve worked on since Houston and Dallas. So we feel real good with where we are right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : A couple of things, I want to drill down on CCR a little bit, when you look at signature and power the 3% and the 5% how would that break down, where is most of that growth coming from. Is that traffic or transaction value. 
Greg Wasson : Transaction. 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : Almost entirely, so traffic is pretty flat in those stores relative to pilot. 
Greg Wasson : Its not that noticeable between the control group, its mostly transactions. 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : And then secondly with the complementary down eight, is that more SKU rationalization or the economy do you think.
Greg Wasson : Yes, I think in Houston/Dallas its, were seeing a little bit of both as I said but I think the complement class is more SKU reduction and space reduction. And weve always focused on peer grouping within our markets and I think what this shows is we just need to further tailor CCR to those stores that have a higher percentage of sales coming from the complement class. And weve identified those items, we know what categories we need to add back and feel like weve got that under control. 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : And secondly it looks like the reimbursement environment is relatively tame right now, you didnt see a lot of pressure do you think that picks up over the next year given different expense pressures on companies, state governments, not as much generic coming out to reduce cost, do you think we see a pick up in that pressure prior to fall of 2011 or not really. 
Greg Wasson : I think we will continue to see reimbursement pressure. I think that everyone in this country is focused on healthcare costs and as Ive said several times there certainly are threats and opportunities to healthcare reform and certainly the threat is the reimbursement pressure. We managed that entity by entity as we have for years and were going to be all over that going forward.  The opportunity is the fact that certainly were going to have more people that have prescription drug coverage going forward but yes, were going to continue to see more reimbursement pressure. The good thing is in the back half of 2011 or so were going to see some new generics coming out that will help offset that and then well see the additional volume in 2013 with the folks that have additional coverage. 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : And finally do you think that any [cat-like] deal would by necessity have the market share incentives that you have in the cat deal, kind of make sure that its a win win for you. 
Greg Wasson : I think it will vary by employer and their need so I think you could see future cat-like deals but again I think that it really varies by what theyre looking for. Again were going directly to these employers and managed care organization PBMs, everybody I mentioned with a complete solution. They may need or may want a PME solution, but they also may want healthcare services and a pharmacy on site.  So were kind of going in trying to help them understand, trying to understand what they need and how we can help but it could be, you could see a little bit of both I guess. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Just on the quarter I know you managed margins terrifically [and] Christmas, but if you look back on it, youre so skinny on the inventory side and the Christmas didnt turn out to be a disaster, it was a decent Christmas. Do you think this net net so we can think about the quarter if you had really fine tuned it even better and maybe put a little more inventory in there you might have generated more profit just so we could think about what the quarter might have normalized to or do you think you got it just perfectly right between inventory and the strong sell through.
Greg Wasson : Ill never say Im perfect, I think I have stuff to do in retail, I will say Im not looking back with any remorse so to speak. I think that we did absolutely what we should have done. We were conservative when we bought knowing that we were going to come into a very soft economy and a cautious consumer. I think the good thing is is we came out of the season extremely well positioned.  Our inventories are right, our store managers now are able to spend a lot more time out in the store versus the stockrooms so could we have maybe bought an item or two more, maybe did we miss a sale here and there, Im sure we did and Im sure other retailers probably are in the same camp.  I think the approach we took was right on. 
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: I was just trying to get a general sense of that, and I also want to look at or ask you about the first quarter earnings up 20%, and here theyre up 5%, and can you relate that to, is that pretty much, what percent, if youve done this spot process or analysis, to what degree was that just the dramatic swing in the flu, versus other things that could be, I think Wade referenced that things arent getting worse competitively, but other things going on, maybe the consumer just tightening up and not coming into the stores as much, or do you think its mainly close to 100% the flu swing. 
Greg Wasson : I think as we said this was a story of the flu. Theres no doubt the first half with the early flu season. The great job our folks did to execute upon flu shots and the flu related sales, this is definitely a flu story. Second half obviously with the lighter flu season impacted the quarter and thats the reason we really have looked at it the first half versus quarter by quarter. 
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: I missed the beginning of the call so I dont know if you covered your sort of broad outlook on healthcare reform for the industry or for Walgreens, but I was thinking in terms of some of the things that might be obvious like prescription versus margin, you kind of talked about that. The donut hole I suppose is good, but what about the clinic business. We were speaking to Hal Rosenbluth awhile ago and he suggested that with the shortage of primary care physicians, the clinic business may become very relevant going forward and utilization might really get a lot better for that business and might even entail a change in capital allocation for Walgreens. Could you speak to any of that. 
Greg Wasson : I definitely would agree with the first half of your comment, I absolutely think that healthcare reform with our without healthcare reform frankly I think the clinic business was going to continue to grow and be strong. Theres just not enough access as you know out there and certainly if we have another 30 million folks with coverage its going to become an even greater need.  So, were bullish on the clinics. I think but I will say were looking at our clinics really kind of in two buckets, not only the number of clinics and what the healthcare reform may do to accelerate the growth but also the services within the clinics. And as you know this past year weve spent a lot of time really looking at the additional services we can roll out through the existing clinics we have. So I think both number of clinics and the services that we can offer within those clinics certainly we should see more demand for. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debra Weinswig  Citi
Debra Weinswig  Citi: My question is what is the current private label penetration that you have. 
Wade Miquelon : Roughly 20%. 
Debra Weinswig  Citi: And then how do you plan on leveraging what Duane Reade is doing in their private label business in their stores and applying it to the entire chain. 
Greg Wasson : Certainly we have to once we close, well certainly be able to get a better understand of where the opportunity is. I will say and as Ive said before John [Letter] and his team are probably some of the best in the retail industry as far as private brand and building a strong private brand, theyve done a heck of a job in New York City with that private brand. Thats one of the things that really excited me and I think the opportunity to potentially accelerate our private brand strategy with their knowledge and expertise is certainly a strong possibility. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin  Jefferies
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: I just wanted to get a feel on maybe since were saying the flu is the big contributor of the swing here in the quarter how were looking as weve moved into March, any thoughts on sales as we go through the rest of the year. We did have H1N1 become an issue I guess late spring last year, how should we be thinking about your sales as we move through the back half of the year. 
Wade Miquelon : Obviously weve got a bit of shift in Easter timing but that will work its way out over time. I think a couple of things, on the front end I think were starting to cycle a fairly weak period. I think were doing a lot of good things and even on CCR where weve got opportunities to improve weve seen it and so were making those fixes.  So I think we feel pretty good about that. Last years, I dont think were going to see, it doesnt appear well see a second bump in the flu although you never know. But so were probably not going to get a pick up from that and we are cycling a little bit stronger base line so I guess what I would say is probably in terms of what were cycling were going to see more upside probably on the front end in the pharmacy and again whats happening in the economy remains to be seen. Well see whether we get any economic help. I think were certainly dragging along the bottom and any pick up at all would be extremely helpful. 
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: So in the first few weeks in March really didnt see any changes then we saw in February. 
Wade Miquelon : We cant comment on that obviously.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Second question I just want to have clarity on SG&A, I think you made comments to the effect that you had a really good quarter as far as that growth rate went, and maybe not to expect the same levels as we move forward. So as we model in our SG&A growth rate which [inaudible] into the fives in the second quarter is that something you can replicate as we move through the back half of the year or are we going, I think it was nine and change in the first quarter, five and change in the second, are we thinking more like in the sevens as far as an SG&A dollar growth rate. 
Wade Miquelon : We certainly have every intention of delivering the full billion to the bottom line in true analytical form. I think what I was trying to imply is if you look at over those two year stats, the last couple of years, you dont want people taking that and extrapolating that out forever. There comes a point at which you deliver the savings and then youre kind of cycling the full delivery.  Thats all I want to imply. We dont people to think, they look out two or three years and this trend continues forever, then it would be X, thats the only thing but we, if you do the model though in terms of those building blocks I gave you we have every intent of delivering half a billion net savings this year and a full billion next year. 
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Just going specifically to the SG&A dollar growth rate, I know on the last conference call I thought you made some comments, maybe Im misremembering about seven-ish is kind of what you thought the dollar growth rate was kind of the right look. And then of course it came in a lot below that this quarter and I guess I was trying to understand the rest of the year and what your expectations are for the SG&A dollar growth rate. 
Wade Miquelon : I dont recall ever giving a specific percent range, maybe we were using that for something [inaudible] but yes, so we havent given that. As you know of it is just a function of how many stores we put down over the past 12 month period, thats the number one driver. 
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Do you think the 5%, five and change is replicable or no, as we move into
Wade Miquelon : I just cant give specific guidance on it but
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Then the final question I have is the next CCR market, do you want to tell us which one that is. 
Greg Wasson : No, I dont want to give our competitors any advance warning but I appreciate your attempt. 
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: And then I just want to make sure I understand Dallas and Houston correctly, are you feeling like the execution there was where you wanted it to be and it was all economic related is that how I would read your comments. 
Greg Wasson : Yes, Id go back to exactly what I said, I think that certainly its a tough region and as I said I think there are good learnings coming out of Houston as I said and those stores with a high percentage of complement sales. I think the good thing is I think through the, and this is exactly what we wanted to do in Houston and Dallas. We wanted to really learn more about a mass market rollout.  And the good thing is is that the further we get through the SKU reduction and were about 85% through that now, the easier these conversions will become and thats why were focused on we think that we can get some cost reduction as we go forward. So with store managers as they convert and go through the conversion, if theyre dealing with less of the closed out inventory, its a much easier process. So I think we accomplished exactly what we wanted to accomplish in Houston and Dallas. 
Wade Miquelon : And just building on Gregs comments, I think as he referenced, our overall market share there was flat to slightly up so in aggregate we held our own despite all the changes and the ones that were less skewed towards heavy complement we were obviously stronger than that and then the ones that were heavily complement we were less so the good news is we held our own in aggregate and I think the better news is is that we also have learned a lot from this as we go forward.
Greg Wasson : And I will say hey, theres something I would like to have had, I would like to have had the new dcor package in Houston and Dallas. I think that given this its probably even a better indication of how we would have done but going forward were going to have that synced up with the most recent conversions. 
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Housekeeping item, did you tell us H1N1, how much it helped RX sales, the shots for the second quarter. 
Greg Wasson : I dont know if we gave it broken out on sales, but we administered nearly two million H1N1 shots, I believe that was pretty much second quarter.
Wade Miquelon : Its not going to be a needle mover on sales.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: How about on script volumes, because I know you put that in your volumes. 
Wade Miquelon : That two million will be included as two million scripts.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: And do you know what, how much did it increase the script volumes. 
Wade Miquelon : Well get it to you but it was two million, 170 million scripts, so maybe
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Just a few quick follow-ups, in terms of the CCR comparisons that you gave and all that detail could you just tell us what time period thats for, is that for second quarter or for the life of the program because I think you did mention hurricanes and stuff in the first quarter last year so these results excluding that or if you could just discuss that please. 
Greg Wasson : It was the last six months and I think we had that detailed on the slide. 
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital:  And then if you could just speak to the AWP impact, I think you had guided to about $80 to $90 million impact and it was about $25 million in 1Q, is that still pretty much on track. 
Wade Miquelon : Thats right. 
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Can you just give what it was in the second quarter or
Wade Miquelon : I think it was about $25 million. 
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: And then just going back to the healthcare reorganization, does that reflect a change in strategy or is that just kind of a consolidation of the same strategy as you were running with already. 
Greg Wasson : Its not a change of strategy, I think it just organizes us a little more efficiently, its a stronger go to market strategy and really leveraging the strengths of both like Hal Rosenbluth and Kermit Crawford with stronger execution.
Rick Hans: That was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Well announce March sales on April 5th. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Tuesday June 22. Thats when well announce fiscal 2010 third quarter results.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-12-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance Greg Wasson  President and CEO Wade Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company Ann Hynes  FTN Equity David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Debra Weinswig  Citi John Ransom  Raymond James Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs  Scott Mushkin  Jefferies
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Walgreen Company First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Now Id like to turn the call over to Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance.
Rick Hans: Welcome to our First Quarter Conference Call. Today, Greg Wasson our President and CEO will discuss the quarters highlights, sales trends and the macro environment. Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will detail the first quarter financial results before we begin taking your calls. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. You can find a like to our webcast under Investor Relations at Walgreens.com. After the call this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Were also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward looking statements.  Now Ill turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Today Im going to review the highlights of this past quarter, update you on our sales trends, and provide the latest on the progress were making on our three strategic initiatives. In the first quarter we reported record earnings and sales with solid double digit earnings growth, even in this difficult economic environment. We also continued to generate strong cash flow, a direct result of improved working capital, especially inventory, and drugstore performance. Net sales for the quarter were $16.4 billion up 9.5% over a year ago. Net earnings were up 19.6% to $489 million from $408 million a year ago. Earnings per diluted share were $0.49 a 19.5% increase from $0.41 per diluted share last year. This quarter includes the impact of $0.03 of restructuring and related costs. Cash flow from operations in the quarter more than tripled to nearly $1.2 billion from $312 million a year ago. Meanwhile, free cash flow stood at $864 million compared with -$326 million a year ago. This strong cash flow gives us the financial strength and flexibility to continue investments in our three core strategies. In the quarter we also increased our dividend by 22% and bought back $150 million of company stock under the stock repurchase program we announced in October. Looking at our sales in more detail, comparable store trends improved in the first quarter. An early flu season and a well executed flu shot campaign which started a month earlier then last year contributed substantially to the performance, especially in September and October. We saw some softening in November as this years flu season declined and we faced tougher comparisons with last years flu season. The quarter saw some challenges including a slow start to the holiday shopping season over Thanksgiving weekend, which dampened November sales. Its clear that consumer concerns about unemployment levels and the economic climate are weighing on spending. Consumers are focused on value and discretionary items are not high on their shopping lists. That led to the weak sales trends we saw in late November and that continued through mid-December. We entered the holiday season with lower inventory levels and with a focus on basics as we anticipate a cautious consumer. While we dont report December sales results until next month, we believe we will see good sell through on seasonal items. Like every Christmas season, our performance is driven by the final days, which makes this a big week. It could be more important this year as more consumers delayed their holiday shopping to last minute. The calendar works in our favor this year with Christmas falling on a Friday. That means the convenience of our more than 7,100 drugstores with over half the US population living within two miles of them, will make them ideal destinations for last minute shopping needs and as always our stores will be open on Christmas day. In addition to the final Christmas rush, we anticipate growing demand this week for H1N1 flu vaccine as additional supply is delivered. Were working with government agencies to obtain more H1N1 vaccine and we intend to have it available at virtually all of our pharmacies as soon as possible. Mobilizing our pharmacy staff for flu shots is a great example of how we are advancing the profession of pharmacy as a valuable resource on the front line of healthcare. Our pharmacists are going beyond the dispensing of medication to providing preventative healthcare services. Now Id like to update you on our three key strategies which are: Leveraging the best store network in America Enhancing the customer experience Achieving major cost reductions and productivity gains We continue leveraging our existing store base and growing market share even as we slow our new store openings. Over the past seven years, as the prescription market has grown 16%, weve steadily grown our retail pharmacy market share from 13% in 2003 to 18.5% of all retail prescriptions today according to IMS Health Data. We see opportunities to continue that growth not only through organic store openings but also through comp store sales increases, prescription file purchases, and acquisitions that reinforce our core. An example of that is our recent transaction with Eaton Apothecary pharmacies in Boston which is expected to close in January. As most of you know, one of our major initiatives is part of reinventing the customer experience is our customer centric retailing format, which is now in more than 400 stores in Texas. The stores have better sight lines, a new layout organized around customer solutions and an overall improved customer experience. Were pushing the CCR rollout a few weeks to the beginning of March so that we can also include our new store decor package with the conversion work. The decor package is an important piece of the overall CCR customer experience which we want to include in this next wave on conversions. We expect to meet our goal of nearly 3,000 stores converted to CCR by the end of fall 2010. Related to CCR our beer and wine rollout is now in nearly 1,600 stores. This category provides another reason for customers to shop in our stores. To sum up, CCR gives us a four way win. It helps us improve sales, it takes work out of stores, it reduces working capital deployed, and it provides a better customer experience with greater relevancy and efficiencies. As we reinvent the customer experience we are also transforming community pharmacy. We intend to create a new service model which our pharmacists focus more on the patient then administrative tasks. Transforming community pharmacy will improve service, quality, and efficiencies so that we can offer patients valuable new healthcare services that generate incremental revenue. As a first step, we implemented centralized pharmacy operations in Florida and Arizona and work to fully leverage our workload balancing system. These centralized operations made a significant impact during the fall flu season in Florida where our pharmacists provided more than 600,000 seasonal flu shots with virtually no additional payroll. Chain wide we provided more than 5 million seasonal flu shots this fall, up from 1.2 million for all of last years flu season. As we expand from immunizations into other areas, were taking our suite of health and wellness services to the marketplace by going directly to employers, government entities, managed care companies, and pharmacy benefit managers.  Let me be clear, our center of gravity is our community drugstores and this slide shows the depth of our national footprint of pharmacy, health and wellness services which include more than 7,100 retail pharmacies and pipeline of more than 500 already approved new drugstore locations, over 350 take care clinics, more than 380 worksite health centers on the campuses of major employers, more than 110 pharmacies located in hospitals, clinics and medical centers, especially pharmacy distribution network with nine locations, 5 institutional pharmacies, and more than 100 home infusion respiratory service centers. Finally, two state of the art prescription mail service facilities. This unique set of services allows us to tailor our offering to the needs of our clients. For example, weve recently expanded our relationship with Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield for which we currently are provider, especially in home infusion services for their members. We now also offer Highmark employees access to worksite health centers and pharmacies at their Pittsburgh and Camp Hill, Pennsylvania office, creating a unique employer healthcare solution. What makes this important is that we are bringing more services directly to not only employers but also to managed care companies and PBMs. Our bundled programs are an example of how the private sector is innovating to make healthcare more accessible and affordable. Finally, we continue to make significant progress on our strategy to reduce costs and productivity. As you see from this chart, we achieved our goal this quarter of gross profit dollar growth exceeding our SG&A dollar growth. We remain on track to deliver $1 billion in annual savings in fiscal 2011. Looking ahead, we plan to build on the progress weve made this quarter. We have the right strategy in place and remain very confident in our ability to execute it. At the same time, we are cautious in our view of the economy and will focus on consumers basic needs. In this environment we have an opportunity to drive our winning strategies while others may not have the resources to do the same. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet provides us with flexibility to invest in programs and opportunities for future growth. Meanwhile, in Washington DC, talks continue on healthcare reform bill. It certainly remains difficult to say what a final bill may look like but in general we support the Obama administrations guiding principles of improved access, greater affordability, and higher quality as part of any reform platform. The shift in focus to preventing and managing chronic disease by emphasizing health and wellness is something we intend to capitalize on. Our extensive network of community pharmacies and more than 70,000 health professionals position us on the front line of healthcare. Our pharmacists and nurse practitioners can have a positive impact on peoples behavior through direct face to face interaction. Finally, Id like to thank three Board members who announced last month that they will retire from our Board of Directors at Januarys annual shareholder meeting. Cordell Reed and Marilou von Ferstel provided invaluable insight and contributed greatly to the Board over many years. Charles R. Walgreen III, grandson of our founder, is retiring after 46 years of Board service. As we said in our annual report that many of you recently received, his legacy surrounds us. When he started with the company in 1952 we had 403 stores. By the time he retired as CEO in 1998 Cork expanded the company to nearly 3,000 stores. Along the way, he built a record of sustained success, provided huge career opportunities for thousands of people throughout the company, and established a culture of quiet determination. In October I really enjoyed the chance to be with Cork at the grand opening of our 7,000th store. Hes provided amazing leadership and were really going to miss him. Cork, we wish you, Cordell and Marilou the best in retirement. I want to thank all of our Walgreen team members for their contributions to these strong results as well. I also want to wish them and all of you a Happy Holiday Season!  Now Wade will give you an update on financial results for the quarter.
Wade Miquelon: Let me get into the details behind our financial results. In the quarter, net sales increased 9.5% while total comp sales rose 4.9%. Prescription sales rose 10% and represented 56% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales in comp store rose a solid 6.1%. That was helped by a 1.1 percentage point from our flu shot program, a program which we led the drugstore industry. We filled 194 million prescriptions during the quarter, an increase of 12% from a year ago. That includes the benefit of 0.7 percentage points from patients filling 90 day rather than 30 day scripts. On a comp store basis a number of prescriptions filled increased 9.2% and that includes a benefit of 1.2 percentage points from 90 day scripts. We exceeded by 5.5 percentage points the industry wide pharmacy growth rate. Excluding Walgreens as reported by IMS and that is in line with a trend over the past six months. As Greg mentioned, and Im pleased to report, earnings per diluted share were $0.49 in the quarter or $489 million including the impact of $0.03 in restructuring and related costs and $0.08 in savings associated with the companys rewiring for growth initiative. This reflects a 19.5% increase from $0.41 per diluted share or $408 million in the same period a year ago. Excluding restructuring charges, earnings per share would have been $0.52. Gross profit in the first quarter was $4.5 billion a 9.3% increase versus the year ago quarter. Gross margin decreased 10 basis points compared with the year ago quarter to 27.7%. Negatively impacting margins were front end product mix, non-retail business and CCR markdowns. Helping overall margins was an increase in retail pharmacy margins due to the impact of generics and flu shots, although those gains were partially offset by third party reimbursement pressure including the impact of ADP changes on Medicaid prescriptions. Also helping margins was a lower LIFO provision compared with the year ago quarter. The two year stacked SG&A dollar growth shows improvement compared with the year ago quarter, dropping from 18.6% to 16% and up from the fourth quarter two year growth rate of 14.1%. Clearly, as we cycle these comparisons it becomes more difficult to continue that pace of SG&A reduction. Given the inherent complexity of our business we want to provide you with a better understanding of the key drivers and building blocks of SG&A growth. Lets review those drivers in detail. First, store openings, which we anticipate at 4.5% to 5% this year, but on a four quarter moving average basis the store count will effectively grow 6% to 7%. This tempers the immediate benefit to SG&A of our slower store openings. Our four quarter moving average remains high and as you wont see a significant dip in that average until the fourth quarter of this fiscal year, at that point we expect to see some SG&A leverage from our slowdown in store openings. Second driver to keep in mind is inflation, which we expect to run about 2% to 3%. Third, acquisition and business mix SG&A is anticipated to increase about 1% to 2%. Fourth, CCR reset, as Greg mentioned, we plan to have nearly 3,000 stores converted by the end of fall 2010 and these are to cost of $30,000 to $50,000 per store. Then theres always a few other puts and calls in any quarter that takes place. Finally, while rewiring for growth is expected to provide a net benefit of $500 million the net benefit to SG&A is expected to be about $425 million in fiscal 2010. This chart summarizes the savings and costs for rewiring for growth restructuring charges since the initiative has started in last years first quarter. Total rewiring expenses this quarter were $42 million. We anticipate approximately $140 million in rewire expenses in fiscal 2010. We remain on target for a net pre-tax savings of about $500 million this fiscal year and a net pre-tax savings of $1 billion in fiscal 2011 both versus our base of 2008. Now lets review some additional income statement details. The LIFO provision was $34 million versus $43 million in the first quarter of 2009 and that represents anticipated LIFO provision of 1.75% for the year. Its also lower then the 2% we anticipated heading into the quarter and a 2% that we recorded in fiscal 2009.  Next, for the $42 million in restructuring costs in the quarter, including $28 million in sku discontinuation, $7 million in consulting and other costs, and $7 million associated with workforce reductions. Net interest expense was $21 million compared with $15 million last year due to the issuance of $1 billion in long term debt in January 2009. Net interest expense benefited from a fixed rate to floating rate swap executed in July 2009 on the $1.3 billion note issued a year prior. The effective tax rate was 37% compared with a rate of 37.6% in the year ago period. We expect a tax rate of approximately 37% for the fiscal year. Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable are all components of working capital that we can most directly impact. The net sum of these as a percent to sales has improved by 24% in the quarter, primarily due to inventory improvement. I should mention that accounts receivable benefited from timing issues this quarter. Even without that, receivables would have been virtually flat. Total inventories were down $800 million or 9.9% against total sales growth of 9.5% and total drugstore growth of 7.8%. Among other interventions we were helped by our sku rationalization program which is now roughly 80% complete. FIFO total inventories on a per store basis fell 13.7% in the first quarter. Controlling inventory continues to be a top priority and as you can see, we have made great strides over the past four quarters. Controlling inventory of course helps cash. Our net cash position at the end of the quarter was $773 million which compares favorably with net cash of $236 million at the end of the fourth quarter and a net debt of over $1.5 billion at the end of last year. Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments totaled $3.2 billion and long term debt totaled $2.4 billion. We were also able to pay out $136 million in dividends during the quarter and buy back $150 million in company stock. Our financial flexibility and liquidity are in very good shape. Greg gave you the details on cash flow performance but this slide shows the comparisons and improvements in cash that we have generated from store operations and improved working capital. We plan to continue returning cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and buy backs and you will recall that our September dividend was 22.2% increase over the year ago quarter. In addition, we set a long term dividend payout target of between 30% and 35% of net earnings. As I mentioned, we also announced a $2 billion stock repurchase program at the same time. By the end of the first quarter we had repurchased $150 million in company stock under the program. Youll recall the plan was approved in mid-October has left us with a limited number of open trading days to make purchases. In closing, I remain very optimistic about Walgreens future, with many opportunities as we focus on executing our core strategies. We will continue to drive growth both organically and through smart acquisitions including prescription file purchases. I emphasize smart growth because its all built around prudent risk taking and ROIC focus designed to deliver long term shareholder value. To reiterate Gregs point, we are confident in our strategy and cautious about the economy. As we move through this uncertain economy, we continue to be agile and do whats right and drive smart decisions for both the short and the long term. Building on Gregs earlier comments, I also want to thank everyone at Walgreens for all of the accomplishments this quarter. It would not have been possible without all of our team members efforts. We thank them for that and we wish them and you a Happy Holiday Season! Now Ill turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: You have the number of about $425 million in net benefits for rewire and previously youd been saying $500 million isnt that correct and is there something thats changed there to bring that number down?
Wade Miquelon: No, obviously its $500 million net benefit year to year but we wanted to is point out that if you do the reconciliation of where one time costs have gone because some of those one time costs go in items like COGS but the SG&A impact if $425 million. The total impact in terms of P&L is $500 million. We can give you the detailed breakdown of again where the benefits are coming through and where the costs, then you can do the reconciliation from SG&A to COGS and other.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: In your mind theres zero change in the way that youre looking at this or in your expectations?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, theres zero change. As we give the detail on the P&L line items thought I dont think weve ever done a clear reconciliation of exactly how the difference hits the various lines and thats what we want to do here.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: The cost savings in general, obviously you continue to progress towards realizing more cost savings on a quarterly basis. How should this flow for the year is this something that takes place sort of fairly even or it will continue to build each quarter?
Wade Miquelon: A little bit, but Id say its always going to be a little bit lumpy because different initiatives are time for time. Things like inventories clean out when they clean out and the other ones depending on when theyre announced or when theyre planned they can have different impacts. Yes, its going to build but I wouldnt say it was perfectly linear. We cant always even predict it exactly because of the timing of certain events.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: As we think about the gross margin, how should we be looking at this line item for the rest of the year? You got some benefit this quarter from the flu shot. Comparisons ease quite a bit over the next couple quarters, is it unreasonable to think that your gross margin should be up for the year?
Greg Wasson: Obviously were going to continue to see a cautious consumer thats going to be looking for non-discretionary products and more value. Were also going to be countering that reimbursement pressure on pharmacy. I do think obviously where were going to try to counter the margin pressure obviously will be to drive more private brand. I think theres more opportunity in pharmacy to drive more services such as seasonal flu. Were definitely going to continue to see a cautious consumer. I think that its tough to predict right now.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: On the share repurchase side, I know you touched on it; I was a little disappointed I thought the number would be higher. What should we expect going forward do you think?
Wade Miquelon: As I alluded to, we actually didnt have a lot of days from the time we announced the program to where we werent in blackout. I think given that, actually $150 million was pretty good. I dont know exactly, I hesitate to through a number out there but I can say we certainly, $150 million doesnt reflect that we werent confident in buying our stock back, it was really just a matter of number of trading days we had available. We are, by the way setting up a 10B-5 so that well be able to be able to purchase even when we are in blackout systemically through the rules of that program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: If you could just talk a little bit about the discounting environment on the front end right now, it sounds like the sales are a little softer and Im curious if that has spurred more discounting?
Greg Wasson: I think that certainly there a lot folks out there driving promotions and I think weve seen softer seasonal sales then we had last year. I think as far as the promotions weve been and will remain pretty surgical on where were going with markdowns and promotions. I think the good thing is that we anticipated a softer season, bought down in seasonal goods last year. I think were in better shape so we wont need to be as aggressive in markdowns post-holiday.  Last year, quite the opposite happened we had to be aggressive; we had a lot left over. I think were going to be extremely surgical about where we go with markdowns, additional promotions and try to balance that with swinging doors.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: All the commentary on the SG&A components, are you trying to tell us that investors have gotten a little ahead of you on expectations on the SG&A reduction, a little signal that 2010 is a little to high right now?
Wade Miquelon: Were completely confident in the savings were going to deliver. If some of these components, Im not sure that everyone has the same understanding and clarity of the different building blocks of how we get there. For example, when you think about the impact of SG&A on new stores its not the number you do for the year its the 12 year impact that you cycle and thats considerably higher. Youve got all the building blocks now to do the math but again making sure that people have the understanding and the clarity of what goes in there I think is important so that over time people can see the direct impact of the rewire initiative and how it flows through.
Greg Wasson: We feel pretty good about the job weve done in the past four quarters with store SG&A and our store folks have done a tremendous job. Certainly were going to be copying those tougher quarters going forward.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Is there any way you can quantify how big the AWP hit was on gross margin this quarter?
Wade Miquelon: It was about $25 million so that range.
Greg Wasson: It was pretty much in line with our forecast that we had given for the year. Were watching it monthly but so far its pretty much what we predicted.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: Can you talk a little bit about how the reset store strategy is evolving, you talked today about the decor and pushing it into March, can you talk about how that whole thinking is progressing?
Greg Wasson: Certainly we started off with the 35 pilot stores, were able to compare performance of those versus the control stores that we had set up, and were still feeling good about how theyre performing versus control. The next phase was to go Houston and Dallas, roll out mass markets which we completed about mid-October. The learnings there was one, how do we roll this out in a mass market versus individual stores around the country. I think a lot of good learnings came out of that to help us improve that process and reduce the costs of the rollout itself. Were still analyzing obviously numbers coming out of Dallas and Houston to look at maybe if there are opportunities to improve before we roll out in March. The real reason for delaying it the two weeks into March is we do want to add the decor package. It didnt make sense for us to start a rollout before that new decor package was finalized. I actually saw it Saturday we got good results on it; I liked what I saw so by March 1 were rolling out both the conversion as well as the new decor package in parallel.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: The addition of the decor package changed the costs or the time to implement meaningfully?
Wade Miquelon: No, theyre always factored into the costs and it pretty much done in parallel. Again, making sure that we have it right is important to the overall proposition.
Greg Wasson: It was included in the $30,000 to $50,000 cost that weve been talking about.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: As the data has moved on with Houston and Dallas, what have you learned? I think you talked about maybe a comp improvement you needed of a point or two to make the math work. Can you talk about how thats going?
Greg Wasson: Were still analyzing data. The only thing that kind of threw a kink in it is we probably wouldnt have picked Houston because comping on hurricane there so its been kind of difficult to get apple to apples numbers. I think the key learnings that were really addressing, looking at is again were looking at sku by sku did we take out some skus that maybe we needed to add back. We feel good with the 3,500 items that we have reduced. I also think what we want to do is look at local unique stores. For example, this has worked well in the majority of our stores that are pretty much according to prototype. When we began to look at maybe Hispanic stores, African American stores, maybe beach stores, and so forth, the uniqueness there is what want to now address. Well have more data and I think hopefully by our next quarter call well be able to share more. I think well have a good two month to drive through the data and analyze it and give you more color on the next call.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: On the beer and wine rollout can you give us any sense on is the comp benefit from that material and hows the profitability of that influenced the overall store?
Greg Wasson: Were in about 1,600 stores now. The comp benefit will be material. We think that not only will it drive sales but also its a nice basket item, it drives basket size as well. As far as the margin, were really working through the mix now as far as what we hope to obtain. Weve got a private label wine that we just launched that has a little higher margin we feel good about. Well know more about that as well as we come through the season.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Hynes  FTN Equity
Ann Hynes  FTN Equity: Can you give us some more details around H1N1, what is your internal expectations, how many flu shots do you think youll receive, and I guess the economics? Im assuming that you get the flu shots for free and youre just charging an incremental charge to administer it. How should we look at that in the coming months?
Greg Wasson: Its kind of hard to predict because were really working with obviously the government and the individual states. Most of the states at this time have worked through what they call the priority high risk population and how theyre opening distribution up to the pharmacies across the country. We have provider agreements in 49 states excluding North Dakota. We have product in about 3,000 stores in 36 states today. Weve given about 350,000 H1N1 vaccinations to date.  Were depending on how the states begin to open up and utilize pharmacists across the country. We think they will and were working with the states and the government to make sure that they understand how we can help.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Not to be simplistic but on the SG&A side if Im hearing you correctly we should be looking for the type of differential over the next couple of quarters. I know that year to year comparison is good, maybe a little bit tougher but on a two year basis it looks actually fairly flat. The improvement we saw this quarter is it fair we should assume thats a good proxy for the next couple of quarters?
Wade Miquelon: Youve got to run the model out quarter by quarter and put in the timing of how that store lag happens like I said, things like the CCR initiative is almost all SG&A contract labor resetting stores so when those stores hit and things like that. Id say its a little more complicated then that but in general youre probably not too far off.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: On the pharmacy side you talked about the AWP hit. Im assuming some of that concept better dispensing fee in certain states. Any other positive offset to that we can look forward to as the year goes on?
Greg Wasson: We are working state by state to try to get improved dispensing fees and thats certainly something were focused on. I think the things like improving our generic penetration rate to help offset it. The services were talking about with flu shots and so forth that were going to rolling out will help offset some of that. Were also looking at taking out supply chain costs as well and operating costs with our transforming community pharmacy initiative as well as our supply chain efforts to try to offset it.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Will generics be enough positive or negative this year, we have another kind of light year ahead of us here and Im just wondering how the profitability levels will beef that product anyway?
Greg Wasson: Obviously were not going to see another big wave until the latter half of 2010-2011 on generics. At the same time, we work to improve our utilization or penetration of generics of the existing generics as much as we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Id like to just go back and talk a little bit more about Medicaid. The states all have pretty significant budget problems. Do you think that theyre looking at the AWP cut as maybe sufficient for them to cut their Medicaid reimbursement or are you expecting that there could be another round of cuts as they try to balance their budgets?
Greg Wasson: Its hard to say, it varies state by state. I think some of them may see the reduction as sufficient. Some, depending on the state, may be looking for more. Were going to have to certainly work with each state individually and try to bring them other solutions to help reduce costs. Believe me; weve got to focus on each individual state today.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: The states generally dont do much to incent patients to fill with generics. Is that changing, are they getting more understanding about the benefit of that?
Greg Wasson: Were working with them to help them understand that for every x% in generic utilization theres x% savings. I think us getting state Medicaid directors and helping educate them and look for alternative solutions is exactly where were going.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: About AMP, can you give us an update about where that stands? Is that going to be put into place?
Greg Wasson: Its awfully hard to predict what comes out of healthcare reform. Certainly with the Senate probably passing something its looks like theyre passing something before the holiday. There is AMP legislation and language in both bills. We feel good about the new definition of AMP how the benchmark is established and were obviously looking make sure we get enough of a multiplier on top of that AMP to make sure the pharmacists can afford to continue to serve Medicaid patients across the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debra Weinswig  Citi
Debra Weinswig  Citi: Obviously the flu shot program by any measure has been a huge success. What do you learn from this you can apply to potentially other initiatives internally? Have you done any analysis around the retention rate of the new customers?
Greg Wasson: The first thing tells me and tells us is that this is a great illustration that consumers across the country value the convenience and access that community pharmacists can bring in addition to prescription drugs. For us to administer better then 5% of the nations seasonal flu shots I think basically indicates that. As far as the learnings I think certainly there are ways that now if we go into next season were going to be able to improve the process as far as some of the administration work and so forth at patients come in. I think as far as new services, theres plenty of opportunity to do more script like services in our community pharmacies such as flu shots. Retention rate, I think we saw that about 40% to 42% of the flu shot patients were new to Walgreens. We wont know the retention probably for another 30-60-90 days certainly thats something well be analyzing to get a better understanding of that. Once we do know then next year we can certainly work to make sure that we have good programs out there to improve that retention rate.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: In terms of power, can you talk about the savings; obviously its just been a few markets that have been driven so far by the initiative. How should we think about a rollout plan?
Wade Miquelon: The big idea here we call it is transform community pharmacy of which power as you know is one initiative, theres other things; dynamic work load balancing, some of the reengineering efforts were doing. So far so good in power. As you know, were strong in two states now and Florida is over 10% of our business. Weve rolled out now in Arizona, Phoenix. So far, so good. Were seeing, again good customer service levels now, were seeing more importantly a lot of time freed up for other things.  In Florida in flu shots we gave 15% or more of our total flu shots in Florida with out adding any overtime pay. Honestly that would not have been possible or even remotely possible without the power initiative to pull some of that transactional work out. We feel very good about it. Again, its taking a shorter time to fill pharmacy and wait times is one of the key elements of success so thats helping as well. We feel good about it and we feel that both the front end and the central fill have broader applications across the country.
Greg Wasson: With transforming community pharmacy theres really kind of three buckets there that we talk about. One is what were doing within Florida and Arizona with centralization of some of these tasks that Wade just mentioned. The other is were continuing to leverage the dynamic workload balancing technology and systems across the entire nation to leverage excess capacity at some stores to help others. Third, really were just going back into the existing pharmacies and looking at the complete work flow and the work process that takes place, continue to work to find ways to improve processes and take costs down.
Debra Weinswig  Citi: Can you talk about traffic and ticket in the quarter and were there any real differences by month?
Rick Hans: Could you repeat the question?
Debra Weinswig  Citi: Can you talk about traffic and ticket in the quarter and were there any real differences by month?
Greg Wasson: Were seeing traffic hold pretty good. Were up in traffic. We are down a little bit in ticket. Our units per customer are running a little bit down. Therefore, we feel good that were swinging doors, people are coming in. That goes to the promotional point that we dont really need to over promote people to get inside. The real focus now is driving and working basket size and units per customers.
Wade Miquelon: Even though our traffic has been robust as Greg suggested over the quarter it was a bit heavier in September/October driven by the flu shot traffic. Still even as today we still feel pretty good about what were seeing in the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom  Raymond James
John Ransom  Raymond James: You guys redid your distribution contract with Cardinal. How much did that help in the gross margin in the November quarter?
Greg Wasson: Thats been over a year ago I guess at this point in time. Certainly we worked with Cardinal, theyre our main supplier and obviously we feel like weve got good costs and a good rate with Cardinal but we dont give that out.
John Ransom  Raymond James: When you talk about your gross profit savings as part of your $1 billion, is that the sku rationalization or how should we think about that?
Wade Miquelon: You mean the $1 billion CCR initiative?
John Ransom  Raymond James: You said you broke it out, its not all SG&A, part of it is gross profit, and could you talk a little more about the gross profit savings?
Wade Miquelon: The rewire for growth initiative which will have ultimately $1 billion benefit. In the short term some of the one time costs are in things like SG&A, consulting fees and reduction in force, etc. A lot of the one time costs are in cost of goods for inventory write downs due to sku elimination and the like. Its the timing of the one times in cost of goods year on year that means that defacto all of this doesnt flow net to SG&A. We can give a reconciliation table but youll see year by year benefit and year by year costs and some of those costs end up being in SG&A and some of those costs end up being COGS and some end up being in other. You have to reconcile each one of those to know where the net impact shakes out.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Once you work through this short term is there any cost savings in your gross profit line long term or is it all going to be in SG&A once you get through?
Wade Miquelon: Its going to be in SG&A.
John Ransom  Raymond James: There was a pretty big cancer injectable drug that went off patent in August, Eloxatin. Just to clarify, through your specialty youre not really participating in any of the oncology market. Is that a market that youre looking at long term?
Greg Wasson: Yes, we are in the oncology space and we anticipate playing a bigger role in oncology going forward. Frankly our infusion platform that we have built over the last couple years with Option Care positions us extremely well to play in oncology going forward because a lot of those drugs are not only injected but infused drugs. We definitely think we can put together a unique service model to work with both payers and pharmaceutical companies that are in the oncology space.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Sequentially in the February quarter as the flu shots slow down just isolating the flu shot in your gross margin in the November quarter going into the February quarter how should we be thinking about pulling that out in the February quarter?
Wade Miquelon: There are a lot of different puts and calls. Obviously we had the basic flu in this quarter and then next quarter well have some H1N1, how much remains to be seen. Those are effectively helps because of margin and how that flows through. We also have some other things like reimbursement pressure which might have slight different timing quarter to quarter. Again, its probably a little bit too early to say how all those will flow through exactly especially because H1N1 remains a little bit of an unknown for now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Did I hear you say you expect good sell through for Christmas? If I heard you right, is that more driven by the lean inventories or the day fall or do you have some history that says when theres a big snowfall with this kind of timing its going to force people to stores as well.
Greg Wasson: This is the time of year when a retailer becomes a weatherman. I do think that based on our position going in that depending on how this last week certainly comes together I feel pretty good as far as where well be on the amount of seasonal left over that we have to reduce. Last year, as I said, I think its an opportunity for us, last year all retailers out there certainly were in a position with some pretty large carry over quantities. I guess a combination of where I believe we are this year depending on how this last week comes through and as compared to last year I think theres opportunity there for us.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Can you remind me, did you make a concerted effort last year to reduce the pack away? Really take some margin hits.
Greg Wasson: I dont think youd say out philosophy had changed much. We had always had a pretty aggressive markdown where wed go 50% maybe throughout the season and then depending on the quantity of the item we have a pretty sophisticated system that it will help us determine what that markdown needs to be is it 50%, do we need to go to 75%. Based on last years inventory level we were in many cases on the more aggressive end of that markdown program. Nothings really changed as far as our carry over, our pack away program. I think this year, as I said; were in a better position so Im not as concerned about the aggressive markdowns that we took last year.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Could you update us more on the direct to payer initiatives that you started and I think you just briefly mentioned it? Maybe could you quantify maybe the number of folks youre talking to or proposals on the table, what kind of expectations you might expect to see for closed deals similar to the ones you had with Caterpillar in maybe the next year or so?
Greg Wasson: I want to clarify, when we talk about going direct to employers, managed care organizations PBMs were talking about going direct with all of our services. I think if you go back in time five or 10 years ago when the industry was a little more fragmented it was a little more difficult for a drugstore chain to go direct to an employer, direct to a managed care organizations organization. Today with our suite of services we have everything that an employer or managed care organizations organization would like to take to their clients.  Were talking about going direct, especially going direct with retail pharmacy programs. Our worksites are now what I would say becoming more of an employer healthcare solution to take to employers as well as managed care organizations. Weve got a robust pipeline. If you look at the employer healthcare solution model there are a lot employers that are interested in trying to figure out how to control their healthcare costs while improving the quality of health for employees theres a lot of interest in that product.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: The Texas stores the cost to do that is that in part of the $42 million the restructuring or is that in addition to or was the captured in previous quarters?
Wade Miquelon: The cost of all the CCR refurbs is not included in the one time costs so its a separate initiative. This $30,000 to $50,000 per store is mostly SG&A. For the Texas area we dont have the refurb package in yet and that will be coming, the refresh package will be coming on the next wave of all stores.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Was most of the work completed the quarter you just reported or split with the prior quarter?
Wade Miquelon: A little bit split.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : If you look at what youre seeing from the consumer do you think they have slowed down their spending here in the last month and a half or do you think you guys as a channel are getting crowded out by mall based retailers as people go back and spend on those types of products such that post-Christmas you dont get credit out as much?
Greg Wasson: I do think that its the macro consumer in general. I think they are indeed spending less on discretionary and I think that includes seasonal this year. I dont believe weve being crowded out, I think what we are seeing for the past several seasons whether its Halloween, Back-To-School, or Christmas we are seeing shoppers that are becoming more and more last minute. Thats the reason we said this week obviously is important week for us because I think were well positioned to take advantage of those last minute shoppers.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : When you think about the consumer, if thats the case then January is not going to be a lot different then December, when you think about the consumer getting healthier do you think your comps outside of CCR and beer and wine your comps will basically keep pace with the labor market and unemployment and thatll be the tell tale sign for an improvement in comps?
Greg Wasson: I do think that post the Christmas holiday season there are a lot of non-discretionary purchases with seasonal goods. I think once we get through the holiday we should see less of an effect on pure seasonal merchandising and the effect it has on our comp.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : As part of the CCR retool with the decor package are you making any other changes to departments whether it be cosmetics or its basically just the decor?
Greg Wasson: With CCR, one is basically the refresh that were talking about in Houston and in Dallas and the addition of decor package, thats pretty much as is. We are looking at certainly the modifications, maybe the changes that we learn regarding skus and so forth as I mentioned earlier. We are indeed looking at additional opportunities to improve the format whether its in beauty, whether its in expanded food and beginning to look at pilots and a better understanding of how we can improve the experience and become more relevant to the future shopper.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : That could be part of CCR 2011?
Greg Wasson: I dont know if Id call it part of CCR. I think CCR youll see CCR-2 which will be just continued modification improvement of the refresh that we have out there now. I think some of these others Im talking about would be bigger format changes as we understand how we can leverage that footprint that we have now in areas like beauty, food, and so forth.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : The CCR cost, how much of that is incremental as opposed to what you normally would have spent? Secondly, you guys now have $3 billion plus of gross cash, how do you think about doing something with that, obviously youre not earning much in the bank?
Wade Miquelon: The CCR costs, effectively almost all of it is incremental. Its really because of the nature of how were executing it, were doing it very quick, were using onsite crews and things to make sure we have minimal disruption in our stores. Again, were hoping the benefits of CCR help close to pay for this thing on the run. Thats how weve positioned and talked about that. Again, I think in terms of the size of the investment its actually pretty miniscule investment relative to the impact that we get from the stores and expect to get. On cash, weve laid out our cash priorities. Obviously its not great having money in the bank earning almost no interest but we also want to be very smart and very ROIC driven. Just because were generating cash doesnt mean that were going to feel compelled to doing something that doesnt earn a good robust return for the company and for the shareholder.
Operator: Your last question comes from Scott Mushkin  Jefferies
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: I wanted to go back to the CCR in Houston. Is that helping or hurting sales? I know we didnt answer what its moving comps up by but do you guys view it as helping sales at this stage or hurting?
Greg Wasson: As I said earlier, its a little too early to tell. With some of the variables that weve got thrown at us right now as far as the season and the hurricane comping in Houston. Believe me, well have better insight by the next call and be able to feel a little bit better about where we are what kind of numbers we are seeing.
Wade Miquelon: Note that all these stores always had a planned dip just from the initial, not shut down, the work going on. Weve modeled what that planned dip is. In most cases were doing better then the planned dip. Still there is a structural bend as you get into this initially.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: I also had a question on the decor package. My impression being down in Houston was you actually did switch the decor package and so as to say another switch of decor or just a clarification there?
Greg Wasson: When we went it we gave a refresh to the existing decor package which was minimal in cost. What were looking at rolling out in March is a complete new decor package with different graphics and so forth.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Talking about the dip, as we do 3,000 stores, any magnitude there of what kind, is it mostly front end or how do we look at the dip?
Wade Miquelon: Mostly front end. We havent given a number but its something two or three weeks come out of it then go positive. I dont think its going to be that material that I would worry too much about it.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: One final thing on SG&A, is your thought process here, I think you said that 7% to 8% growth range that would seem to be a little bit above where the street was and could take your earnings down below the 240 level, the street I guess is down there. Is that how I should be looking at this?
Wade Miquelon: The reason we give clarity on SG&A first and foremost was just because we wanted to make sure that we maintain transparency and credibility with you and all of our stakeholders in terms of these rewire for growth benefits so that people can see that they actually are being delivered. Again, because theres lot of moving parts in that SG&A and in some cases lack of clarity of how new stores, the rolling average how that impacts whatever there is a wide range out there in terms of how SG&A is modeled.  That I think is really the key thing that we wanted to focus on with this is to make sure people understood how they should look at SG&A, how can they have confidence over time that in fact these rewire savings are being delivered as committed.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Consulting fees in the quarter, what were they?
Wade Miquelon: I think it was about $7 million
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Thats coming down nicely
Wade Miquelon: Clearly over time I think we feel we did the right thing by getting lots of outside help. In fact, a lot of what weve been doing is changing the tire while the car is moving and our people are working very hard in their day jobs. The additional capability has been helpful so that we can keep running the business. Clearly over time weve got a lot of great people and wed like to be much less reliant upon that and much more dependent upon our great people.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Id like to turn it back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Rick Hans: That was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Well announce December sales on January 6th. Please note that reflects our new schedule of announcing monthly sales on the third business day of the month rather than the second business day. The following week we will hold our annual shareholders meeting on January 13th at Navy Pier in Chicago starting at 2pm Central Time. Afterward we will host a Q&A session for analysts who are attending; we hope to see you there. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Tuesday, March 23rd, thats when we will announce fiscal 2010 second quarter results. Until then, thank you for listening and have a Happy Holiday and a great New Year.
Operator: That does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-09-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations & Finance Greg D. Wasson - President and Chief Executive Officer Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co. Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets Mark Miller - William Blair Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse Steve Halper - Thomas Weisel Partners John Ransom - Raymond James Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Walgreen Co., Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and I would like to turn the call over to Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead.
Rick Hans: Thank you Mark and good morning everyone. I apologies for the little bit of a late start here, little technical problem. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO will discuss the quarter's highlights and the macro environment. Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will detail the fourth quarter financial results before we began taking your calls. When we get your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we may give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. You can find a link to our webcast to Investor Relations at walgreens.com. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We are also making the call available as a pod cast for the first time. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections on future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms, 10-K and 10-Q for discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg D. Wasson: Thank you Rick and thank you everyone for listening to our call. We appreciate your continued interest in Walgreen's. Today I'm going to review our progress this quarter, address the macro environment including the economy and healthcare reform and update you regarding some of the innovative programs we are implementing across the company. In the fourth quarter we have posted solid result in a difficult economy, we have seen the first net financial benefits from our restructuring initiatives. Net sales for the quarter were $15.7 billion, up 7.6%. Consumers are concerned about rise in unemployment, keeping their homes and paying down their credits cards. They are focused on value and are buying needs versus one, but even in this challenging environment our people delivered record sales. Net earnings were $436 million or $0.44 per diluted share compared to $443 million or $0.45 per diluted share a year ago. For the fiscal year, net sales were record $63.3 billion, up 7.3%. Net earnings were $2.01 billion or $2.02 per diluted share. In the fiscal 2008, net earnings were $2.16 billion or $2.17 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations in fiscal 2009 was up 35% over year ago, showing a record $4.1 billion. Looking back on fiscal 2009 we reported another record sales here, which was marked the one of the most important strategic and operational transformations in our company's 108 year history. And we did it while navigating through the most severe economic downturn in decades and preparing for potentially the biggest reform of our healthcare systems since Medicare. As a result, we have adjusted our retail model to respond to what we believe will be last in changes in consumer behavior. In addition we're positioning our company for healthcare changes that will place a greater focus on preventing and managing chronic disease and promoting heath awareness. Let me take a few minutes to talk about healthcare reform and the context of our strategy. With nearly 170 million Americans currently insured by their employer. Corporate America will undoubtedly continue to play a vitally important role in healthcare systems. And most employers want to including Walgreens. We support the Obama's Administration's guiding principles of improved access, greater affordability and higher quality as part of any reform platform. And we agree with the need to shift, focus to preventing and managing chronic disease and emphasizing health and wellness. We are on the frontline of healthcare with 68,000 professionals, who can impact people's behavior through direct face-to-face interaction. Greater illustration of that is the current seasonal flu in H1N1 pandemic. We've already provided more than twice as many seasonal flu shots to patients this fall compared with the total we delivered during all of last year's flu season. And all that is thanks to our nearly 16,000 pharmacies and Take Care health providers were qualified administer flu shots. No other retailer has that many health professionals immunizing the public. This is one example of how we are advancing the profession of pharmacy as viable resource on healthcare's front line. They are going beyond the dispense in a medication to providing valuable healthcare service. Our platform for delivering Pharmacy and health and wellness services now extends to 7000 drug stores, especially Pharmacy and Home Infusion Network and Work-side Health centers and retail clinics. With that foundation, we are taking Walgreen directly to employers, government entities, Manage Care Companies and TVM's as a provider of Pharmacy and health and wellness services. Our recent agreement with Caterpillar is example how we are doing that, as a result of working directly with CAT, we gave them proprietary, transparent pricing to better manage their cost and improve overall health outcomes. And we're certainly encouraged by the traction this approach is getting in the market. Many other companies are talking to us about similar programs because of this compelling offer. In addition to taking our services directly to employers and other third parties, we're also going directly to consumers with our Prescription Savings Club. This program is offering discounted pricing on branded Generic Medication to nearly 2 million members today. Another initiative we announced today, we'll promote wellness and better treatment of chronic disease through a commitment to expand 90 day prescriptions at our retail pharmacies. We've worked with positions, employers, manage care and PBM's to bring a 90 day retail option to a large population of patients across our national network of 7000 pharmacies. Patients want a choice of getting prescriptions either through the mail or through local community pharmacy. And when they have that choice, more often than that they choose a retail pharmacist. That increases patient interaction with their pharmacist and study show that interaction leads to great inherence to medications. Good example; the willingness of patients to try 90 day prescriptions can be found under the Medicare Part D plan. Part D has included a 90 day at retail option since its conception. But today, more than 24% of our Part D beneficiary perception volume is filled in 90 day quantities at our retail pharmacist. That takes into account that these 90 day prescriptions fill three times the volume of a 30 day pill. When a 90 day retail option is added to a prescription plan, total 90 day utilization increases. That benefits overall healthcare spending and lowers cost for both the patients and the payer. It's a great message for improving health outcomes and spending healthcare dollars more effectively. Whether patients want retail or mail service, we can serve them to whichever channel they desire. Not like that they're doing a progress of our business strategies. Our success is evolved from the careful implementation of leveraging the best store network in America, enhancing the customer experience and achieving major cost reductions and productivity gains. First leverage in our stores after; we reached our goal 3000 stores in the year 2000 we set a new goal ahead 7000 stores by 2010. On Thursday, we'll officially celebrate achieving that net milestone with the grand opening of our 7000 store located in Brooklyn, New York. With a total of 7042 drug stores as of today, we are once again the largest drug store chain in the country in terms of both store count retail revenue. We are also now in all 50 states with three Alaska stores opened this past summer. We reached our goal mostly through organic growth, given us an incredible foundation to build upon and especially how younger stores are. For fiscal 2009, we registered a net gain of 554 stores including 70 acquisitions compared with 561 to previous fiscal year. Fiscal 2010, we expect organic store growth of between 4.5 to 5%. With our current growth strategy, we are now balancing the pace of new store openings with our commitment to improving our existing store base and enhancing the customer experience. Allowing stores to mature and drive higher ROIC the right strategy in this economy. But it doesn't mean we are walking away from growth opportunities. We see opportunities grow market share through continue organic store growth, driving comp store sales and pharmacy file buys. We'll also continue evaluating potential acquisitions that reinforce our core. Even before store growth slowed this quarter, we made significant progress on expense control. Slowing store growth will contribute even more to SG&A growth concerned going forward. In the fourth quarter, SG&A was helped by rewiring for growth average and in fact... and the fact that we tightly manage store operating expenses. We were also helped by 149 stores opened in this quarter, down from 199 opened the year ago period. Moving to our second strategy of reinventing the customer experience; we are currently rolling out our customer sense of retailing format more than 400 stores intact. We are pleased with the results from our CPR store so far. Stores have been side lined, let's clutter in a brighter look. We expect CCR will not only improve comparable store sales and customer experience, but we also increase the number of customer visit and basket size. As we have said, CCR gives us four way win; it helps us improves sales, it takes work out of the stores, it reduces capital deployed and it provides a better customer experience with greater relevancy and efficiencies. A key category that we are adding to our stores is beer and wine. We expect this category to rollout over the next 12 to 18 months. And although beer and wine will comprise less than 1% of total shelf space in typical store. We believe it will increase basket size and drive traffic in our stores. If you didn't take the time to check in out this morning, take a look at our redesigned Walgreens.com site, which we launched about a month ago. It offers a much improved online experience including new convenient features, product merchandising, integrated health content and a new mobile version. We also feature seven health shops that bring together products, services and latest news and information. And lastly, our rewind for growth initiative remains on track to deliver a $1 billion and annual EBIT cost savings beginning in fiscal 2011. We have a relentless focus on cost reduction and productivity gains and that will continue. When you combine our SG&A control with our goals for gross profit, dollar growth we have a real opportunity to expand our operating margins. As you've heard, our investment is focused on the customer experience, giving more from our core store base and bring innovative programs to the market, positioning us for the new economy and healthcare reform. Tying all those together is a new branding campaign we launched about a week ago. Our new branding includes the tagline, Walgreen, there is a way. This reflects our customers' desire for someone to help make life easier for them. They want a little reminder, a little inspiration to live all around better healthier lives. Walgreen's will do that by providing simple solutions or small improvements such as flu shots to stay healthy for the convenience of photo services to connect with family. You'll see and hear a lot from this campaign in the weeks and months ahead. If you want to see the commercials on demand check them out on YouTube. We're providing a link on our Investor Relations website directed to the videos. Before I turn the call over to Wade, I'd like to mention a couple of recent additions in our management team. Jason Dubinsky, recently joined us as Divisional Vice President and Treasurer. Jason is leading our Treasury department and corporate risk management practice; with a strong background in retail and consumer sectors having worked closely with corporate clients and those industry as well with Goldman Sachs. And also Tim Theriault, joined us as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Tim joins us from Northern Trust Company and brings a unique combination of leadership, innovation and business intellect, with a background of both as technology and banking executive. I know, both Tim and Jason will do very well in the new positions. Now Wade will update you on our financial results in the quarter. Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you Greg. Let me get right into the financial details. In the quarter, net sales increased 7.6%, while our total comp sales rose 2.4%. Prescription sales rose 9% and represented nearly 67% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales and comp stores rose a solid 4.5%. We filled 182 million prescriptions during the quarter, an increase of 9.1% that includes a benefit of 1.4 percentage points from patients filling 90 day rather then 30 day scripts. On a comp store basis, the number of prescriptions increased 5.9% and that includes the benefit of 1.8 percentage points from patients going 90 day versus 30 day scripts. We exceeded by 5 percentage points, the industry wide pharmacy growth rate excluding Walgreen's as reported by IMS. Net earnings in the fourth quarter were $436 million or $0.44 per diluted share and that included the impact of $0.03 from rewiring cost and $0.07 in savings associated with the company's rewiring for growth initiatives, this reflects the 1.5% decrease in the 400 and $43 million or $0.45 per diluted share in the same quarter year ago. But recall the last year's quarter included the benefit of a vacation accrual adjustment of $79 million or $0.05 per diluted share. In addition, the quarter included the impacts of negative $0.01 per dilute share for the LIFO reserve, negative $0.01 per diluted share for interest expenses versus year ago, and a positive $0.01 per dilute share from a lower tax rate. For the fiscal year, net sales increased 7.3% to $63.3 billion. From that earnings in the year it was $2.01 billion or $2.02 per diluted share and that includes the impact of $0.16 in cost and about $0.16 in savings associated with the company's rewiring for growth initiatives. Net earnings reflected 7% decrease from last year and also include the impact of last year's $0.05 per diluted share benefit in the vacation accrual adjustment. Negative $0.04 per diluted per share for this year's LIFO reserve, negative $0.04 per diluted share versus year ago for interest expense, and a positive $0.02 per diluted share from a lower tax rate. Total prescription dollar sales increased 7.8%, while the number of scripts increased 6.9%. Top frond end sales were down slightly for this fiscal year. Total comp sales increased 2% and comp scripts increased 3.6% higher than the previous year. Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $4.3 billion at 7.7% increase versus the year ago quarter. Gross margin was up 10 basis points compared with the year ago quarter to 27.7%. This includes the LIFO provision of $48 million in this year's quarter versus the provision of $24 million in last year's fourth quarter, helping overall margins with an increase in retail pharmacy margins through Generics. Negatively impacting margin for non-retail businesses, frond end product mix, a higher LIFO provision and CCR markdowns. For the fourth fiscal year, our gross profit declined 40 basis points, while the same factors replay the increases in retail pharmacy margins didn't completely offset the negative factors. Our focus on cost control continued in the fourth quarter as we recorded an increase in SG&A dollars of 9.6% and this includes 2.6 percentage points due to last year's vacation accrual adjustment and 0.9 percentage point for rewiring for growth cost. On a two year stock basis, SG&A dollar growth for the fourth quarter declined from 23.4% to 14.1%. As Greg showed you, slowly new store openings will continue to benefit SG&A growth as well as the significant cost benefits resulting from rewiring for growth. We'll also have incremental SG&A expenses to the CCR store resets as we've previously discussed. And this next chart summarizes the savings and cost for rewiring for growth restructuring charges for fiscal year 2009. $0.15 in savings were offset by $0.16 in cost for the fiscal year. Total rewire expenses for the year were approximately $257 million. So you can get approximately a $140 million in fiscal 2010. We're on target for our net pretax savings of about $500 million in fiscal year 2010 and a net pretax savings of a $1 billion in fiscal 2011. We talked about sales, margins and earnings. So let's review some additional income statement details now. The LIFO provision was $48 million versus $24 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our LIFO provision this year was 2% compared with the provision of 1.28% in fiscal 2008. We are expecting a LIFO provision for 2010 to be approximately 2%. Next there was $51 million in restructuring cost in the quarter, including $23 million in consulting and other costs, $19 million in SKU discontinuation and $9 million in costs associated with workforce reductions. For the fiscal year, we incurred $63 million and write downs related to SKU discontinuation and we are about 70% through that process. Net interest expense was $23 million compared with $7 million last year, through the issuance of $1 billion bond in January of 2009. That interest expense benefited from a fixed rate to floating rate swap executed in July of 2009 on the $1.3 billion note issued at same month. Effective tax rate was 35.8% compared with the rate of 37.1% in the year ago period. We expect the tax rate of approximately 37% in fiscal 2010. Accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable are the components of working capital that most indirectly impact. The net some of these as a percent of sales has improved by 14.1% in the quarter, primarily due to the inventory improvement. Total inventories were down $460 million or 6.3% against total sales growth of 7.6% and a total drug store growth of 8.6% LIFO total inventories on a per store basis fell 11.1% in the most recent quarter. Controlling inventory continues to be a top priority. And even with lower inventories our in stock conditions improved in the fourth quarter compared with a year ago. And as you are aware, the growing inventory helps cash. Our net cash position at the end of the quarter was $236 million which compares favorably with a net cash of $52 million at the end of this third quarter and a net debt of over $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. Cash and cash equivalents and short term investment totaled $2.6 billion and long term debt totaled to $2.3 billion. Our financial flexibility and liquidity are in very good shape, and our balance sheet should only strengthen as we slower store growth, control inventory and drive cost savings over the next few years. The fiscal year 2009 we invested $1.9 billion in additions to property, plant and equipment versus $2.25 billion last year. The fiscal 2010, reducing the number of store openings will result in lower CapEx for our new stores but we will increase our investment's persistence and other improvement in existing stores. In total we anticipate fiscal 2010 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.6 billion. Now let me cover our cash flow performance. These graphs demonstrate the improvement in cash that we have generated from our store operations and improved working capital. Our cash flow from operations in the quarter increased to $852 million from $548 million a year ago, a 55% increase. Meanwhile, free cash flow this quarter stood at $459 million compared with a negative $24 million a year ago. For the fiscal year cash flow from operations increased 35% to a record $4.1 billion, and free cash flow for the year increased a 168% to a record $2.2 billion. We've planned to continue returning cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. We are developing a specific cash policy that will compliment our business plan. That policy will give all of stakeholders more clarity regarding our capital allocation decisions and principles going forward. So, looking ahead I am very optimistic about Walgreen's future. We have many opportunities starting with our three core strategies, which is leveraging the best retail network in America, driving CCR at the beginning of our journey towards a new customer focus and realizing the benefits of rewiring for growth. Walgreen is very well positioned to merge in this economic climate as a leader in pharmacy and health and wellness services. For healthcare payers (ph) accessibility, cost efficiency and better outcomes are the top priority. And we are able to step up here and help. On a consumer side, growing companies with winning strategies and a strong balance sheet can gain loyal customers in unprecedented ways during down economies. And we intend to be one of those strong companies and a true winner. For another quarter of strong cash flow and we are positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities provide attractive returns. We believe the initiatives and progress that Greg and I have outlined this morning will benefit investors through accelerated earnings growth, the continued dividend purchase... dividend increases and share repurchases. No doubt, we do face some headwinds, for just pharmacy reimbursement and an AWP reduction for medicate brand name drugs that could impact us by as much as 80 to $90 million this next fiscal year. We also face the slowdown in generic introductions for the next one or two years and an uncertain economy. But we also have key strategies and wonderful assets that give us unprecedented opportunities and I remain very confident. So I will close by saying, we are committed to return double-digit earnings growth as soon as possible and improving ROIC as part of our overall plan to create long term shareholder value. And I hope I've conveyed that message to you today. And now I'll turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. Mark that concludes our prepared remarks. So, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today will come from John Heinbockel with Goldman Sachs.
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, couple of things. How far are we through the CCR related clearance of SKU rationalized inventory and how much more is to go?
Greg Wasson: Hey John, Greg. We're probably long more than 70% through and feel pretty good about that as you know we've kind a taken early strategy to where we took the markdowns and did them within the departments so pretty good. We're about little over 70%.
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: All right. Then secondly, when you look at the -- I mean sort to sounds like you think pharmacy margins could be down over the next year. But I would also think maybe front-end could be up. And in an overall maybe end up closer to flat is that that sort of a fair take on the two parts in the business.
Greg Wasson: Well I think certainly on the front-end, we're going have to with the tight consumer and cautious consumer, we're going have to make sure we stay focuses on swing doors and really drive value. So we got to balance that obviously. We think we've got some good opportunities there with private brand CCR what we're doing there as we think we've got lot of the balance what we may have to drive value and drive traffic. As far as pharmacy margins, I think that certainly with the headwinds that Wade mentioned with the AWP reduction, we're going to be tackling that and stands the growth on the commercial side. We feel like we've made good progress most of the commercial payers realized that the we should be need to keep us hold states, kind of state by state we'll be working with those. So we see that how that comes down.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah. I just say John I think you have the balance that obviously there is some reimbursement pressure but I think we've got also good traction the business. We've got good services as we've talked things like Blue-Shots when in the overall margin we've made good progress in cost control and across the border and as we moved for wire -- stronger.
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: One final thing for me, how do you guard against picking too much cost out to the point that it impacts service I mean today I don't think that's happened but how do you guard against that?
Greg Wasson: Yeah, good question John. By just staying on top of the surveys and our employee's surveys, the customer surveys, we feel good there. We're doing obviously coming back from pharmacy. We've got good satisfactory responses there. Our wait time has improved from last year's I mentioned a couple of weeks ago we've actually cut our wait time pretty dramatically in pharmacy. So actually the store operators and folks are doing a good job in maintaining service levels where we take expense down.
Wade Miquelon: I'll just remind you our transmission is to rewire for growth does include the growth work and the whole key of this thing is really about reengineering the way we do work. I think this is example right, how can we not only be more consumer centric and provide a better experience but do those things in a way which take work out of the stores for employees and get into double, triple, quadruple wins so, I think its really is around reengineering, we've done a lot of that and we have to do a lot more.
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thanks very much and good morning. I was just wondering if you could comment on the capital deal and may be just take us a little bit through of how that works and what this proprietary pricing is and then secondly as we think about the 90 days script at retail, is that more profitable for you than a 30 day script?
Greg Wasson: Yeah, Lisa, As far as caterpillar deals I'd said the need thing there is that trust going directly to an employer to give them wide proprietary pricing and I think that's what's really excited about that those are the two big points that we went directly to an employer and because of that, we were able to give them our proprietary pricing and I think we're curious as I said because we're getting lot of interest in that. Switching to the 90 day, I think this is really a win-win-win. It's great for patients, there's definitely a market out there for it we know that in Part D and through our prescription savings Club Card there's Part D 90 day retail and mail option has been available consumption, we're up to as I said 23-24% penetration there, so consumers want it and the payers are beginning to see the real value. So, it's been a good profession, good payers, good for us and obviously as far as the margin when you get to recall when we take the cost down of three bills versus one bill with the 90 days. So we expect margins to be pretty good.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. So just I understand for the margins generally will be better on the 90 days script than the 30 day script. And then as you think about these relationships; are you signing any preferred relationships towards any of the managed care companies around 90 days script to try to drive volume to a Walgreen store?
Wade Miquelon: I'll handle the margin complexion, you know obviously ever situation is going to be different but we, as Greg said I think we can provide a better experience for patience to better cost for the payer and be fine on our end. With respect to managed care certainly we'll be working broadly with managed care PBMs and other employers direct to make sure that they have the opportunity to avail of 90 days.
Greg Wasson: But I think Lisa as far as any preferred relationships that's and don't really just to make that we offer this to all pairs on a broad approach. So if somebody wants to prefer that's great, but we really wanted just to make sure that we can this to all payers regardless of how they want to construct their network.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just one follow up question then, have you talked about on the margins on pharmacy? The fact that after tax is out of the market and some of the generic manufacturers are raising price, are you taking that into accounting in your previous comments around generic margins.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah I think we have pretty sophisticated model obviously is a very complex matrix of lots different drugs, lots of different payers, lots of different parts of the country but yeah that's all factored in.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: And when you seeing an impact form that from last manufacturers in the market?
Wade Miquelon: No I mean it's all manageable.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: Hey thanks guys and obviously a real solid quarter. As I hoping to you do the tag on the last two questions that were asked; number one I really didn't understand the margin answer for 2010 the way I'm canceling it out with 500 million of savings may be give back of 80 to 90 is that we can earn 240 to 250 next year. And I'm just trying to understand the margin pressure seem to you guys to hedge (ph) that margins might be down both in the farm Front-end in the pharmacy, there's only be give us a little clarity on that and then I have followed up on the if you give us question if I could.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah, I would say obviously it's a lot more complex in just to 500 benefit and then the 80-90 AWP. I mean reimbursement pressure there are other pressures, there is still AMP issue pending and of course there's a lot of payers they are under pressure. So, there are other reimbursement pressures beyond that now there always has been and it's kind of always it's always every year it's always struggle, but I wouldn't want to say that's the only reimbursement pressure, I think Greg was leading to in the Front-end and I think we have a wonderful opportunity to grab a much bigger basket where traffic there might be some balancing overtime. I want to make to sure if the value equation is right. So, we'll be looking also at total gross profit dollars deliver there by the becoming more relevant in driving a lot more volume versus just focusing on the gross profit percent. It doesn't mean that we will definitely go down but again I think what we want to do over time is to become more relevant drive, much more volume through there and if we can maximize those profit dollars that might be a better way to go.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: So, as we look in next we notice in the marketplace you guys are reducing your prices pretty actively with the green tags in the front end, I mean are we doing it in a substantial uptake in front end sales to maintain that dollars that you mentioned?
Greg Wasson: Yeah Scott. Greg. As I said retail obviously is balances, is balancing margin in traffic, so we are getting sharper on value guidance in a. Some key value items within storage negative refresh, right, we have to do that to make sure we stay relevant. At the same time, we've got to manage as we always do, we have to drive private brand to offset that. And believe me that's what we will be doing as focusing on that right balance.
Wade Miquelon: But I think its also, it's a portfolio Scott. There are items where we just weren't competitive on key driving items and we are getting competitive there is a lot of other items where we referable of the pricing than anyone. And that quite does make a lot of sense for format so, I think its really making sure that we play the portfolio in the smartest way to be relevant on items where we have to be get on relevant.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, now switching to less then 90 day script issue that Lisa was talking about, I mean you guys have always said that 90 day scripts and I think its always been common in the retail industry are less profitable then 330 days and something changed there because that's kind of how Walgreen and everyone else has always presented it and I was just wondering if you can clarify that margin issue when you got from 30 to 90.
Greg Wasson: No Scott, its Greg. I think again when you look at the gross profit dollars of a 90 days script versus a 30. And then you look at the cost to fill reduction obviously for two fill from three fills to one, we fill pretty choppy. We've launched this if you recall back in early 2003, 2004 maybe with advantage 90 to WHI. And that's when it really began 98 retail really began to take off. And then as you know we worked hard to get in the partly plans. And we fell confident that if a patient wants a 90 day quantity and it want to build to get retail then we should be offered. We feel that we're okay on the margin.
Wade Miquelon: And I can also tell you there is a very, very big market out there. People that are getting 90 day at mail who wished they have the opportunity to get at retail. So obviously for them to be able have the opportunity in the choice as we've said before more often than not they choose retail and they have that choice. That incremental business for us is a very good business. But what we want to do is really be able to be agnostic in terms of 30 day, 90 day drive through in-store mail you name it and give the patient and the payer the choice which is right for them whatever that might be.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: And then one final then I'll give it out, deal restricted in other words people have to fill it Walgreen or no?
Greg Wasson: No.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: Or is it preferred in other words?
Wade Miquelon: I'll give you a simple, obviously we don't want to, we're not going to go and there's lot of detail on our proprietary pricing, but the general constructive is that, the more services the CAT avails the Walgreen's can offer and the more volume that comes through the better the pricing we can offer. So, what we're really trying to do is incant a win-win.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: So, it's similar to CDS maintenance choice and it's a preferred network?
Wade Miquelon: No, it's not preferred it's just it where a base we just consents the pricing again for the more volume that comes to the network.
Greg Wasson: I think with Caterpillar, they're certainly going to try to encourage folks to use Walgreen to take advantage of the pricing we're giving them but it's not an excluded network dynamics by any means and that's what we're not interested in.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Co.: Right, thanks. I'll give up the floor. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Wolf, BB&T Capital Markets
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: Good Morning and congratulation on the quarter. I just wanted to ask you a follow-up on a first on can you update sort of the cost to do the remodels that you spoke to last quarter, you said you learned, get some learnings on that. If you could where that might end, also in the flipside the kind of sales lift either you're getting or you expect how much of that can be offset because last quarter most less cam away try to figure out what the net impact to that would be on this year's earnings.
Wade Miquelon: The cost we said before is between 30 and 50,000 per store. So I think we've estimated that pretty accurately. In terms of the sales lift, we haven't given a number but I would say that the payback period from what we're seeing and projecting is pretty quick. So if you take top 5000 storage comes 40,000 you get to around a couple of $100 million. But we're going to see, we believe in the fiscal year benefits in terms of sales uplifts cost reductions that should offset most or all of that. So we've kind of basically call that a wash for the most part. And again, because the payout period it's a very high ROIC making these current stores more productive is really this simple greatest liver we can pull on ROIC.
Greg Wasson: Andy as far as the cost, the good thing is now that we're in a couple major markets like Dallas and Houston where we can really leverage scale the reset teams where looking for to seeing what we really can do as far as the efficiencies drive that cost down.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: And are these remodels I know you still have a pretty small sample size but I did still on the sales left still tracking above what you had originally planned?
Greg Wasson: Yeah, we're still encouraged with what we're seeing.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay and I just wanted to flip on the, to one follow up on the Caterpillar deal, some of the industry consultants have characterized that as market share driven, but discount pricing and I'm just trying to understand what that means for Walgreen's particular since there's a large cost component removed by not using a full service PBM how the, what of that using part of that exclusion of that flow of some of the profit dollars, were that leads Walgreen's obviously or at least caterpillar released Walgreen's...
Greg Wasson: Yeah, again I think the need things is because we were direct to CAT we were able to give them pricing that is good there pricing for both them and is as weighted is based on volume, it's the first time where instead of giving a price without the opportunity to grow volume or other services that we've been able to, we're going to arrangement we're too good for CAT and for us. So it's they're realizing the savings because there is no one between they and us.
Andrew Wolf - BB&T Capital Markets: So your contribution dollars, they're going to go up exponentially or linearly with market share?
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Well I wouldn't comment exactly. I would just say I would reiterate with what Greg said which is if it good deal for us and it's a good deal for CAT. It's a true win-win.
Greg Wasson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And Mark Miller with William Blair has question.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Hi good morning. Follow-up to prior question on remodels, about how many of the new format stores do you think you might convert in the next fiscal year. I know your plans been 5000 but how does that gets spread across fiscal'011. Then if you look at that expense drag, net of the sales left, how large of a negative might that be for remodels versus the benefit to earnings that you are slowing the store growth in this next year, could those two balance out or with a tip one way or the other.
Greg Wasson: You know we are still identifying the number of stores but we have tried taking somewhere around 4000 and as you know there is a very low end 3500 to 5 on the very upper end but we've got a lot new stores coming out, they don't need to remodel we have certain other formats that it really doesn't make sense to. But what I would say Mark compared to the previous comment we think it to the most part that will balance out. Right, so might go 20-30 million one way or another it might but for the most part we believe we will balance out because of the list we are getting, some of the cost efficiencies and some of the other work we are doing around, CCR to be more in the promotion we are facing et cetera so, lets say, I think its largely going to be a...
Mark Miller - William Blair: But my question weighed with also factoring in the benefits of earnings as you slow the store growth? Does that and imply that it becomes a net benefit when I take those two dynamics together?
Unidentified Company Speaker: There'll be some benefit in slowing store growth so, we haven't put a number out there but obviously that really compounds over time. So, as we go from 8 to 9% to 5% you get some benefit but over time that it really starts to roll through so even stronger the following year, much stronger the year after. But yeah there could be some incremental benefit from that.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay, thanks. My second question is, looking at the inventory impressive management overall, how much of that is coming from skew rationalization, how much is it from other working capital initiatives power, I'm wondering if that could be a benefit and then just how much further can Walgreen's go optimizing inventory terms? Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Mark, its Greg. We are seeing -- you probably asked mix between what we're seeing from CCR and what we're seeing from supply chain initiatives and I'm really enthuse with frankly what we're seeing more on the supply chain I think the CCR reductions we kind of expect it, but I think we're making real progress on supply chain with Randy, who is working with our vendors. And we're also really making progress on the pharmacy side as well and that's more from really fine tune in safety stock and the actual quality that we need to have on hand, So, I think there is still upside for us, I think we've got a lot of potential to improve our supply chain.
Wade Miquelon: And it took for us as we do believe there is opportunity, but we're going to make sure we keep taking out inventory while we improve our service level at the same time and when we able to do those two things in constant by changing how we think about it and how we work and how our processes work.
Greg Wasson: We're working with vendors on a much greater way than we have in past and there is, of certain past Randy now has inventory from there at least a vendor to the consumer hands. Lot of opportunity there.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Thanks. Just finally looking for the flaw in these results not obvious but only comment would be nice if you had brought back stock sooner and hopefully that will come. Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Thanks, Mark.
Wade Miquelon: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ed Kelly with Credit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning guys, nice results. Where your DNA was up only about 1% this quarter, I mean it's been up a lot more than that historically. Is there something that we should reason to that is, reason that it was up so much and how should we look at that going forward? Is this going to be a more normalized growth rate now that your CapEx been is coming down?
Greg Wasson: I think that's right. I think it's more normalized now what you're seeing. Slowing start grow, starting to impact a little bit and then the mix in terms of obviously where we've been spending I think the rates we're seeing I think it will be normalized now. So as best, we should be thinking about sort of low single digit type DNA growth going forward.
Greg Wasson: May be single to mid; hopefully December to finding on that
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, if you could just go through the billion dollars in cost saves when you initially laid that out you had a few bucket there. Could you talk about where you're into those buckets in terms of relative to your initial plan?
Greg Wasson: Okay. Well you know there is three core big buckets. The first one was basically indirect spent that's 215 million all that things we've buy that we don't sale the people. And then there is $500 million which was corporate labors, field's labor, store labor, etcetera payroll affectively. And then another $250 million it benefits associated with really transforming community pharmacy. I would say that and all three of this we are on plan with what we predicted. In fact the net benefit what we'd originally said would be zero this year and we basically did end up with zero, but we had a lot more cost this year and lot more benefit than originally thought and that's because we pull forward many of these initiatives, so we pull forward the one-time, but in some cases also pull forward the benefits. So, again that given specific year-by-year of the buckets and all three we believe we're on-track, we're on track for 500 million next year, we believe we want to achieve for the billion in 2011.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then Greg just last question for you, you mentioned acquisitions as supplementing the core strategy, could you may be just talk little bit about what you sort of have in mind there are we talking healthcare, retail opportunity this is sort of smaller both on the which consider something larger, nay help there would be great?
Greg Wasson: Well, I think as I said we want to stay flexible to look at whatever opportunities come our way, we think we've built some pre-sophisticated platforms on healthcare side, we've got the leading infusion platform now and we're combining those because we think there is true differentiation to take as specialty slice infusion platform to the payer. So we feel good there. I think the take care clinic platform gives us the ability to really launch more and more health environment services as we do focus more on prevention of chronic disease, going forward. I feel good there, our employer health sites as well we got a good platform. So I think there is some gap fillers maybe on the healthcare side maybe we maybe need to look at but I think just we want to just stay flexible and look at whatever may come to us. There is definitely some consolidation on the retail side of business but we filter and make sure make good decisions.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Halper with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Steve Halper - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah, hi good morning. Just to clarify so the AWP hit based on the settlement that was amounts couple of days ago that's a done deal that's what you think the cost is going to be in 2010?
Greg Wasson: I wouldn't say it's a done deal I think the range we feel very confident with I think there's a lot of work to be done. Steve we're going to do everything we knew to even improve upon that. As I said, the commercial side, we feel good about, we've got some work to do, but they pretty much realizing the need they want to make us whole and on the state side, it would be state by state and I think states (ph) so they've been little slower to come along, but as we've done with each stage in the past or hand each one uniquely and continue to try to work with them and help them find other ways.
Steve Halper - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, would you characterized the 80 to 90 as your worse case?
Wade Miquelon: I think that's safe to say.
Steve Halper - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll hear from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Hey, just following up on the AWP question, I think when we're out there in August, you had that number about a 150 million. Have you just refined your estimates or have you had any statements to bring that number down?
Greg Wasson: Well now there's been a lot work done John in the last several months. Certainly all of this in this industry have, had this is one of our top priority. So we've had our folks working the commercial side aggressively and it really means the good progress there. And again states been all slower but we're going to continue to work with each state to try to help them find other ways of reduce costs. And we worked with State of Washington, State of Delaware and ended up with good results in both those states and we expect to do the same.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Great, second question your script trends per store are up quite a bit year-over-year. How much of that is market growth and how much of that is market share what do you think.
Greg Wasson: We're exceeding the market share the IMS numbers without WAG pretty significantly. So we feel good there. Obviously we're rounded some but I think we're also seeing some positive numbers from the file buys that we've made over the recent 12 months. I think we're also seeing people begin to stay more complaint on their drugs. I think the either the economic downturn I think we saw people (ph) and skipping doses I think we'll begin to see that's soften in a little.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. And then lastly, talking about your 90 day at retail you're still on about 5% I think of up quite a bit, just looking at the structures of your commercial plans and the ones that would only be 90 days on their own retail mail platform, what's the upper limit of what's you could do 90 day at retail do you think and how much should we expect those script that penetration to grow and what kind of effect you think it has on your P&L. Thanks.
Greg Wasson: Do you know on an adjusted number when I look at what's going on with Part D in the marketplace and even our Prescription Saving Club Care. Part D in marketplace were about 24% as I said on adjusted basis. Prescription Savings Club Card, we're looking at nearly 40%. I think there was a big upside as the payers begin to see more value as well as patients, the good thing about this is when a payer add a 90 day retail benefit to an existing 90 day mail benefit, 90 utilization increases and hence approved patients and payers both side. So, I think there is a huge market out there.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Is there a structural, at least in the short-term a structural resistance from the Medco's and Express Scripts of the world that don't want to loose that 90 day mail?
Greg Wasson: There has been some natural resistant certainly. But again, I always go to the marketplace and as patients begin to want it and demand it and that is the payers that are offering it begin to see value, marketplace begins to dictate it.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Right. And you guys get to your Board process for allocation of future free cash flow which is -- you're now on net debt, your cash exceed your debt, you obviously going to generate a lot of cash flow. How do you plan to communicate that for the marketplace, you're going to have some kind of press release following your Board or you're just going to talk about on your next conference call. How do you plan to get that message to the marketplace?
Wade Miquelon: We definitely once we've finalized an approval we definitely we'll communicate. I don't know exactly how we will, but we'll make sure that we do. And we do it broadly and we're very clear about it.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Greg Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Deborah Weinswig with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Nathan (ph) filling in for Deb. First question I wanted to touch on is on your rewind for growth initiative, it seems like it's been pretty strong performance in both payroll. I was just wondering if you can share some more details on the work that you've done there and what changes we can expect going forward?
Greg Wasson: Yeah, I think on store payrolls as far as lot of it is the work that we are removing from stores chain wise is some of that is coming from CCR others is just as look we're looking at of processes. I think some of it has been looking at hours of operations to make sure we're right for the marketplace, but really just a real good effort in improving the efficiencies. We're looking at some of the processes and the work we've been asking our stores to do and other things are most encouraged with CCR and nearly responses we're getting from store managers is the fact that they say it's getting easier to run a drug store and I think that in itself could be one of the biggest benefits we realized.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. And then just one follow-up. In terms of your prescription savings about the things like the customer response has been pretty encouraging, I was just wondering if you see any opportunity to expand your early program?
Greg Wasson: Well, I think I agree with you on your Prescription Savings Club Card, we're really encouraged with it and I think we can continue to grow it and we are looking at the loyal initiative and beginning the early that work on we're probably going to pursue a CCR type journey that will build the foundation and begin to look at the pilot and go from there.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Meredith Adler.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Greg Wasson: Thanks Meredith.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: You were talking about the three buckets from growth and I was wondering if the last piece was about community pharmacy and making some changes there. And are you still focused on central sale, I heard you also talked about central phone calls can you talk about kind of where that stands and how that's going?
Wade Miquelon: Yeah, I mean obviously there is different components to the whole transformation pharmacy that's what we called dynamic workflow balancing, which is pushing paper work across pharmacies. There is the front-end processing, which is streamlining and taking our call center work, paper work et cetera and their central fill. I think what we're finding is -- remember the end what this is really about as being able to free at pharmacist time and to do more services to the more cancer patients, provide a better experience it's about also being able to get scaled, so we can do some of the work more efficiently on the cost side, but we are finding in different places. There is different permutation that makes more sense in others, so sometimes makes sense sometimes it might not other times the central could be a great thing to link it to specialty to provide that kind of option in retail. So, it's really it plays the key role but, it depends on where we are geographically as to what makes the most sense.
Greg Wasson: Meredith it's not like that add to that in sort of there has been nationwide but when we talk about transforming community firm is the in addition what we extend we really look take cost at what we do but in so improve the out view performance is really way more agree to load and out care. This Blue-Shot program that we launched, it really helped provide a solution, great illustration of what pharmacist on the frontline health care can do, in addition what they done in the past. So we're really pleased with this as an example what we can do going forward.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Great. Wonderful. And then I have another question maybe to talk a little bit more about how you will leverage the take care centers on side clinic to do even more in terms of managing chronic health conditions and are you putting a focus for the take care centers on getting managed care to pay for that.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Meredith. Both good questions. I look at our take care clinics as the platform that we have to now launch more and more health and wellness services. And as we move more toward a need for more prevention and management chronic disease health and wellness services, we're positioned well to offer more health's scrimmage point of care diagnostics as we go forward. Second question was...
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: The second -- I'm actually not quite sure. I would think I wanted this know whether managed care was paying for the take your clinics?
Greg Wasson: Yeah managed care is we're most nearly 70, 75% contracted and it depends on market. But most managed care is definitely contract and I think we're the key things in the real opportunity yet with this business is it's been kind of a consumer pull model in the past where we've marketed consumers are coming in and using them on their own satisfactions of the charts. And there's managed care now begins to see more value and understand how I can help them offer affordable trust for healthcare I think you began to see folks encourage the use of them.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Okay. This might maybe my final question would be about paying for some of these services I mean that's always been perhaps the hardest thing in healthcare is to demonstrate real value from counseling and then to get paid for it. Can you talk about maybe how those conversations are developing with managed care organizations?
Greg Wasson: Yeah, obviously it all that ends comes and obviously we need the analysts to begin to be able to show what we are able to do. Managed care is extremely interested in paying for these services more so they have probably seen in the last year, two years. And I think as long as we are able to show them the results and the outcomes there's we can monetize that.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: And you have the analytics build?
Greg Wasson: We need a little more sophistication there. But we've got some pretty good clinical folks, pretty good clinical teams that are helping us there. And I want to begin to feel little more sophistication but we're ahead where we need to be.
Wade Miquelon: I think the work side group that we have to take care have a big headstart here because we have enabled been work with a lot of employers directly with their data on site to help manage outcomes at the really point of work and point of care and I think that's probably here a big advantage that we have.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Rick Hans: Folks, this is Rick. That was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We'll announce our September sales on October 2nd. Please keep in mind that we include Blue-Shots in our script totals rather than as front-end sales. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be on Monday, December, 21st. That's when we will announce fiscal 2010 first quarter results. And till then thank you for listening.
Greg Wasson: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-06-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance Gregory D. Wasson - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Wade D. Miquelon - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Mark Miller - William Blair Simeon Gutman - Canaccord Adams Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley  Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research  Scott Mushkin - Jefferies Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital  Lisa Gill - JP Morgan  Debra Weinswig - Citigroup  John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the Walgreens Company third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Cecilia and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will discuss the quarters highlights, including updates on our three key growth strategies. Wade Miquelon, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail the second quarter financial results before we begin taking your calls. John Spina, our Vice President and Treasurer, also is joining us on the call today.  When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time.  Todays call is being simulcast on our investor relations website located at investor.walgreens.com. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months.  Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of factors as they related to forward-looking statements.  Now Ill turn the call over to Greg. 
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick and thank you, everyone for listening to our call. We certainly appreciate your continued interest in Walgreens. Today I am going to review the quarter, update you on our three strategies, and share some thoughts on todays consumer and healthcare reform.  In the third quarter, we posted solid results in a difficult economy while recording significant restructuring costs. Net sales for the quarter were a record $16.2 billion, up 8%. We continue to see consumes save more, use less credit, and spend closer to payday. This is challenging to all retailers, including us, but we are well-positioned to continue to grow.  Net earnings were $522 million, or $0.53 per share diluted, compared with $572 million or $0.58 per share diluted a year ago. Earnings per share this quarter include $0.06 of rewiring for growth costs and $0.06 in rewire benefits.  I am pleased with our ability to generate cash flow from operations of $1.5 billion in the third quarter, a 54% increase over a year ago. For the nine months, our cash flow from operations was $3.3 billion, up 31% over a year ago. Inventory control was one of the key drivers for our cash flow improvement.  Implementing our strategic initiatives is improving our cash flow, which in turn allows us to invest back into our key strategies and start the virtuous circle all over again. We are often asked to clarify our cash priorities so let me do that now.  Our first priority is to ensure a sound balance sheet and ample liquidity to whether any storm during these tough economic times. Second is to ensure that we continue to invest in our winning strategies for the future, such as CCR; and third is to make sound decisions that reward shareholders. As a reminder, our board will review dividend and share repurchase options at its July meeting.  Most of you are familiar with our three strategies that are intended to help us return to double-digit earnings growth. Those are leveraging the best store network in America, enhancing the customer experience, and implementing major cost reductions and productivity gains. As part of our first strategy, late last year we announced that we would slow our pace of store openings from the current 9% to 2.5% to 3% in fiscal 2011. This slowing will have a positive impact on our operating profit and ROIC. Thats because well lessen the financial drag of a large number of new store openings each year. As you see from this chart, new stores dont turn profitable until their second or third year and as those stores continue to mature, their profitability grows. I think we just got the slide up. With our past store growth, weve put down the tracks for significant ROIC improvement.  Now our store growth hasnt slowed yet but SG&A already has dropped significantly. That reflects our rewiring for growth efforts and the fact that weve done a good job managing store operating expenses.  Beginning in the fourth quarter, well see a sequential decline in new store openings toward our 2.5% to 3% growth target, as that slowing of new stores begins, it will contribute to SG&A control going forward. Ill pause a few minutes so you can view the slide.  Looking at our second strategy, we hit new milestones in the third quarter with one of our key initiatives for enhancing the customer experience, customer-centric retailing. CCR is redefining our customer offering through enhanced store formats, fine-tuning the role of various categories within the store, optimizing product assortment, pricing, and promotions, and enhancing our vendor relationships.  The four big wins of CCR are improving the customer experience, thereby driving higher sales, lowering costs, and reducing capital employed.  In the quarter, we rolled out the new CCR format to 35 pilot stores and heres a before and after look at one of those locations. You see our CCR format on the lower right is more open, less cluttered, and provides better sight lines to help locate products. Also posted a short video on YouTube showing a stores CCR transformation. You can find that video by clicking the link to it on the homepage of our investor relations website after our presentation.  Its too early to extrapolate any results but these 35 stores are performing ahead of plan on all metrics, so we are encouraged that achieving all four wins is possible. Each of these 35 stores was converted in about a week and with minimal disruption to sales. Our plan is to roll CCR out to about 400 stores this fall. And after a break for the holidays, we plan a nationwide rollout through calendar 2010.  Besides the 35-store pilot program, weve completed, optimized assortment resets for 36 of our first 40 product categories nationwide. Through that optimization process, about 4,500 SKUs were eliminated for about 18% of our total. Thats one of the contributing factors to this quarters tight inventory control. Please note we are not reducing SKUs for reductions sake. We are developing a preferred assortment that our shoppers are telling us they want.  Meanwhile, gross profit dollars increased 6.6% on an adjusted basis. Were encouraged that gross profit dollar growth has stabilized over the past two quarters.  We continue to focus on cost reductions and productivity gains around our business. One way we are doing that is by transforming community pharmacy and our power project is an enabler of that. Weve nearly completed rollout of power in Florida and rollout in Arizona is underway.  SG&A expenditures in the third quarter were up only 7.4% excluding costs associated with our restructuring versus 10.2% a year ago. SG&A is up slightly from the second quarter 2009 in part because we opened 162 new drugstores this quarter versus 45 in the second quarter and in last years third quarter, we opened 122 new drugstores.  Looking ahead, Id like to address two other topics -- todays changing consumer behavior and healthcare reform. Todays consumer is more value-driven than in the past and this may be a permanent shift. Were positioning ourselves to be more relevant to the customer through programs like our affordable essentials, CCR, our prescription savings club, and our private brand strategies.  The latest AC Nielsen report for the 12 weeks ending in April shows our private brand dollar sales growing 12.8%. That compares with an increase of 7.6% for all drugstores excluding Walgreens and just a 1.2% increase for all other food, drugstore, and mass merchandise retailers.  Our convenient store locations and iconic brand also give us a competitive advantage during times like these. We are in communities where people live and work and entrusted by 5 million shoppers every day for their needs.  On the healthcare reform side, things are heating up in Washington. If left unchecked, some estimate healthcare costs could increase from $2.5 trillion a year now to $4 trillion within a decade. Walgreens and the retail pharmacy industry have a role in generating savings in healthcare. Our pharmacists and clinicians at retail and employer clinics are accessible, affordable providers of quality care and it makes good economic sense to include them as part of the solution. As is widely proven, better prescription compliance is key to lowering healthcare costs.  Another example of the role our clinicians can serve, more than 16,000 of our pharmacists will be licensed by this fall to provide flu vaccinations and immunizations. We also have nurse practitioners located about 350 in-store clinics to handle routine family illnesses at a much lower cost than an emergency room visit. These services fit very well with the major themes of healthcare reform access, affordability, and disease prevention and wellness.  In addition, we are pioneering new approaches to achieve better healthcare outcomes. In coming quarters, well pilot a chronic care management service in four markets focused initially on type two diabetes. The service will integrate capabilities across all of our platforms, including pharmacies, retail clinics, call centers, and mail service to enable patients to better control their condition.  Bottom line, Walgreens provides affordable, accessible, and quality solutions to both the change in consumer and the demands of healthcare today and will continue to improve and invest in these areas. We know we can do more.  So now Wade will update you on the financial results for the quarter. Wade. 
Wade D. Miquelon: Thank you, Greg. We feel very good about our results in a very challenging environment. In the quarter, net sales increased 8% while total comparable sales rose 2.8%. Prescription sales rose 8.2% and represent 65.6% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales in comparable stores rose a solid 3.8%.  The number of prescriptions filled in comparable stores increased 4.9%. That includes a benefit of 1.6 percentage points for more patients filling 90-day scripts versus 30-day scripts. Now, recall that we reported in May sales -- when we reported May sales ,we announced that we are now following a more typical industry convention by treating one 90-day prescription as three 30-day scripts for both comparable scripts and total scripts, and this truly reflects better prescription usage.  Despite rising unemployment, our prescription trend is stabilizing. We filled 187 million prescriptions during the quarter and our U.S. retail scripts increased 8.3% over last years third quarter. That includes an impact of 1.4 percentage points from patients filling 90-day scripts rather than 30-day scripts.  We exceeded by 5.7 percentage points the industry wide growth rate excluding Walgreens as reported by IMS.  Net earnings in the third quarter were $522 million, or a decline of 8.8% from last years quarter. However, this year included a $99 million pretax impact from costs associated with rewiring for growth, or $0.06 per share diluted. Offsetting that was about $0.06 per share diluted benefit from rewire.  In addition, the quarter included negative impacts of negative $0.01 per share diluted for the LIFO reserve versus year ago and a negative $0.02 per share diluted for interest expense above the prior year.  Gross profit in the third quarter was $4.5 million, a 5% increase versus the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was down 80 basis points in the quarter compared with prior year. Negatively impacting margins were front-end product mix, including LIFO, non-retail businesses, and CCR markdowns. Partially offsetting the overall margin decline was an increase in pharmacy margins resulting from generic drug sales.  Our focus on cost control continued in the third quarter as we recorded an increase in SG&A dollars of 8.4%, and just 7.4% if you take out the cost for rewiring for growth. On a two-year stack basis, SG&A dollar growth for the third quarter declined from 24.9% to 17.6%, primarily due to store salary and expense control. And as Greg showed you, slowing new store openings will reduce SG&A growth, as will the significant cost benefits resulting from rewiring for growth.  This chart summarizes the costs and savings for restructuring related charges through to the first three quarters of 2009, with a net cost to date of about $0.04. As we mentioned in our last call, because we accelerated some restructuring costs this year, we expect to be a few cents per share net negative.  Now, lets look at other highlights from our income statement. The LIFO provision was $32 million versus $16 million in the third quarter of 2008. We lowered our LIFO provision in the quarter from 2.25% to 2% due to lower-than-anticipated inflation, and youll recall that last years LIFO provision was roughly 1.25%.  Next are the $99 million in restructuring related costs, highlighted by $65 million in SKU discontinuation, $28 million in consulting and other costs, and about $6 million in costs associated with workforce reductions.  Net interest expense was $25 million compared with $2 million last year due to the issuance of $2.3 billion in long-term debt, and the effective tax rate was 36.4% compared with a rate of 37.3% in the year-ago period.  Now here you can see the components of working capital that we can most directly impact. Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable. Some of these as a percent to sales has improved by nearly 11% in the quarter, primarily due to inventory improvement. Total inventories were down $173 million, or 2.4% against total sales growth of 8% and a total drugstore growth of 9.7%.  Over the last four quarters, FIFO total inventory growth has ranged from plus 10% to flat in the most recent quarter. Adjusting for store growth, FIFO total inventories on a per store basis fell 9% in the most recent quarter. As you can see, we have made significant progress but of course we can always do more.  Our net cash position at the end of the quarter was $52 million, with cash and cash equivalents of $2.4 billion and long-term debt of $2.35 billion. This cash position compares favorably with a net debt of $785 million at the end of the second quarter and a net debt of over $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter.  Our financial strength and liquidity are in very good shape and our balance sheet should only strengthen as we continue to slow our store growth and prove inventory and drive cost savings over the next few years.  For the first three quarters of the fiscal year, we invested $1.5 billion on additions to property, plant and equipment versus $1.7 billion last year, mostly for the addition of new stores.  We estimate capital spending for the full year to come in at about $1.8 billion, or slightly higher, about $400 million less than fiscal year 2008.  For fiscal year 2010, slowing store growth will result in lower CapEx for new stores but we will increase our investments for systems and other improvements in existing stores. In total, we anticipate next years capital expenditure to be approximately $1.6 billion and we will be vetting the final number in the coming months.  Now let me say a little bit more about our cash flow performance. These graphs demonstrate the improvements in the cash that we have generated from store operations and inventory control. Our cash flow from operations in the quarter increased to $1.5 billion from $985 million a year ago, a 54% increase. Meanwhile, free cash flow for the quarter stood at almost $1.1 billion compared with $375 million a year ago, or nearly a three-fold increase. So I hope you can see the efforts we are making on cash flows are truly bearing fruit.  Looking forward, I am extremely optimistic about our future. We have many opportunities, such as leveraging the best retail network in America, driving CCR is only the beginning of our journey towards customer centricity and realizing the benefits of rewiring for growth.  Like any company, we have tailwinds and headwinds. Reimbursement pressure and economic uncertainty will undoubtedly provide challenges but winning companies can turn these challenges into opportunities, and we will.  For example, for healthcare payers, accessibility, cost efficiency, and better outcomes are the order of the day and we are well-positioned to step up and help. On the consumer side, growing companies with winning strategies and strong balance sheets can gain loyal customers in unprecedented ways during down economies and we intend to be one of those companies.  So Ill just close by saying we are committed to returning to double-digit earnings growth and improving ROIC as part of our overall plan to create long-term shareholder value, and I hope that I have conveyed this message to you today.  And now I will turn the call back over to Rick. 
Rick J. Hans: Cecilia, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first today to Mark Miller of William Blair.
Mark Miller - William Blair: Can you discuss what you think the impact to the P&L will be of the store remodels in 2010? So based on what youve learned so far from the up-front expense from converting the stores compared to the benefits as they accrue, do you think its reasonable to think that this will be a drag on EPS going forward?
Gregory D. Wasson: Obviously we are finalizing the modeling for it. Ill give you a rough range. The rough range, were probably talking in the order of $30,000 to $50,000 per store, doing the bulk of stores. Obviously the new stores coming out wont need to be done. Theres some inner city stores that wont need to be done, so its not overall a tremendously significant number. We are seeing lots of other benefits coming from CCR, so while there will be some cost and investment here, mostly expense, we also believe as we continue to go forward, well be getting benefit coming from rewire to help pay for that. And from CCR. 
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay, but -- so net of it all, I mean, it sounds like there might be more expense as you go into this until you get more of a -- I guess accrual and the benefits, which come a little bit later?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, yeah, I mean, obviously the benefits come -- the benefits from the store remodels come after weve remodeled but theres other benefits from CCR, such as the more efficient pricing, promotion, supply chain work that we are already starting to see and will continue to see. 
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay. My other question is the comment was made about rewired being on pace for the $1 billion in annual cost reductions by 2011. There was no comment for 2010, so can you give us some update -- is that $500 million net savings number still a reasonable range or is that somewhat fluid?
Wade D. Miquelon: Were absolutely on track. 
Mark Miller - William Blair: For the $500 million next year?
Wade D. Miquelon: For this year, next year, and the year after. 
Mark Miller - William Blair: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Well go next to Simeon Gutman of Canaccord Adams.
Simeon Gutman - Canaccord Adams: On the path to achieving double-digit earnings growth, and I dont know whether you think about it on just the one-year or two-year basis, can you talk about structurally where the expense dollar growth you think has got to go? And then related to where it was this quarter, I think on a two-year basis, 17%, does it continue on a straight path downwards or are there some spikes along the way?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think if I interpret the question, kind of try and understand where SG&A will go over time, you know obviously this quarters SG&A, I think we made very good progress when you look at the number of store openings, which is the major driver. I guess what I would say is over this quarter and last quarter, weve actually seen our established store base, our comp store base SG&A negative, so we are making tremendous progress and then over time well also overlay increased benefits that we get from the entire rewire initiative. So without giving a number, it should help you kind of factor into your model just how much of that SG&A is driven not only by store growth but also as we see the benefits fully come through, what we could potentially overlay on that. 
Gregory D. Wasson: I think we feel good about where we are as far as rewiring and restructuring costs that we talked about earlier, but I also think we are doing a very good job on just an everyday operating model, with an operating structure within the stores, store operations groups are doing a very good job controlling expenses, and I think with the slowing of stores, as Wade said, well begin to see a pretty good improvement there. 
Simeon Gutman - Canaccord Adams: And with the slowing of stores, and I guess as you get closer to the end of CCR, [and I know I might be stepping forward] -- mid-single-digit expense dollar growth, you know, a good ballpark to think about? And then let me just throw out my follow-on -- markdown risk with CCR and the magnitude of that impact to gross margin, and then whether thats likely to accelerate as stores go by or is that something that is being done in the warehouse as well?
Gregory D. Wasson: Ill take the CCR markdown and let Wade come back to the SG&A but one of the things that we are doing and one of the reasons you saw a little bit of margin compression this quarter was a lot of that is coming from early markdowns from CCR products. And what we did is we decided to move on some of those items early, to be able to sell them through at a higher margin than waiting late until we roll out the departments and then having to take more aggressive cut. So weve been actually moving through a lot of that inventory over the last two or three months and taking advantage of normal traffic to discount some of those products at a more profitable price, so I think weve moved through a lot of that inventory. Weve got some more to go through but a big chunk of that was what affected this months gross margin. 
Wade D. Miquelon: On the SG&A, you kind of referenced over time can we see kind of a mid-single-digits -- I would say thats very reasonable and perhaps [better]. 
Simeon Gutman - Canaccord Adams: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: And well go next to Mark Wiltamuth of Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley : Could you give us a little more detail on what we should be watching for in the healthcare reform in terms of generics, access for the public, margin compression that could come out of it? 
Gregory D. Wasson: Mark, I think that as I say internally a lot, is that certainly healthcare reform, theres certainly some threats and theres opportunities. I think as the administration tries to provide more coverage for the 47 million uninsured, theres certainly going to be focus on costs and so well be focused on margin pressure and reimbursement pressure. But thats something that we deal with and have dealt with over the years.  I do think the opportunities are great as well. Certainly with coverage for more than 47 million Americans, there will be more prescription volume, just like we saw with Part D. I also think that the administration, one of the key principles is prevention and wellness and an understanding and realization that prescription drugs are a big part of that, so I think we have a great opportunity to play a part, as I said earlier, with access and affordability.  This weekend, you saw [Wil-Pharma] made some concessions to help with the donut hole in Part D. I think thats a positive. That will help seniors that have had been challenged during that -- when they hit the donut hole. 
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley : Is there any pressure on retail to make any concessions?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think that probably no more than what weve experienced. Obviously I think that holding down costs, both on the medical side and prescription side, will be a focus. You know, weve had some challenges in a couple of states as is out there, and youve probably heard with Medicaid, but we think we have solutions and we think rather than rates, theres ways to improve generic compliance for states and really, really help improve the quality of the benefit they offer. 
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Next well go to Eric Bosshard of Cleveland Research. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Good morning. Two things -- first of all, on the SKU reduction, can you just quantify how far along you are in that process?
Wade D. Miquelon: Id say probably roughly, you know -- Im going to just guess the number, two-thirds. Id say we are more than halfway for sure. As Greg said, weve been very aggressive early to clean up the pipes, if you will, just because A, its obviously less expensive than waiting and B, I think its enabling us to move faster and more quickly on the ultimate [inaudible]. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: So if you had to guess how far along you are in the markdowns necessary to accomplish that -- 
Wade D. Miquelon: Two-thirds. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then the second question is as you think about cash flow going forward and you frame this roughly $1.6 billion next year, the depreciation of the business I think is running around $1 billion. With store growth going towards 2%, do we ultimately get to where you are running around $1 billion of CapEx after we get through the incremental investments that the business needs to accomplish, rewire? How do you think about how that behaves going forward?
Wade D. Miquelon: We havent given obviously that kind of out guidance but I would say thats probably kind of a bottom threshold. If you consider three-ish percent store growth, the basic maintenance infrastructure that we need and then the basic distribution [of systems], thats kind of a rough floor, I would say. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Okay, and then if I could sneak one last one in -- in terms of the reset stores, the 35, you said that they are running ahead of plan. Can you just quantify what you are seeing out of those stores in regard to -- I guess really how you are evaluating them, if its an expense, if its a gross margin, if its the sales, if its a mix -- what you are seeing out of those stores?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think, Eric, you know, obviously its too early to extrapolate and give any numbers on that. I will say that the two areas that weve really been focused on in those 35 stores is the rollout period itself and whats the disruption of sales look like. We feel good there, that we are not -- that we are doing better than we expected, and as well as obviously the lift coming out of it. We feel good there, we are beating those metrics. But I do think the four wins that we talked about earlier, the improved sales, improved margin, the reduction in payroll and inventory is what we are absolutely focused on and we believe we are going to be able to achieve. 
Wade D. Miquelon: You know, in the shopper feedback right, which ultimately the experience is coming back very positive as well. 
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And well go next to Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my questions. First, the store you show us, the transformation, was that -- did that cost $50,000 or is that more?
Wade D. Miquelon: What you will see on YouTube, thats kind of the general range. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Thirty to fifty-thousand -- so youre not -- I mean, just to understand the process, because a lot of companies have done this and they have spent a lot more, it looks like a pretty radical change in the interior dcor and what not. Is that not right?
Wade D. Miquelon: No, you know, I think the best way to look at this, Scott, this really is what we would call a refresh of the store. You know, its obviously the improved assortment, the optimization of SKUs, lowering the profile of the store and the [Gondola] height, so its not -- you know, theres a lot that happens in that shot but its really refresh.  Obviously the other thing were looking for is as we roll through this, you know, our costs may be a little higher as we go into the first 35 stores but as we become more efficient with the process and the conversion, we expect to see even more efficiencies and therefore reduced cost. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: So [if youre going to keep going on the line], so if we say $40,000, you expect us to be about a -- and you are going to run none of it through CapEx, its all going to be an expense next year, about a $300 million expense?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, a couple of things -- number one is, [Id like to say its] 90-ish percent expenses, not all expense, obviously counting -- and separately were probably not talking 7,000 stores. Were probably talking 5,000, 5,500, again because the new stores coming online are refreshed and are starting to reflect the new format, as well as there are some very unique stores we had in urban areas, small format, whatever that dont really lend itself towards this type of refresh. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: So -- okay, $200 million, $250 million, now is that net of the $500 million next year or is that -- or is it $500 million on top -- like, this is -- that expense is contemplated with the $500 million that we are supposed to get in savings?
Wade D. Miquelon: This is separate. The $500 million, you know, again is reflective of the rewire, so the SG&A reductions. The CCR program is separate with excluding the SKU reduction, which is also driving down labor, so youll see this as a separate bucket of costs but well also have of course benefit associated with the CCR that we hope to outrun this by. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay, so you dont expect a -- you expect the $500 million, we shouldnt have $200 million extra expenses here next year, just to clarify?
Wade D. Miquelon: The net $500 million is basically the net of the one-time costs associated with rewire and the SG&A benefits of rewire, right? 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Right. 
Wade D. Miquelon: Its effectively a separate program from this. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay, so if I was going to do like a little [key] account though, Ive got $500 million there, Ive got $200 million offsetting it potentially, and then going to -- because you saw the mix, you guys cited mix as an issue with gross margin, that probably doesnt go away so how are we thinking about gross margins as we go into fiscal year 2010? I know Wade you had said before we didnt think going to the -- going more consumables would hurt gross margins at all but it seems to have this quarter and it was only in -- it wasnt in that many stores. So how are we thinking of gross margins next year?
Wade D. Miquelon: I think we had a little compression this quarter, obviously the but big factor here was really markdowns and LIFO. I think as most retailers saw, May was a bit more challenging month than we had the few prior months, so we are seeing a bit of a -- kind of call it a bit of a lagging market out there right now but I think we feel pretty good that we are taking lots of steps over time here, that despite perhaps changing mix, were going to continue to drive the private label. They can be more efficient in terms of how we price and promote and I think that weve got offsetting things that are going to help to stabilize and increase the gross margin over time. 
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, I think we have to keep in mind too that obviously the benefits of CCR should help cover a lot of these costs as we roll it out and also, you know, one of the things that I think we are excited about, obviously private brands picking up quite a bit for us, as we talked about, but also with the work that [Ken Fyles] done on our customer segmentation, I think we can become much more effective and efficient with our promotional strategy and drive more effective volume but at the same time, protect margins. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: One final one, thanks, and then Ill give it up here -- are you guys using third-party liquidators? And then Wade, if you can go over that LIFO thing again, because I think you said your LIFO rate was down but the money, the charge was up? I didnt actually fully understand that, so those two things -- third-party liquidators and LIFO, and Im done. 
Wade D. Miquelon: Were not using third-party liquidation at this point. Were really just trying to make sure that we market at an appropriate price and move it out on our own, so there might be some later but right at this point, were not.  In terms of LIFO, it was down -- it was basically down for the -- the rate for the year was 225 but we dropped it to 2 in this quarter, but versus year-ago, its up, so my number being up again was referencing 2% for the year versus 1.25 a year ago, but the being down was referencing the rate going into the quarter was 225 and we dropped it to 2. 
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Thanks. Thanks very much. 
Operator: And well go next to Meredith Adler of Barclays Capital.
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Thanks. I would just like to start with trying to figure out where the $0.06 of cost-savings showed up in the numbers, because you talked about an SG&A rate of 7.4%, or 7.3% but is that -- where are the cost-savings?
Wade D. Miquelon: You are getting cost-savings at several levels. You are getting it in the indirect spend bucket. You are getting it in headquarter, SG&A, you are getting in the field [inaudible], and you are getting it in the stores. You know, what you have to remember again is that our new store openings, right, on an established store basis, we were negative. Our new store openings were significant for the quarter versus year-ago. Youll see that number start dropping starting next quarter but again, if you were to take out the new store opening relating costs, you would have seen that we were in general probably slightly negative. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Actually my question though was how are you recording the savings -- does it go into the SG&A line?
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, its folded into whatever item its in. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Then I dont really understand why you gave us the actual number and the adjusted number if the adjusted number includes $0.06 of one-time costs and $0.06 of one-time savings -- doesnt that mean the reported number is the growth rate for SG&A dollars?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I think what we are trying to do by showing the savings and the benefit is we are basically -- remember, recall we said at the beginning of rewire we would each quarter report what were the restructuring and one-time costs, things like reduction in forces, and we would also likewise report that the benefit we are starting to see, so you can track to that $300 million to $400 million over time and also track to the net flush 500 and $1 billion savings. So thats the only reason we are giving that. Obviously were a company thats still driving GAAP but we want you to have the perspective of how we are tracking along that and we are folding all those expenses and all those costs into the lines that they belong in.  So we will cycle -- I mean, think of it this way -- the benefits that we are starting to see are going to keep recurring but we are going to cycle these one-time costs. So if you want to know whats more of a sustainable level, you could effectively take the costs out and see the trajectory that we are on. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Okay, thats good. Thats helpful. Now a question about inventory -- how -- at what point do you think you have gotten to the inventory that you want to? You are two-thirds of the way down in the SKU rationalization. Is there any other inventory activity that will go on, either the distribution centers or related to CCR? Or when you get done with this category rationalization, youll be done with reducing inventory?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think as Wade said, weve still got some opportunity to go through with CCR markdowns but we are also focused on older inventory that we have in the system. We are also focused on better seasonal buying but the big thing, and the thing I am really excited about, is our supply chain initiatives and as you know, or may not know, I moved supply chain under Rainy Lewis from -- so hes managing inventories from the vendor to the customer, all the way through and I think we are going to begin to see incredible opportunity there that I am really excited about. We moved our forecasting folks under Randy and so forth, so I think we will see a lot of opportunity going forward in the supply chain initiative improvement. 
Wade D. Miquelon: Just to be totally clear, these costs that we are incurring now associated with rewire are really only those SKUs that are being discontinued permanently but theres -- you know, as Greg alluded to, theres lots of opportunity for us to keep improving overall inventory as a separate, ongoing structural initiative. 
Gregory D. Wasson: Were working with our vendor partners in ways that we havent in the past to provide a more seamless exchange from them to us. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Thats great. And when you look at the categories that you have already rationalized, did you get a complete transfer of sales to other items in the category or was there any net loss of sales in those categories?
Gregory D. Wasson: For the most part, we are seeing a transfer and a pick-up in sales. You know, we do have about 30-some of the first 40 categories rolled out. Were beginning to see some nice lift in several of those categories, so I think its designed -- its doing exactly what we had hoped to do, which is a better customer experience and increased lift. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Okay, and I just have one final question -- when you think about all the opportunities, have you made any assumptions that the customer will be a little bit disquieted by the changes happening at the stores and that there could be an impact on sales? Or is the assumption in the early reads in the 35 stores that this is just a net positive?
Gregory D. Wasson: Certainly we are surveying and getting feedback from consumers as well as the movement within the stores and Meredith, so far its been -- weve got good feedback. I think one of the things that weve heard over the years is that we needed to lower the profile in our stores and I think this accomplishes that and I think that has absolutely been received well. And I think we arent changing the stores so drastically that shoppers are confused as far as where items are and so forth. So so far, we have -- we are positive with what we are seeing. 
Wade D. Miquelon: As Greg said, even though its too early to call it a victory, certainly when we initially modeled this, we expected to see some substantial early dip just as shoppers get reoriented in the store and that comes back and increase over time but in fact, really not seeing much of that and we are seeing a very quick trajectory to increase sales. So apart from the anecdotals and the consumer and the survey data all being positive, were exceeding the plan significantly both on the [dips] and on the ongoing, and so thats a very good sign. 
Gregory D. Wasson: And thats why we built in a couple months pause here to go back and learn and understand before we roll out the next wave of stores. 
Meredith Adler - Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: And well go next to Lisa Gill of JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan : Thanks very much and good morning. I just had a couple of questions on the prescription side of your business. Greg, I think you made a comment that you were seeing better prescription volume than IMS. Could you maybe talk about where you think thats coming from? Are you taking market share from others? And then secondly, when you made the comments around generics being better, is there a particular drug or do you think as the seniors are starting to fall into the donut hole, thats what some of the driver is? And then thirdly, which would be around reimbursement, I know there continues to be pressure on the Medicaid side but are you feeling any pressure in the commercial market?
Gregory D. Wasson: Maybe Ill start with the macro level a little bit -- I think that was your second question, Lisa. You know, I think as an industry, certainly we are rounding some softer comps from last year, so I think we are seeing a little bit of that but I also think we are seeing what we call Medicare Part D maturity where as more and more folks are becoming eligible for Part D, we are seeing more utilization from seniors. I also think that we are seeing, as I said, benefit design -- more benefit designs that make generic drugs more affordable and therefore more people are staying compliant and using the prescription meds.  As far as ourselves, you know, I think we are seeing two or three things. Again, were rounding those softer comps as well so thats some of it but we are also -- were also benefiting from the Medicare Part D effect and we are gaining share in the senior market. I think we are also seeing a benefit from some of the weaker competition in the marketplace. You know, obviously theres several struggling. And I also think our PSE card is attracting new patients and we are pretty pleased with it.  As far as pressure on margins, as I said, I think well continue to see, as we have in the past and have to manage that, I think what we need to do and will be doing is to help work with states and plans for ways to save costs thats just not rate-related. I think theres opportunity to still increase generic utilization. There are states out there that are not driving generic utilization to the rate that they can and theres huge savings there as we work with them.  So I think its really more spending time with plans with states to help them understand how they can deliver great savings through other means. 
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan : And any thoughts around wanting to be bigger in your PBM to help to try to drive some of those costs down through the programs that the PBM could offer?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think that as youve heard us say, we want to be a greater and greater provider of services and provide greater value to all plans out there, all payers. I think that we are seeing a strong interest in the employer solutions model that we are -- that we have talked about, where large employers are looking for solutions to land health and wellness and pharmacies on their locations. I think that we are also seeing an opportunity for us to potentially be the back of the house, so to speak, for some of the plans that are out there. As you know, one of the large managed care organizations recently divested their PBM. I think theres folks out there that are looking at doing different things and I think everything from maybe outsourcing to provider services to potentially the entire PBM and I think we could -- we are going to be looking to see if theres opportunities there for us. 
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan : So are you interested if one of the managed care companies look to do something like that, is that something -- 
Gregory D. Wasson: We want to be a provider and so what we are really interested in is being able to provide mail service, retail prescriptions, and specialty services to payers across the country. Thats what Im really interested in, Lisa. 
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And well go next to Debra Weinswig of Citi.
Debra Weinswig - Citigroup: Good morning. Greg, could you go through some of the details in terms of what you are doing to be proactive in terms of shaping healthcare reform in Washington? And then also with regard to CCR, could you maybe share with us some of the qualitative feedback from your customers?
Gregory D. Wasson: Deborah, Ive spent a lot of time obviously in D.C. over the last several weeks and what I -- when I go out, what I intend to do is really three things; one, I want to get a better understanding of what the latest thinking is in some of the plans that are being made, and as you know its changing daily sometime. But secondly, I want to position ourselves as an employer as well and be able to talk about the fact that I want to continue to provide benefit, medical benefit to my employees because I think thats where real innovation happens, is in the private sector. And then I also talk a lot about what I believe we can do to help as a provider, and certainly I think that is along the lines of prescription drugs, I think that we have community pharmacists that can be utilized in greater ways and theres a lot of interest in how community pharmacists can be used going forward. And I talk a lot about our retail clinics, as you might expect, and theres a lot of interest in that model being able to provide access and lower cost acute care.  And Im encouraged, Deborah, by the opportunity that we can play and theres a lot of interest from the administration along those lines. 
Debra Weinswig - Citigroup: And then the -- 
Gregory D. Wasson: As far as CCR and qualitative, I think again our customer feedback has been good. Certainly we are early on and weve got to do a lot more of that but again, I think based on the early metrics that we are seeing, were pleased with the lift that we are seeing so far, were pleased with the feedback were getting. Obviously we are going to be doing a deep dive over the next couple of months and understand that better but so far, we feel pretty good. 
Debra Weinswig - Citigroup: And then on the CCR stores, has it been traffic or ticket or both thats been giving you the lift?
Gregory D. Wasson: Its been both. 
Debra Weinswig - Citigroup: Great. Well, congratulations and best of luck. 
Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you. 
Operator: And our final question today comes from John Heinbockel of Goldman Sachs.
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Greg, as you evolve CCR, the remodel here, do you think it will get tweaked or whats out there today is pretty much what you think you will go with as you go through the significant rollout?
Gregory D. Wasson: Good question. You know, I dont -- other than -- unless we hear and get some feedback in the next couple of months before we start the next wave, I dont think youll see a lot of drastic change of any type. This is -- again, Id look at this as CCR is an opportunity to refresh our stores across our network and then I think obviously well begin to look at new concepts and new formats and different ways to improve upon that. You know, Ive been pretty public. I think theres an opportunity for us in select stores to create a new and unique beauty experience. I think theres opportunities to do some improvements upon that CCR refresh as we go forward but CCR in itself I dont see a dramatic change in the plan that we have today. 
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, and Ill just say where the tweaking might occur is really as we go category by category by category, every single category, are we seeing the lift we thought, whatever. There might be a few categories that need some adjustment but in aggregate in terms of the overall layout, shelf life, planogramming, et cetera, we feel were 90%-plus right on course. 
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Was the store of the future model too radical a departure? And in particular, I would have thought the Caf W would have a lot of promise. Does that just not have a good return profile as you go forward?
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, I think the store of the future, John, was a good test for us and we -- theres some good learnings there and I think there are parts of that store of the future that we may be able to pull forward as we go forward. As you noted, the cosmetic department, theres some good learnings there from that. But I think its far too soon to say that that is the new -- the store of the future for us.  And your second point was, John?
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Caf W -- it looked like that would have promise to do more soda fountain, coffee program, but is the return there? Is that the issue?
Gregory D. Wasson: I think with Caf W, its really -- its based on the store. You know, were doing well with it in select stores and I think theres an opportunity for us to have it in our future and again I think it will be based on store location and demographics. 
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Do you think that prototype store will lift pharmacy sales as well as the front-end, or its mostly front-end driven?
Gregory D. Wasson: Youre talking about the store of the future or the -- 
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: No, the 35 pilot stores. 
Gregory D. Wasson: You know, I think it will be both. Certainly if we attract new patients, new customers, well see lift. 
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then finally, whats the prognosis -- I know you mentioned state Medicaid a bit earlier. Washington went well for you, sort of well for you, compared to where it was. Are we going to have this -- sort of that -- is this going to be a recurrence where the states put out these very aggressive reimbursement targets and through litigation or whatever, we get dialed back to something more reasonable? Or are we going to sit at a reasonable level at the beginning?
Gregory D. Wasson: John, thats certainly hard to predict. I do think that we cannot fill prescriptions below our cost and wed much rather be filling prescriptions for Medicaid patients across the country and I think we will have to approach and take state by state based on how they go forward.  I do think that theres huge opportunity, like there was in the state of Washington and like we are doing with the state of Delaware for us to help states save cost in other ways. Generic utilization, as I said, and I think well be proactive, much more proactive going forward with states to help them design better benefits that help one, provide a better overall healthcare for their beneficiaries as well as reduce cost. 
John Heinbockel - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. 
Rick J. Hans: Hey, Cecilia?
Operator: Yes, sir?
Rick J. Hans: Were not tired yet. Well take another question. 
Operator: Okay, no problem. Well go next to Edward Kelly of Credit Suisse.
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Thanks for taking another question. You know, I look at your gross margin this quarter and from a headline perspective, it doesnt look very good because of the costs for rationalizing SKUs. But underneath that, the trend of it is actually better than what it was last quarter. I mean, its down about 23 basis points on a [inaudible] basis. It was 38 [ex the noise] last quarter. So as we think about the gross margin going into next year, clearly you start running up against some easier comparisons. Whats the probably that we are able to at least get this line kind of flattish as we look to next year?
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I think everything you said is pretty astute. I mean, obviously were focused on improving this over time. I would just say I think right now, you are seeing a bit of a transition phase. Weve got a lot of things going on. Were kind of, I call it changing the tires while the car is moving but still, weve got traffic, even in this kind of tough economic year weve got traffic increasing, which is very good. Again, were making lots of changes to clear out the old stock, to refurbish stores. So I think obviously our goal is to increase this over time. We will be cycling an easier base period and I think thats important to note as well.  I dont want to predict exactly what it will be but certainly we are working on improving this over time and I think right now were just in a bit of a -- of kind of a transition and mostly I feel very good that we are still again swinging the doors and driving sales in a pretty tough economic environment as well. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Great. And then Wade, on the inventory side, I know that youve publicly said that youve got a $500 million goal in terms of reducing inventory. It sounds to me like the body language is that maybe the potential is more -- is that fair? 
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we had originally said 500 associated with the SKU assortment work. You know, kind of call it the CCR rewire combined, but I think as Greg alluded to, thats really just one phase of what we are doing. Its really I think the supply chain initiatives changing how we work, you know, the broader systemic things that will provide additional benefit. We just havent put a number out there yet. 
Gregory D. Wasson: Ed, I will say Ive never seen Randy Lewis so excited. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: And then a question for you -- Ive heard that you are thinking about adding liquor to the stores. Where do you stand right now in terms of assessing whether you are going to do that? How many stores do you sell it in today? How big could it be?
Gregory D. Wasson: We are looking at beer and wine, Ed, versus spirits. You know, we do have several markets now, the Southeast and the Southwest, where we still have full liquor. Were looking at beer and wine. We think theres an opportunity obviously to add that to our convenience goods. I dont know really the total number of stores yet. Were kind of in the early stages of it. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: And the stores where you do sell beer and wine, what percentage of the front-end sales does it typically account for?
Gregory D. Wasson: Its single -- small single digits. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Small single digits?
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then Greg, last question for you, I was just kind of hoping that maybe you could go back to that question on the PBN business and maybe just help us understand strategically how you are thinking about that business longer term. Do you need it to collect -- to connect the dots between specialty, the stores, the clinics? It sounds like you want to grow that business -- is that right? And it sounds like whether its via acquisition or organically, you may consider that? And that to me seems like a bit of a change in rhetoric. 
Gregory D. Wasson: No, Ed, Im glad you came back to that. No, I dont have a change in philosophy there at all. We want to be a convenient provider of all pharmacy and health wellness services to all payers and I think theres an opportunity to work even closer with the payer community, whether its PBNs and/or managed care. And as we link our provider services together, I think thats where the real value is and I talk about that we are growing, were building our specialty platform. Now weve got the number on infusion platform across the country. Were growing our clinics, as you know. Were growing our employer on-sights across the country. As we link those provider services, theres where I think we can provide huge value to a payer and I dont believe we necessarily need to have a PBN to be able to do that. Id much rather would want to work with all payers to be able to bring those services to them versus link up with one or two in particular. 
Wade D. Miquelon: And one thing we like to say is, as you know, we had a PBN and whatever you call it, its the capabilities that underly it that we have and we continue to want to be very good at. So itll be formularies, [inaudible] to claim support -- you know, its really the capabilities that we are trying to drive versus the spread game or something else. Thats where we are really focused. 
Gregory D. Wasson: And Ed, were a major specialty provider for several managed care organizations across the country today. We provide mail service for several organizations across the country. You dont necessarily need to have that PBN to be able to do that and I think, as I said, the value that we think we can provide to help control medical costs is to integrate and link our provider services so we really provide value. 
Edward Kelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Rick J. Hans: Folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Remember well announce June sales on July 2nd. Also, because Yom Kippur falls on Monday, September 28th, were accommodating those who are observing the holiday by moving our next quarterly financial announcement to Tuesday, September 29th. Thats when well announced fiscal 2009 fourth quarter and year-end results. Until then, thank you for listening. 
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference, ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate everyones participation today.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-03-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans  Divisional VP of IR and Finance Greg Wasson  President and CEO Wade Miquelon  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Robert Willoughby  Banc of America John Ransom  Raymond James Neil Currie  UBS Deborah Weinswig  Citi John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Lisa Gill  JP Morgan
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Walgreen Company Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead sir.
Rick Hans: Thank you Angel, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our Second Quarter Conference Call. Today Greg Wasson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will discuss the quarters highlights and how we are reinforcing our key strategies through changes in our corporate structure; Wade Miquelon, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail the second quarter financial results before we begin taking your calls. John Spina, our Vice President and Treasurer, also is joining us on the call today. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Todays call is being simulcast on our Investor Relations website located at investor.walgreens.com. After this call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward looking statements. Now I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Wasson: Thank you Rick, and thank you everyone for listening to our call. We appreciate your continued interest in Walgreens. It is my first call as CEO, which makes it very exciting for me personally, but it is also an exciting time for Walgreens. First, we are moving fast to execute our growth strategy and strengthen our position as America's most convenient provider of consumer goods and services, as well a pharmacy and health and wellness services. Second, in an economy more challenging than most of us have experienced in our professional lives, Walgreens is well positioned to win. We are responding to the new consumer landscape with new merchandising experts focused on value. And third, we are aggressively reducing costs across the company, and have maintained a healthy balance sheet, which gives us significant flexibility at a time when cash is king. Now let's review the quarter's financial highlights. Net sales for the quarter were a record $16.5 billion, up 7%. Comparable store sales, adjusted for calendar shifts and last year's leap day, rose 2.1% in the quarter, while front-end comparable sales decreased 0.2% on an adjusted basis. We are continuing to see evidence of customers changing their buying habits. Front-end comps or discretionary items were down in the second quarter, but that was offset by positive comps for nondiscretionary and other items. Another good sign is that we are holding our own in terms of attracting customers into our stores. Adjusted for last year's leap day, comparable store traffic was virtually flat in the quarter when compared with a year ago. That means we're keeping our doors swinging at a good pace even while the retail industry as a whole is seeing more doors permanently close. Net earnings were $640 million or $0.65 per share diluted compared with $686 million or $0.69 per share diluted a year ago. Remember that last year's earnings benefited from an extra day due to leap year. Earnings per share this quarter were reduced by a net $0.04 after costs and benefits for our Rewiring for Growth initiative, which I will talk about more later. As we noticed in recent quarters, consumer behavior has changed dramatically in recent months beyond just the kind of products they are purchasing. Job losses and other financial pressures have led to fewer doctor visits, which means fewer prescriptions made, written and filled. Despite that fact, we have filled 164 million prescriptions during the quarter, an increase of 4% over last year's second quarter. That compares favorably to the industry-wide decline of 1% has reported by IMS, excluding Walgreens. The first half of fiscal 2009 saw us open or acquire 269 drugstores. Even though that is 13 fewer openings than a year ago, the significant impact from our slowdown in new store openings will hit later in fiscals 2010 and 2011. We also opened 117 Take Care clinics in the first half of the year, including 41 in the second quarter. During my first 60 days as CEO, one of my key priorities has been to manage  has been to build our management team and its structure in a way that fully supports our three key strategies. Again those strategies are one, to leverage the best community store network in America, two, to enhance the customer experience inside our stores and three, to significantly reduce our costs and boost our productivity. Now let me recap the moves we made to our senior management team in the second quarter to put the right people in charge of the right processes. First Randy Lewis, who is in charge of Logistics and Distribution, is now our Senior Vice President for Supply Chain Management, a pipeline with tremendous opportunity for inventory and cost reduction. Now George Riedl is now leading the ongoing rollout of our new POWER pharmacy program, which I will talk about more a little later. George will also continue to manage pharmaceutical purchasing. Bryan Pugh is now leading our merchandising divisions for all front-end categories in addition to developing new store formats. Finally, Tom Connolly takes over our facility division. Tom is replacing Bill Shiel, who retired after 38 years with us. Bill had the hard work of turning our division of 7000 community stores into reality, and we certainly thank him for that. In addition to securing the best store sites in America, Tom will take more of a portfolio management approach towards our growing organic store growth rate. Historically that growth rate was in the 8% range and even reached 9% in fiscal 2008. Now that we're stepping down that rate to between 2.5% and 3% by 2011, it is absolutely the right thing to do for three reasons. First, it provides flexibility to invest in our core strategies and improve shareholder value. Second, we will have more time to development management and focus on the shopper experience. And third, a prudent step in the context of today's economic conditions. We are seeing consolidation continue in the industry and our financial flexibility allows us to take advantage of these opportunities when they make sense. Last week, we agreed to acquire prescription files from 11 Drug Fair pharmacies in New Jersey, along with 32 other Drug Fair locations we would purchase and operate. Also in February, we agreed to acquire 12 Rite Aid locations in San Francisco and eastern Idaho. The next piece of our strategy I want to update you on is financing our customer experience. One of the ways we are tackling this is through our customer centric retailing project. CCR is about streamlining assortments and reworking promotions. It is not simply about SKU reductions, but about prioritizing categories and items within categories. As an example, we plan to get more space and add items to categories like skincare and cosmetics. These are signature categories that build brand and create loyal customers. We are rolling out 40 categories with optimized assortments to all of our stores by this fall. These categories account for more than half of our front-end sales. We will do the rollout at the same time we normally do resets in order to avoid disruptions during peak sales periods. New formats driven by CCR will be piloted in 35 stores by summer. These stores will represent various markets and demographics that we get a good read on results. Besides the new assortment of basic departments, these stores will include a lower store profile and new layouts designed around customer solutions. After analyzing this initial effort and confirming its success, we plan to fully convert several hundred stores to CCR before Halloween. Then, after holding for the holiday sales period, and making any needed adjustments, we plan to roll out CCR formats at the beginning of calendar 2010. Over the next 18 months, our goal is to touch every store in the chain. That is what I mean when I say we are going to juice our stores. Obviously, this will cost some money and we will pay for it by refocusing some dollars, previously earmarked for new stores to taking care of the older ones. One part of CCR that has moved forward very quickly is our Affordable Essentials program, launched chain-wide in February. This program includes basic staples such as food, paper products, toiletries and other consumables marketed together to move customers up to Walgreens from traditional value retailers. And the third piece of our strategy I want to highlight is cost reductions and productivity gains. Over the past four quarters, we have made dramatic improvement with selling, general and administrative costs, which has allowed us to better leverage gross profit dollars. That continued this quarter. SG&A costs increased only 8.1% in the second water over the year ago period. The increase was only 5.7% when factoring out our net restructuring costs. Meanwhile the gross profit dollars increased 5.1% on an adjusted basis. We expect this moment to continue as our corporate restructuring program called Rewiring for Growth moves forward. We took our first steps under this plan in January, when about 400 corporate and field management employees took advantage of our voluntary separation program. Many of them spent 25 years or more with Walgreens, and are the ones who built the systems and executed the strategies that took this company to new levels of success. And we are certainly in their debt for all they accomplished, and now it is our job to build upon those accomplishments. Earlier this month, nearly 200 additional jobs where eliminated from corporate and field management staff. These moves along with our voluntary separation program and other labor savings are streamlining our corporate structure. They also put us on target towards our goals of eliminating 1000 corporate and field positions by the end of August, which will contribute to $1 billion in annual cost savings in fiscal 2011. One of the many structural changes we are making, one that really excites me is the decision to move our 29 store operations market Vice-Presidents out of the corporate office. Today they reside in the market for which they are responsible to support all of our businesses in that area and to drive growth and profitability. This level of leadership on the ground and living in the market will move us from operating stores in communities to serving communities across America. We also expect to achieve cost savings, productivity gains, and improved pharmacy patient experience through the rollout of POWER pharmacy. POWER moves the administrative tasks involved in filling prescriptions to the central facilities, enables our store pharmacists to spend more time as the trusted clinician with our patients. It also means our pharmacists can provide additional healthcare services, such as wellness management and immunizations, and it makes us more competitive by improving the efficiency of our filling process. POWER also ties in closely with our slowing of organic store growth. With POWERs added capacity, we won't have to open new stores as quickly to relieve high pharmacy volumes at existing stores. POWER has already been implemented in nearly 400 of our approximately 780 Florida stores, with 19% of prescriptions being filled at our central facility. In addition, more than 30 Arizona stores are using key components of POWER. George Riedl will manage the rollout for the remainder of our Florida stores by the end of August. Converting pharmacies to this system is as much about change management as it is about technology. And George, who is a pharmacist and lead the launch of our original online pharmacy in the late 90s, is the best person to help our pharmacists adapt to the changes that will transform how a community pharmacy is practiced. Now, I would like to update you on our health and wellness division and what our folks there are doing to expand health services through our community store network. In January, we connected our prescription drug offering, retail clinics, and worksite health and wellness centers under one umbrella called complete care and well-being. This program provides large employers with affordable, accessible, and high-quality care for their employees, dependents and retirees no matter where they work or live. On the retail clinic front, we opened 41 Take Care clinics during the quarter, and openings will continue this year. Beyond just increasing the number of clinics, we are also working to expand our service offerings to patients. Some that we recently introduced or plan to in the future include health evaluations, an expanded vaccine suite, skin assessments and procedures, and disease management services for hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease that will be integrated with the medical community. In addition, in two Florida markets we are piloting our Take Care clinics as administration sites for the injection and infusion of specialty drugs. These programs are preview of how we can integrate businesses like homecare and specialty pharmacy with worksite health centers, in-store clinics in our retail pharmacies. These services and others also will help reduce the seasonality inherent in the clinic business. In addition to building strong relationship with employers, we're going direct to consumers with our Prescription Savings Club. On the club, the 1.7 million members, more than 30% of them are new to Walgreens. Plus, PSC members like the convenience of picking up a 90-day supply at the local pharmacy. As a result, they are bringing us their entire pharmacy business and increasing their compliance with their medication. Now before turning the call over to Wade, I would like to comment briefly on the economy and health care reform. The new economy and its effect on consumers is dramatically changing the retail landscape. Many people have commented about once-in-a-generation shift in consumer attitude. We are adjusting immediately to this new consumer through programs like Affordable Essentials and stronger promotion of our private brands. I would like to point out that we are being extremely prudent in our capital allocation and protecting our balance sheet. We believe our cash position and credit ratings are reassuring to investors during these turbulent times. And finally President Obama's plans for health care reform would certainly impact the retail pharmacy industry. His plans call for affordable and accessible health care, and he understands that medication can lower overall health costs. We are well positioned to respond with our convenient pharmacy and health and wellness services. And that is one of the reasons I'm so optimistic about our future, even while we navigate some extremely difficult retail waters and align our company with the new realities. We also have the advantages of, one, selling basic necessities that people need, two, convenient locations in communities where people live and work, and a winning strategy and good progress on key initiatives to move us forward. And finally a top management team that blends internal expertise, outside talent and new thinking. So now Wade will update you on the specific financial results for the quarter. Wade?
Wade Miquelon: Thank you Greg. I would like to reiterate Greg's confidence in our three key strategies and their ability to create shareholder value over the long term. Turning to the quarter, net sales increased 7%, while total comparable sales rose 1.3%. Total comp sales were negatively impacted by 0.8 percentage points with the calendar shift in last years leap day. This places us in good shape compared with other retailers, and we believe a (inaudible) given the amount of transformation that we are currently undertaking. Prescription sales rose 7.8% and represent 63% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales in comparable stores rose a solid 2.9%, and were negatively impacted by 0.7 percentage points by calendar shifts in last year's leap day. The number of prescriptions filled in comparable stores increased 0.3%. That was negatively impacted by 1.6 percentage points by more patients filling 90-day scripts versus 30-day scripts. Also calendar shifts in last year's leap day negatively impacted comparable scripts by 0.7 percentage points. Net earnings for the second quarter were $640 million, a 6.7% decline from last year. This year's quarter included a $93 million impact or $0.06 per share from costs associated with Rewiring for Growth. We are now starting to see some Rewire benefits as well and this quarter had approximately $0.02 per share benefit from Rewire, giving as net costs from the program of approximately $0.04 per share. In addition, the quarter included impacts of a negative $0.01 per share for the LIFO reserve versus a year ago, a negative 1% per share for interest expense above the prior year. Net these items had a total year-on-year quarterly cost of $0.08 per share or $0.06 per share after factoring in the Rewire benefits. Looking at our service performance in recent quarters, you will know the numbers have essentially stabilized in a very tough retail environment. With the progress we are making on programs such as CCR, and the Affordable Essentials roll-out, I believe we are poised to grow sales in the front-end despite the challenging economy. Gross profit in the second quarter was $4.7 billion or a 4.8% increase versus the year ago quarter, reflecting the slowing economy. Gross margin was down 60 basis points in the quarter compared with the prior year. Negatively impacting margins were lower front-end margins due to promotional pricing and product mix, non-retail businesses, and a higher LIFO provision. Helping the overall margins was an increase in pharmacy margins as a result of the impact of generic drug sales. Before addressing SG&A expenses and the impact of a slowdown in store openings, I would like to revisit a couple of slides that we first introduced in the first quarter of 2008, and we're updating today. This slide shows the front-end performance by store class for each of the past seven years. You will see that despite a weak retail environment, our newest class of stores is performing close to the long-term average. Simply put, our store front-ends are as productive as always. On the pharmacy side, our newest class of stores is a little below average, which can be attributed to several factors. First, we are opening more stores recently in markets that tend to build script counts at a slower initial rate. Second, we are operating fewer 24-hour pharmacies as a percentage of overall pharmacies. Third, the economy is affecting the number of scripts patients are filling, and finally we are seeing a market impact from 30-day scripts converting to 90-days. Still our new store ramp up curve fairly robust, and although scripts have slowed slightly in the 2007 class, we expect them to return to their historical growth rate as the economy improves, and as initiatives such as Power and Prescription Savings Club continue to separate our pharmacies from the pack. Cost control has been a central focus for the past 18 months. And our significant progress in cutting SG&A growth continued this quarter. Our increase in SG&A dollars in the second quarter was only 8.1%, and just 5.7% if you take out the costs for Rewiring for Growth. On a two-year stacked basis, SG&A dollar growth in the second quarter has declined from 25.5% to 16.9%, primarily due to salary and store expense control. Going forward, slowing new store openings, opening fewer retail clinics, and realizing significant costs from Rewiring for Growth will all reduce growth in future SG&A. Let me show you where we are in the cost reduction progress. Three primary areas of opportunity include strategic sourcing of indirect spend, corporate field and store overhead, and POWER. This chart shows the schedule of cost in benefits associated with Rewire on an EPS basis. We recorded $93 million in restructuring costs in the second quarter. That included $59 million for voluntary and involuntary employee separations, $11 million for inventory write-downs associated with CCR, and $23 million for consulting and other costs. Overall, we're still on track for $300 million to $400 million in costs through fiscal 2010. Now originally, we had thought the 2009 costs and benefits would offset each other in this fiscal year. Now we expect a few cents per share net negative impact as we have accelerated some of our Rewire cost efforts. But again, we are on track with respect to our total cost as well as on track to record more than $500 million in net benefits in fiscal 2010. We are also on target to achieve our long-term objective of $1 billion in annual cost reductions by fiscal 2011. Now, let us look at some of our other financial drivers in the quarter. The LIFO provision was $49 million versus $31 million in the second quarter of 2008, primarily reflecting higher than anticipated price increases for non-prescription drugs and other front-end merchandise. Next are the $93 million in restructuring costs that I have summarized previously. Net interest expense was $20 million compared with $2 million last year due to the issuance of $2.3 billion in long-term debt. The effective tax rate was 36.7% compared with a rate of 36.8% in the year ago period. Accounts receivable were up 21.2% in the quarter, driven partly by growth in third-party retail prescription sales, and the impact of the quarter ending on a Saturday. Thanks to excellent supply chain management by everyone, inventories grew only 3.5% despite a sales gain of 7%. Accounts payable increased 17.9%, again due primarily to a normal business growth and the quarter ending on a Saturday. As part of our focus on liquidity, we held a successful bond offering in the quarter of $1 billion in 5.25% 10-year treasury bonds. That was a spread of 2.875% to benchmark treasury notes, an exceptional result in these times by any standard. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was $785 million compared with $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter, and that reflects long term debt of $2.3 billion offset by cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion. Next, we finished the quarter with more than $2.8 billion in cash and credit lines available, more than sufficient to operate in the toughest retail environments and to drive our winning strategies. Hence, we feel great about our financial strength and liquidity and our balance sheet should only strengthen as we slow store growth, improve inventory, drive cost savings, and work our way back to target double-digit earnings growth over the next few years. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $242 million, up 19.3% over a year ago. The big driver was amortization for prescription file buys, which continued to be robust. For the first half of the fiscal year, we invested $1.1 billion in additions to property, plant and equipment versus $1.0 billion last year, and mostly for the addition of 245 new stores versus 275 last year. We continue to estimate that capital spending for the full year will come in at around $1.8 billion or about $400 million less than fiscal 2008. Free cash flow amounted to $647 million for the first half of the fiscal year, up 40% from year ago. Disciplined operations, inventory control and a slight slowdown in store openings were the driving factors here. And many of you have asked about forecasting capital expenditures in future years, and in particular cost per store remodels and refreshes. Much of that will be expense dollars included in our Rewiring for Growth costs that we have outlined. If there are remodels that require capital expenditures, we will outline those for you in the future. As a general rule, we would expect our capital investment to continue to decline over time, but we're just not prepared yet to put a dollar amount on that. So, wrapping things up, I believe we're off to a great start with our three key strategies, and they will take us to an entirely new level over time. The strategies are in motion and we're starting to see the fruits of that labor. And we remain committed to return to double-digit earnings growth as part of our overall shareholder plan to create long-term value for our shareholders. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Rick.
Rick Hans: Thank you Wade. Angel that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we will take our first caller Mr. Andrew Wolf of BB&T Capital.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: Ask you a few questions on the sales. You know on  I guess Greg, do you see a permanent shift towards staples from discretionary in Walgreen stores, you know, requiring fairly fundamental change in either in your mix, your merchandising, your pricing, and you know is just signaled by your hiring, you know, a new merchandiser from outside, not just outside Walgreens but from the discount store industry.
Greg Wasson: I don't see, you know, a permanent shift, Andy. I do think that the right balance between making sure we have good value items such as the Affordable Essentials that are stacked up in stores with prominence in our ads and our stores to swing doors is critical. You know, obviously the right balance to make sure we offset, you know, any margin pressure that wed see from value pricing is got to be adjusted in the mix, and how we promote, and I think one of the things you will see us do is really aggressively promote our private brand to help offset that, but I do think you know, in going to Bryan Pugh that we now moved into merchandising area. I think Bryan is going to bring a lot of great experience. We are really, really looking to get to understand our customer, and know our customer more, we can file. And I think youll see a lot more target merchandising toward our customers.
Wade Miquelon: And I would just pile on there and say you know, I think part of this is also recognizing that we do have the best retail corners in America, and making sure that we have the right staple offerings there is just simply the right thing to do.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: In terms of driving traffic or just because, I guess back to the original point of the question, just because that is at least now and maybe into the future what a drugstore can expect to  its consumers to take away.
Greg Wasson: I think you know, as I said Andy Im telling you, I hope I am getting to your question, I think you will see us, you know, continuing to make sure that we are swinging doors as I said. I mean we're going to have, going to have good value items on the front page of our rotas. We have good value items stacked up in stores, but at the same time you know, I think the merchandise selection, the promotional activity you will be seeing help will help offset that margin, and I think there is tremendous upside getting on private label.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: So you're going to remain committed to general merchandise and a pretty robust you know, gift and Christmas program.
Greg Wasson: Absolutely, you know one of the things we hear loud and clear is that our consumer likes our fun atmosphere. They like seasonal. They like the items, being able to find items quickly, the new items as they are launched. So we are not going to deviate from that part of our business. That is where we excel and have excelled for years.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: Thanks, and just one follow on, Wade on the Rewire initiatives. I've heard that you know, and I assume this would be the case anyway. So you're really managing down full-time equivalence with some top, you know, from top-down directives at the store level and also overtime pay, whether it is for assistance or what have you. Is that  how are you considering that. Is that part of your rewire savings, or is that part of the normal course of just running a tighter shift at Walgreens?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think, you know, I guess what I would say is that, you know, we're looking everything off of the 2008 base. We are looking for as you know savings in three buckets. The middle bucket is really looking for savings and corporate overheads, field management and at the store level, but except that there is some tightening there, yes, that is factored into it.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: Okay, so on a pro forma or run rate basis have you given what you have done at the store level, and have you already reached the 1000 heads on a full-time equivalent basis?
Greg Wasson: That 1000 heads is in the store level number really. That 1000 heads is more of a corporate and field level. So that's a really separate initiative. So again, you know, for the 1000 number we've been targeting, it's really primarily corporate and field management separate from store labor.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: Okay, let me one follow-up, and then I will surrender. So, at the store level could you take  what is the full-time equivalent reduction that you think it is going to work out to?
Wade Miquelon: We haven't given any numbers or thoughts on that. Obviously, if were going to reduce labor there we are going to have to re-engineer processes. People work very hard at the store; they've got a lot to do. So making sure that we have simpler promotions, few allotments and all that is going to help, but we haven't given any specifics on that to date.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Robert Willoughby of Banc of America.
Greg Wasson: Good morning Robert.
Wade Miquelon: Good morning Robert.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America: On the receivables build there, can you comment on how much may be attributable to the shift into healthcare franchises that you have, and then just a follow up. Have you really clearly laid out kind of plans for cash. How much kind of goes into retail, how much goes into healthcare over the next 12 months?
Greg Wasson: Yes, I would say that, you know, there is not really any market shift from the mix in healthcare there. The primary reason for this slight, you know, receivables change year-on-year, again I said is really the Saturday timing. So youll see that balance up over time. Also, as there has been in the public domain, little bit of timing on some of the Medicaid payments. But that should work its way out over time. So I think essentially, which you just see here is anomaly, mostly of ending on a Saturday.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America: Okay, and just how you split your CapEx going forward between healthcare and retail?
Greg Wasson: You know, the bulk of it is still going to be on the core, right. Everything we are doing is to reinforce the core. The bulk of our spending is you know, things like new store openings, remodel and refreshing on our stores, IT infrastructure and distribution infrastructure to support our stores. So, you know, the overwhelming majority will continue to be on the core.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America: But I cant get you to kind of commit to a healthcare acquisition spend by any means, could I?
Greg Wasson: No.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Ransom of Raymond James.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Hi good morning. Could you tell me your SKU rationalization, how much is that affecting your front-end sales, and when do you think you will be through that process?
Greg Wasson: John, it is Greg, you know, we are just beginning to, you know, as I said roll out some of the categories. We are not seeing any effect on front-end sales. Actually we are looking for an opportunity to grow sales, but keep in mind we've got  we are through about 50% to 60% of the categories of merchandise we have now.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay.
Greg Wasson: We are going to rule out 40 of those, as I said by fall. We are looking at the results as we rule them out, and it will begin to pile at full CCR formats in 35 stores in spring.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Just an idea, how many SKUs you are trying to take out, and what those  has that changed since you talked, started talking about it this fall. Has the type of stuff you are taking out changed as you learn more?
Greg Wasson: You know, I think  I think the one thing that we are doing is, you know we had maybe a year ago kind of had a benchmark goal out there of a percent reduction, but I think it's much more laser focused now by category, and you may see some categories where, you know, maybe a 20%, 30% reduction, maybe see some of our signature categories with maybe a single digit reduction. So I think it's just really using shopper based principles to really determine what those merchandise categories should be and how to optimize them.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Yes, and what percentage of your front-end is Walgreens private label versus third-party, and where do you think that could get to in a couple of years?
Wade Miquelon: Well, about 20% of our business is private-label now, still growing fairly healthily. I mean I don't, you know I only have to surmise what it could be. Obviously, it is seen in countries overseas, you know, Germany, UK, Italy et cetera. Those at the very high-end can approach, you know, 40ish percent over time, but really I think it depends by category, and at the end of the day how do we make our brands, you know, play very well with our private label, kind of have an overall portfolio to give the customer the right choice.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay. That's helpful, and then the other thing I wanted to ask you was this 90 day going to or 30-day going to 90-day retail. I know one of your responses is to do more automated prescription fills to lower your cost. Is there any other strategic response that you might use with your mail-order or otherwise to get ahead of this.
Greg Wasson: I think one of the things we are most excited about is the POWER initiative that we talked about. And I think we have tremendous opportunity there to take costs out, we are central filling in Orlando now about 19% of chronic prescriptions. We think there is tremendous upside there yet.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay.
Greg Wasson: We are also moving, as you know, a lot of the work such as insurance verification and so forth out, which is reducing lot of the tasks within the stores.
Wade Miquelon: But I also think our PSC card, what we are really seeing is we are seeing about 20% of the prescriptions filled 90-day or being filled for 90 day supplies versus the typical prescription trend of about 4%. So we are encouraged that folks look for 90-day supply within drug channel in the convenience we offer.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay. And then finally, how is much Take Care costs for you this year. I know, CVS has talked about something like about a nickel dilution. What kind of  is Take Care going to be profitable? When do you think that might have profited, assuming it is not profitable now, and how much is that costing you?
Wade Miquelon: It is costing us almost $0.06 cents a share.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay.
Wade Miquelon: You know, we believe this year is probably the most dilutive year, in other words will start to creep moving forward, although we won't move in the black next year. There will be less losses. Of other models, just remember that this model to become profitable on a stand-alone basis without a script or a front-end sale, you know, our models typically runs 2 to 3 years. So those losses we are incurring is not you know, because our older stores or older clinics are, you know, accretive and productive. It is just because of the timing of putting so many clinics in the last year. So again it really will become profitable sort of a function on when that overall  you know, those overall majority of stores start to getting that 2 to 3-year aging cycle.
Greg Wasson: You know, I like to add that were seeing majority of stores are surpassing breakevens but you know, I would like to point out, I do not see this as a seasonal business. I think that strategically long-term these  providing access and affordable health care is a huge opportunity for us to leverage our community stores within  and that is the reason we are putting a lot of effort into additional services that can be offered to the clinics as well as leveraging Walgreens labor model to help improve the operating model within the clinics.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay. And are you guys still taking off the table, if a big health plan wants to sell their PBM. Is that still something strategically that you would say is off the table or is that something you might look at now?
Greg Wasson: We will certainly continue, our key strategy is to broaden and deepen our payor relationships with managed care organizations and PBMs at large. So, we don't certainly see, you know, deviations from that at this point in time, and I cant comment on the specific opportunity.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Sure, all right, thank you.
Greg Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Neil Currie of UBS.
Neil Currie  UBS: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Just a quick one. Bryan Pughs appointment as Head of Merchandising at just the front-end. Also he has a role in format, could you, maybe give us a bit more detail as to what his role is here, and what format you maybe considering, and whether you might venture into any particularly new formats?
Greg Wasson: Yes, Neil. Bryan is going to  yes, I originally brought him into lead new formats, and then Id recently given him front-end merchandising, but as far as new formats, I think initially to be making sure that we launched the CCR initiative that we have across the chain in a very prudent and efficient manner. We will be testing, as I said in 35 stores that new format which is lower profile, low profiles as well as optimized merchandising. But also, we will begin to explore new formats, based on our customer research that we are getting from Kim Feil, our new CMO, and begin to pilot in select stores . I think there is tremendous opportunity now that weve brought all the resources together under Bryan to really begin to be more efficient, to learn and study what we pilot. We are looking at high-volume urban locations, and how we can leverage new formats to help accelerate our growth in urban areas and so forth. So I think Bryan is going to really help us there.
Neil Currie  UBS: Would you consider formats without a pharmacy?
Greg Wasson: I don't think anything is off the table, but certainly be in a pharmacy and that being our franchise, I think it really will be something that we have to consider. So I don't see that being studied right now.
Wade Miquelon: We do have a few stores today that are very successful without a pharmacy, but those are in very specialized locations, may be tourist areas or whatever, but you know, broad scale it really doesn't make any sense for us right.
Neil Currie  UBS: And I just wondered where you are at the moment in terms of SKU rationalization. Is there any figures you could give us around that?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think as we outlined here in kind of the script, we are getting ready to move not only to those 30 or so you know, pilot stores, but also into you know, a reset of 40% of the categories through the fall here. You know, again as Greg said there is no one-size that fits all for categories. We will try looking in that 15% to 17% overall reduction range. Some categories may be being flat or slightly up with their signature and other ones being down more markedly, but if you want to re-emphasize that because of the SKUs we taking out are either very slow moving, have lots of better alternatives in the store, you know, are desired by our customer base, you know, et cetera, the category by category belief that it is an opportunity to actually build sales through better facings, through more relevancies for better preselection, and it is the risk of losing sales, and the real key will be executing it flawlessly.
Greg Wasson: Certainly, and our signature categories are referred to such as skin and over-the-counter cough and cold and so forth. You'll see less SKU reductions in some of our, you know, discretionary categories such as hardware or automotive and so forth.
Neil Currie  UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Deborah Weinswig with Citi.
Deborah Weinswig  Citi: Good morning. So a few questions, previously, I think it was at the analyst meeting back in 2008, you had talked about a comprehensive loyalty program, which would include the Walgreens Prescription Savings Club, but also you know, potentially more of like a typical rewards card kind of like CVS has its Extra Care. Can you talk about your current thoughts there?
Greg Wasson: We brought Kim Feil in as our new Chief Marketing Officer, and as you know she's got a strong IRI background, customer insight and customer research. Certainly you know, we believe that to improve and accelerate customer loyalty within our franchise is an opportunity. Kims first objective was to study and learn who our customer is, and more about our customer and how to target those customers, but with that we certainly think our loyalty program is of value. And she is working through how we would consider going to market and the proper loyalty program for Walgreens. So a lot of effort being put there Deborah.
Deborah Weinswig  Citi: Okay, very helpful. And then on the real estate side, since you're one of the key retailers or so growing, can you talk what you're seeing with regards to construction cost, site availability, and also your ability to renegotiate leases?
Wade Miquelon: I think construction costs have been basically flat, maybe slightly better. I think availability, you are probably going to see, you know, more availability than you've seen in the past, and again we only go for the best corners, but historically you know, we tend to maybe be looking at those corners versus retail banks and others. So that will probably open up over time. But on renegotiation I would say, you know, no. I mean in general I think we structure these deals, you know, these long-term deals in a way that we believe is beneficial for both parties. And I think that even if we are able to renegotiate or restructure some, you know, it wouldn't be a marked amount of money.
Deborah Weinswig  Citi: Okay, and then last question on the POWER initiative in Florida, how are the stores benefiting and have you seen an impact on the consumer as a result of increased attention by the pharmacist, and maybe how are you measuring that?
Greg Wasson: And that's exactly one of the main benefits from POWER is to improve service levels and free the pharmacists up, and certainly we are measuring, and we see you know, we see a pretty kind of neutral effect right now, and I think that's probably good Deborah, because there is  with any system rollout, you know there is a lot of technology, a lot of change in management that were thrown into the market. I think we are certainly pleased with what we are seeing. I think the potential to improve service levels and really allow that pharmacist to spend more time with patients is going to be incredible, and that's the reason we continue to roll it out.
Deborah Weinswig  Citi: Thanks so much and best of luck.
Greg Wasson: Thank you.
Operator: And next will go to John Heinbockel with Goldman Sachs.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: A couple of things. How would you guys look at the front end margin reduction, and how would you generally break that out discretionary clearance markdowns around Christmas versus you know, normal promotional activity, you know, that you will have pretty much every quarter?
Wade Miquelon: I give it to you a few different ways. You now our  we have a little bit of drag from the businesses like specialty, which have a lower margin but you know, very small. You know, our assessment part of gain was from the Rx retail margin, and in the front-end, you know, margin was now maybe 70% of that, but at the end of the day almost the entire reduction could be attributed to seasonal closeout and clearance, and I think we did pretty well this seasonal period, you know all things considered especially since our buying happened, you know far before we saw the total impact of the recession, and I think as we move forward, weve made the right adjustments for that, but I guess the other way Im saying is you could slice it is that almost all that is essentially, you know, some types of seasonal or write-down mix.
Greg Wasson: I think we did a pretty good job in pulling down our seasonal buyer for the Christmas and holiday, but at the same time obviously there are lots of folks down there that were early with markdowns and we had to react to, but I think even more so is we did decide to take some markdowns because we want to turn that inventory into cash this year. And I think that was a prudent thing to do. Certainly we've reacted to the upcoming seasons as Wade said to make sure that weve adjusted to the new economy.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: And then you  and Easter is fundamentally different than Christmas in terms of discretionary importance, so you would not expect the same type of  or anything close to it for Easter.
Greg Wasson: We feel pretty good with Easter right now. Again we were able to make the adjustment with our buy. We've got a longer selling season this year, two extra weeks in April. So, you know, we certainly don't expect and hope to have the same type of markdown challenge that we had with Christmas holiday, but you know, we feel pretty good.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Is there a plan to sort of manage non-discretionary front-end growth to a certain level may be flat and you know, keep investing in value alongside, whatever cost reduction you're getting or do you actually thinking you can see some improvement there?
Greg Wasson: You know, I think we are seeing a lift in non-discretionary categories and other items now offsetting the drop and the duration, we have seen more discretionary categories. So I think that balance will be critical, and that's the reason again, I think there is opportunity for us to continue to grow our private-label sales, which will help offset their margins.
Wade Miquelon: I wouldn't see any reason why we couldn't strive to make improvements in margin in all of our categories, you know whether we are being more targeted in discretionary, whether we are pulling our staples through more effectively or whether we are you know, driving you know, more business to private-label, et cetera.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: All right, and finally what do we see right now with regard to reimbursement pressure, but I know it is always there, has it picked up given the macro, will it pick up? And it doesn't look like we're seeing a lot of issue  a lot of big cuts on the Medicaid front statewide but is that coming?
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think as you have said we have experienced reimbursement pressures and constantly managed that. Hey John, I think with, you know, healthcare reforms there is going to be opportunities for us to provide access solutions, but at the same time there is going to continued reimbursement pressure. And I think we've got to continue to do what we've done over the years and manage that aggressively, build the resources, Stan Blaylock [ph] over water and health services has the horsepower to continue to manage and get the best reimbursement force, but I think we will continue to see it. I don't see it accelerating any more aggressive than they have in the past but certainly we are prepared for it.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our next one from Ed Kelly of Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Hi Good morning guys.
Greg Wasson: Hi Ed.
Wade Miquelon: Hi Ed.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Greg, how do you manage the risk of hurting sales by pulling products out that may be your more loyal customers are looking for in terms of the SKU rationalization, and does not having a loyalty card program raise that level of execution risk?
Greg Wasson: Yes, good question Ed. I think as far as how we manage the risk, you know as I said, we are really using what we call a shopper-based principles to look at these departments, and we are truly looking item by item, and what the true profitability of an item is, but we're also looking at the regional and the geographic value of each item as well. So, we are really being careful not to select and not to cut out. What has really made us unique, and that is the fact that we typically do have the item to fit certain geographies. So being real careful there. As far as royalty  not having loyalty program, does it add additional risk? You know, I don't believe so, I think I see us  I see tremendous opportunity as we go forward, as we know more who our customer is, and how to market drug directly to customers. So I think we are managing that risk prudently and appropriately.
Wade Miquelon: And I will just build on Greg's comments here, on the SKU reduction, we are being extraordinarily thoughtful, and apart from the profitability analysis, also we're doing a detailed shopper basket, which is by category to make sure that the end proposition is even better, the vetting process for testing or the wave of rollouts is going to give us lots of opportunities to make sure that our read is what we believe. So we should be good there. As Greg said I think the loyalty  building more loyalty is a great opportunity for us, and invested heavily in loyalty in the past, in things like the best corners in America, but to the extent those other things we can do that make sense, we will certainly consider.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then you know, you have been more aggressive on the new store acquisition front recently. How important will this be going forward? How do you evaluate these opportunities, and just how do you balance doing this is with focusing just on improving your core store base?
Greg Wasson: I think that as we always do, we will certainly look at every opportunity to make sure it fits strategically Ed, as well as gives the right ROIC that we need going forward. I think we are continuing to see pressure and industry consolidation that we will have to look at and analyze, and do it appropriately. That is kind of what I meant my Tom Connolly changing our real estate strategy to more of a portfolio strategy going forward, to make sure if there is an opportunity that makes sense in a certain geography, we will consider it, but we will certainly manage that mix between organic and potential opportunities in a prudent way.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Greg, I mean, the company on the past made a bid for  or at least attempted to look at Longs Drug Stores. Now that you are CEO, I mean, are you open to doing something like a large deal or do you think you are just more value and focusing on your core store base right now?
Greg Wasson: I think that right now we are absolutely focused on our three-part strategy Ed which is, you know, taking and leveraging those 65,000 stores we have, and improving the front-end. I think there is tremendous value there. I do think that we will absolutely consider every opportunity, and if it makes sense strategically, and it makes sense financially we are certain to consider it going forward.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take a last question from Lisa Gill of JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill  JP Morgan: Thanks very much and good morning. Greg in the past you have talked about utilization trends, and I think you made the comment that there are less doctor visits et cetera, but yet it looks like your numbers are pretty strong on the pharmacy side, and then additionally, it looks like RX retail on the gross profit side are coming from generic utilization. So maybe can you talk a little bit about those two things, one, are you just taking market share is that why your numbers still look positive on the pharmacy side, and then secondly, can you talk about what you are seeing for generic utilizations trends, are you seeing a conversion within your book, and as you take that opportunity to now do some central fill, and have more time with the member. Is this giving you an opportunity to convert people from one therapeutic class  I am sorry, from one therapeutic prescription to another, for example, within the statin class and moving a member to a generic.
Greg Wasson: Yes, good questions Lisa. I will try to get to all of them. We do continue to take and grow our market share within pharmacy, and I think that we do have the luxury as we stated I think in a call that we're going to get some softening trends this time last year, but we are also continuing to outpace IMS. You know, I think that there are several things going on. I think that we are doing very well with our PSC card in response to the class of $4 generics from a year ago. We are actually seeing an increase in that category going forward. So, I think that shows that our convenience and our strategy worked there. I think we are continuing to see some struggles within the industry in this economic environment within independents and regional chains and potential (inaudible) there, and I think we are really, really promoting service as we going forward. As far as generic utilization in our book, I think we are and will continue to see increased utilization over the next several years. I wouldn't say that where we want to be yet on therapeutic generic opportunities. I do think that the opportunity exists with our pharmacists having more time in being freed up by POWER to do more therapeutic switches, but I wouldn't say that we have seen a huge opportunity there yet. But I do think that other opportunities that we are seeing, immunizations and vaccinations are tremendous opportunities with Zostavax being a vaccine for 55-year-olds and older seniors across the country. So hopes that gets to your questions Lisa.
Lisa Gill  JP Morgan: And then just as a follow-up, when you think about central fill, and obviously you are doing it in the Florida market. But is there an opportunity to roll this out nationwide, and if so what percentage of your prescriptions do you think you could see going through central fill.
Greg Wasson: Maybe I will take the second question first. You know I think there is potential to do maybe 30%, 35% of our prescriptions to go through central fill that is kind of backing in from the percentage of chronic prescriptions that we get still ahead of time. The second will be really more dependent on how successful we are with, you now with State regulation and legislation that allow us to fill across states and between states. We're certainly are leveraging Orlando mail service  mail service facility in Florida. We intend to leverage our Tempe mail service facility in Arizona, to begin to central fill and aggressively work to show the value that we are seeing in Florida, as we work with other states to improve the legislation process  legislative process. That is it Lisa.
Operator: And that does conclude the question and answer session for today. At this time, Mr. Hans, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Rick Hans: Folks that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We will announce March sales on April 2. Please keep in mind that each default in April this year compared to last year's march Easter, which was the earliest since 1913. This will of course have a big impact on our March front-end sales comps. We will need to look at combined March-April sales to get a true picture of performance for those months. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Monday, June 22, when we announce fiscal 2009 third-quarter results. Until then thank you for listening.
Operator: We thank you for your participation. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-12-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance Greg Wasson  President and Chief Operating Officer Wade Miquelon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Spina - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Lisa Gill  JP Morgan Mark Miller  William Blair Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company Nathan Reich  Citigroup John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs  Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital Steven Halper  Thomas Weisel Partners David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Bakley Smith  Jefferies & Company
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Walgreen Company First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Now at this time Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance.
Rick Hans: Welcome to our First Quarter Conference Call. Well start todays call with Greg Wasson our President and Chief Operating Officer, discussing the quarters highlights and the progress we have made on our strategic initiatives. Wade Miquelon, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will provide details on the first quarter financial results before turning it back over to Greg.  John Spina our Vice President and Treasurer is also joining us on the call today. In addition, Id like to introduce the newest member of our Investor Relations team, Lisa Mears; Lisa just joined us this month as manager of Investor Relations. We have allowed plenty of time for your questions on the call today but please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Id like to point out that todays call is being simulcast on our Investor Relations website located at investor.Walgreens.com. After this call the presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward looking statements. Now heres Greg Wasson.
Greg Wasson:  Let me begin by thanking everyone who came to Chicago for our Analyst day in late October. We greatly appreciate your interest in Walgreens and enjoyed having the opportunity to meet you. We also appreciated the breadth of questions posed during the day and your comments and suggestions for our next analyst day. For any of you who missed our meeting the audio presentation and slides are archived on our website. Before discussing the financial results and strategic initiatives we put in place during the first quarter I would like to emphasize that the CEO search process has not slowed down the implementation of our strategic growth initiatives in any way. I can assure you we havent missed a beat. We are progressing rapidly on the key initiatives which drive our three strategies.  As our Board, Chair and Acting CEO, Alan McNally outlined at the analyst day meeting, the Board determined that the search process would consider both internal and external candidates and take about three and a half to four plus months. At this point we would expect an announcement sometime in early 2009. To get started, today we announced that we are slowing our new store openings to 2.5% to 3% by fiscal 2011; this will reduce our CapEx by an additional $500 million. Both Wade and I will have more to say about this later. Net sales for the first quarter were a record $14.9 billion, up 6.6%. Comp sales rose 1.7%, net earnings were $408 million or $0.41 per share diluted compared to $456 million or $0.46 per share diluted a year ago. Our customer traffic strengthened as the quarter progressed, although basket ring was down as customers were buying essentials rather than discretionary items. Comparable prescription sales rose 2.6% in the quarter, the number of prescriptions filled in comp stores was virtually flat compared with a year ago but on an adjusted 90 versus 30 day basis we would have increased 150 basis points. For the quarter we filled 156 million prescriptions. Total retail prescriptions increased 3.7% over last years first quarter. That compares favorably to an industry wide decline of 0.5% as reported by IMS, excluding Walgreens. Weve talked previously about some of the factors affecting prescription sales despite these near term challenges we have seen benefits in December from a recent up tick in the flu and the later than usual Thanksgiving. We continue to gain prescription market share, we now fill 18% of all retail prescriptions in the country. Weve seen a big increase in a number of flu vaccines administered this season, delivering over 1.1 million shots which are more than twice what we did all last year. Special thanks to all the hard work of our pharmacists and nurse practitioners who are successfully building this business. As I said during the quarter we made great progress on the three growth strategies which you may remember are: Leveraging the best store network in America Enhancing the customer experience Major cost reduction and productivity gains Ill bring you up to date on our progress. As you can see on this slide over the last six months we have substantially reduced our plans for new store openings. In July we announced the reduction of the long term growth rate from 8% to just 5% in 2011. Today, we announced that we are reducing new store openings further to about 4% to 4.5% in fiscal 2010 and about 2.5% to 3% in fiscal 2011. This decision was made after evaluating the current economic conditions and concluding that we have substantial upside to drive greater value creation by enhancing the best community based store network in America. As a result, we believe that for the long term slowing in new store openings is an important strategic step. Because this is an increasingly dynamic process going forward we will be providing guidance regarding planned store opening data as a range rather than providing the exact number of openings as weve done previously. Let me be clear, we will continue to open new stores on the best corners and end markets that deliver the highest return on invested capital. Our new Times Square store is a great example, we opened it in November and it has already become one of our top performers. In summary, moderating new store openings will one, support our customer centric retailing initiative, two, increase flexibility to invest opportunistically, three, save an additional $500 million over the next three years over and above the $500 million we previously announced, and four, drive greater value creation by strengthening the best community based store network in America. We continue to enhance the customer experience through new customer centric programs and improvements to store operations. These include efficient assortment, efficient promotion and refreshing our existing store base. Were also responding to the current consumer need for increased value by broadening our offering of what we call affordable essentials, basic staples such as food items, paper products and other consumables. Were positioning our stores to take advantage of the new consumer reality for retailers which means customers are making more purchases using cash and timing those purchases closely to the beginning or the middle of the month when they receive their employer or government checks. Were also meeting the needs of our cost conscious customers with money saving initiatives such as our Prescription Savings Club. This loyalty program serves the needs of the 46 million Americans who are uninsured as well as the millions who are under insured. We now have more than 1.4 million Prescription Savings Club members an increase of more than 400,000 in just three months and more than 30% of the PSC members are new Walgreen patients. As weve said before, our private brand business is one of the strongest in retailing and continues to grow as consumers look for value. Weve also had tremendous momentum in our online business which reported a 45% increase in traffic to Walgreens.com during the month of November. Another component of consumer centric retailing is testing and evaluating new store formats. We are underway and as we make progress we will update you. Now lets talk about another major initiative which we are making good progress, POWER. POWER will transform community pharmacy as we know it today and it is currently being rolled out across Florida. As you may recall, POWER focuses on one, eliminating a significant amount of administrative tasks from the community pharmacy which will free up pharmacists to play a greater role as trusted clinicians, two reduce overall pharmacy costs, and three enable us to increase the breadth and dept of pharmacy services such as flu shots and vaccinations. In October we told you that POWER was in 152 Florida locations, today POWER is in 280 stores in Florida. The Orlando metropolitan market has been completed and were well on our way to completing South Florida. By the end of the fiscal year we will have implemented POWER in all Florida stores, thats more than 760 locations and more than 10% of our total drugstores. Weve begun providing centralized fill in services 30 stores in Arizona from our Tempe mail service facility as you can see we are well on our way. We continue to leverage and enhance the core business through our growing pharmacy and health and wellness services and locations. We opened four new worksites and 76 new retail clinics in the quarter giving us a total of 661 retail and worksite clinics nationwide. We expect to be operating in about 800 locations by the end of the fiscal year. As Americans seek to control the cost of their healthcare services, our retail clinics provide cost effective, quality care thats extremely convenient to customers. In combination with our worksite clinics and health centers we help corporate clients control healthcare costs while encouraging healthy lifestyles for their employees. Interest continues to build; recently we opened locations for the 70,000 eligible employees and their families at the Disney properties in Orlando and a new health center in Las Vegas, serving 11,000 eligible members. We continue to expand our specialty pharmacy business which represents one of the fastest growing areas of healthcare today. On December 1, we completed the acquisition of a specialty pharmacy business from McKesson Corporation. The acquisition will further strengthen our position as the fourth largest specialty pharmacy in the country. Ill let Wade update you on the specifics of the quarter, the rewiring for growth initiatives and the financial impact to date of our new strategic initiatives.
Wade Miquelon: Given the context of a challenging economy our team worked hard in the quarter to deliver higher sales and control costs. As Greg said previously net sales increased 6.6% while total comparable sales were up 1.7%. This compares favorably with many other retailers for the past quarter. Net earnings were $408 million a 10.4% decline from last year.  Prescription sales rose 6.2% and represent 66% of sales for the quarter. Prescription sales in comparable stores rose 2.6%. The number of prescriptions filled in comparable stores was virtually flat although, as Greg pointed out, prescriptions were up 1.5% when adjusting for more patients filling 90 day scripts versus 30 day prescriptions. During the quarter we had approximately $0.045 per diluted share cost impact from a variety of items which includes first, an incremental $0.01 charge for LIFO reserve versus a year ago, second, a $0.01 cost, one time charge for rewiring for growth, third, $0.01 of interest expense above the year prior, lastly about $0.015 of year on year incremental investment for our retail clinic expansion. Gross profit in the quarter was $4.2 billion a 5.9% increase reflecting a challenging business environment. Gross margin was down 20 basis points in the quarter compared with the prior year. The overall margin was negatively impacted by lower margins of a non-retail businesses and a higher LIFO provision. This was partially offset by a higher retail margin as a result of the impact of generic drug sales. Front end margins were essentially flat year over year. SG&A expense increased 9.1% in the first quarter compared with an increase of 10% last year. While our base cost control was very robust this level of SG&A growth above sales growth can be attributed to three causes. First, we opened a record number, 212 new stores in the quarter and that is a very large driver of SG&A. Second, as I mentioned earlier we continue investing in our retail healthcare clinics. Finally, we incurred some one time costs associated with rewiring for growth and these are essentially all in SG&A. We have made significant progress in controlling the growth of SG&A in recent quarters. As you can see from this chart SG&A dollar growth in the quarter on a two year stacked basis has steadily declined from 28% to 19.1% despite very aggressive store openings. The same three issues I highlighted a moment ago and on the previous slide as negatively impacting our business near term will actually begin to benefit SG&A in the future. For example, slowing new store openings will allow for significant slowing of SG&A. We are likely to have our highest loss quarter and highest loss fiscal for retail clinics this year and we will receive significant ongoing cost benefits from rewire for growth beginning the end of this fiscal and on into 2011. Now lets look at a few other financial drivers in the quarter. The effective tax rate was 37.6% compared to a rate of 37.4% in the year ago period. Net interest expense was $15 million compared to zero last year due to the issuance of $1.3 billion in long term debt. The LIFO provision was $43 million versus $27 million in the first quarter of 2008.  In the quarter, we invested $638 million on additions to plant, property and equipment versus $490 million last year due largely to the addition of 212 new stores versus 166 last year. In fiscal 2009 we plan on opening a total of 540 new stores, yielding 475 net new stores yet our capital spending has been a bit front end loaded this year and we continue to estimate that capital spending for the full year will come in at around $1.8 billion. Accounts receivable were up 23.6% in the quarter and this was driven primarily by reimbursement timing, non-retail sales mix which has a higher normalized DSO and also the end of the quarter falling on a Sunday. Inventories grew by 9.9% driven primarily by record new store sales growth, slower comps and the effect of seasonal goods. Accounts payable increased 22.4% due primarily to timing of disbursement give the Sunday quarter end and the increase of inventories. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was $1.5 billion reflecting short term borrowings of $1.1 billion, long term debt of $1.3 billion and offsets by cash and cash equivalents of $886 billion. As we discussed at analyst day, we are targeting $1 billion in annual cost reductions by fiscal 2011. Three primarily areas of opportunity include strategic sourcing of indirect spend, corporate overhead and store labor reductions, and POWER, which also includes workload balancing. We are making significant progress in all three areas. This next chart shows a schedule of timing of costs and benefits associated with rewire for growth. As you can see, during 2009 and 2010 we will incur one time costs of $300 to $400 million to achieve our long term objective of $1 billion of net cost reductions by fiscal 2011. We also expect to achieve working capital benefits of an additional $500 million through our customer centric retailing initiatives. In short, we are confident that our three strategies will enable Walgreens to get back to a path of strong EPS growth performance. The last thing Id like to focus on before I close, our exceptional balance sheet and strong cash flows are enabling and will enable significant financial flexibility as we move forward. Our Commercial Paper ratings of A1P1 and our long term debt ratings of A+A2 give us the ability to drive our strategies and do right things right at a time when many other corporations are struggling with liquidity.  Were proud of our credit ratings and we are committed to maintaining our high investment grade position grade position. Further, our decision to slow the pace of store openings to strengthen and enhance our core and to reduce unnecessary costs will only further strengthen our balance sheet and ensure that we have ample financial flexibility for a very strong future. Now I want to turn the call back over to Greg Wasson.
Greg Wasson: Ill finish with saying how extremely proud I am of the superb leadership team that we continue to build at Walgreens. To that end, today were announcing the addition of three new Vice Presidents who are experienced leaders with track records of growth and success in their respective industries. Their contributions will strength our Walgreen management team and give us an even stronger blend of external talent and internal expertise. Bryan Pugh, most recently with Tescos Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Markets joins us as Vice President responsible for the development of new store formats. Hell be focusing on affordable and essential merchandise. He helped design the fresh and easy store operations model and launched the retail grocery chain on the West coast as it grew to 90 locations in less than a year. Colin Watts, formerly with Campbell Soup Company and McNeil Consumer Healthcare Worldwide becomes President of Walgreens Health and Wellness Disease Management. Colin brings significant healthcare industry expertise to Walgreens and has a proven track record of growing consumer and healthcare companies in the US and globally. Jeffrey Zavada, formerly National Vice President Key accounts for United Healthcare, joins Walgreens as Vice President and Chief Sales Officer. We look forward to his expertise in helping Walgreens build a world class sales organization in order to continue to broaden and deepen our payer relationships. In summary, Walgreens has a winning strategy, an exceptional leadership team and a strong focus on execution to grow our business and create long term significant value for shareholders. Ive never been more confident about our future.
Rick Hans: That concludes our prepared remarks. Were now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Lisa Gill  JP Morgan
Lisa Gill  JP Morgan: Is there any way you can break out for us the SG&A as it pertains today to the new stores so that we can get an understanding of what your run rate looks like as we start to think about the slowing down of the stores and we start thinking about modeling for that? Secondly, Im wondering what youre seeing, where youre taking customers from your RX savings club plan? As we start thinking about things like electronic prescribing, etc. how will that also impact some of the programs that you have in place around your generic programs?
Wade Miquelon: On SG&A either way I would frame it if you look at our same store SG&A year on year and the direct costs, hourly labor, etc. effectively thats kind of been 0% to 1% range or actually below our rate of comp sales. The balance of it isnt all new real estate, there is obviously other items in there some of which I mentioned like rewire investment. That gives you a general feel for the relative level of SG&A that we put into new stores and the fact that on a base level we have a pretty good sustainable model now in cost control. On the PSC or RX card Ill start there, I would say I think we are seeing a lot of traction and from a financial point of view I think its a good thing because there is a fair amount of turn over, churn normally in prescriptions and really this is capturing a lot of that so net, net, net its financial accretive and also a great driver of loyalty.
Lisa Gill  JP Morgan: Where are you taking those customers from, are they coming from the other retailers, are they coming from the supermarkets, from Wal-Mart, where do you think youre taking them from today.
Greg Wasson: We dont know truly where were taking them from. The opportunity of 46 million uninsured folks that didnt have cash and maybe some folks that werent really taking medication or seeking compliance medication. The two biggies that were seeing, were seeing 30% of the patients that are on the PSC card are new adds and were also seeing increased compliance once their on. I think the opportunity is huge for the 46 million out there that are uninsured.
Wade Miquelon: We cant prove exactly where the share is coming from but we do know is we track, for instance, the $4 scripts, the generics that fall into that bucket that we have actually gained share in that now year on year after a year ago being tougher. I think it is a lot of the cash customers and again I think thats the validation that its hitting those particular scripts.
Greg Wasson: To your e-scribe comment I think two things; were certainly seeing increased compliance of prescriptions. We see more people picking prescriptions up that are on e-scribe once the doctor has written the order and I think youre certainly seeing increased formulary compliance which will increase generic utilization as well because the doctor will be able to see the formulary much easier.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Miller  William Blair
Mark Miller  William Blair: I was looking for more color on the gross margins, how were pharmacy margins up and then when you give the breakdown is the higher LIFO charge netted in those qualitative descriptions on pharmacy and front end? In the non-retail margin decline how much was that and what was the decline in the recurring businesses, ex. the growth in clinics?
Wade Miquelon: I dont know if we can give all the specific detail but effectively pharmacy margins were up slightly front end were close to flat year on year and yes LIFO for both is embedded in both. As youll recall we have about $200 million for the year in LIFO or an increase of roughly $100 million planned. In terms of specialty, specialty does have lower margins and that has grown faster than the business so theyre not declining versus where they were its simply just a mix effect of faster growing versus slower growing.  In the retail clinics that I called out is about a $0.015 year on year drain to overall profitability and that also has a disproportionately low gross profit just because the nature of work costs were allocated for that business. I hope that gives you directional feel but essentially front end and back end were basically stable to up slightly. All other factors bring it down back to neutral and the other businesses pulling down as I said.
Greg Wasson: Im sure, just as a reminder, specialty margins may be tighter but the gross profit dollars, as you know for script are huge.
Mark Miller  William Blair: Can you give us any qualitative comments on December thus far in the holiday selling season? If you could elaborate on your comment about inventory, I think you said the higher increase was reflective of some effect of seasonal goods, in what type of markdown risk might we be looking at in this environment?
Greg Wasson: Well certainly be giving more information on December sales the first of January. Certainly, as you know, we lost a week of holiday sales in the quarter. Were certainly continuing to see a concerned consumer. However, the thing Im really glad of is that were selling things that people need. As more people are leaning toward affordable essentials and staying closer to home I think were well positioned. Well give you more color in January.
Wade Miquelon: On the inventory we did see a little bit of a bump just because of a few things. Number one, we always see both this time of year seasonally but also over the last few quarters weve had slightly lower comps so a lot of these items are bought well in advance. As we sit here today were working through that inventory level. I dont see anything above and beyond what we normally do in terms of write downs here.  Again, as we talked at the analyst day related to rewire for growth in terms of total efficient assortment theyre making some charges but that would be well covered within what weve outlined before related to that project. Its a bit seasonal, its a bit adjusting to the new realities of the economy but were working through that and working that out. I dont see that as an issue.
Greg Wasson: The two big drivers of inventory were the Thanksgiving shift in our new stores. The encouraging thing is that front end margins were flat and traffic was up so I think weve really been surgically using promotions to drive inventory movement when needed.
Mark Miller  William Blair: I was surprised your front end margins were up so that looked good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: The change which is material in the store growth today versus 90 days ago I know strategically 90 days ago you made the decision that you made and now youve taken another step down. Is there something that youve observed in results or analysis that youve done other than just seeing the economy as soft to make the decision to further reduce the store growth as much as you have?
Wade Miquelon: Perhaps the biggest material change is just the economy continues to shift and change. It becomes more uncertain all the time. I think thats probably part of the factor. Related to that, I think that there will be opportunities for more file buys and we may see more consolidation in the industry and I think it behooves us to make sure we have financial flexibility to do that.  Lastly, I think we do believe that our strategies especially around the customer centric work at getting more from the core making stores better is the single biggest value creation lever we can pull. Everything we can do on that is worth that if its going to pay dividends.
Greg Wasson: As we get further along the lines of our consumer centric retailing initiative, to Wades point, I think were seeing more and more opportunities to use the existing 6,500 stores that we have with more efficient assortments, adjacencies, refreshes, re-paintings, remodeling. I think thats where were really excited.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: Is 9% SG&A growth which is what it was in the first quarter, is that about as low as it can go considering the store growth investment thats embedded in the business at least for this year or can you do better than that?
Wade Miquelon: I wouldnt say its as low as it can go but Id say its pretty darn good if you look again the huge driver of the new stores. If you look at it just on a no new store basis its pretty good. Id say the structural systemic things that were doing in rewire to get that $1 billion going over the next three years are going to provide further step downs if you will. Its as good as it can be without the structural interventions that were putting in place but those interventions will be significant.
Greg Wasson: I think the SG&A control were seeing in the core business, of course drugstores has been pretty robust. As we see a couple of these major initiatives come on well see benefit.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: On page 20 you have a chart that talks about returning to double digit earnings growth and the arrow seems to point up as we look at 2009, do you want to give some guidance on how we should think about 2009 earnings from the company?
Wade Miquelon: Heres how I frame it, if we look at the last quarter and this quarter, recall last quarter I think we were up 10%, 11% but we had an accrual adjustment in there so effectively apples to apples we were kind of flat year on year. This quarter, with our 1.7% or 2% comp we had some other negative things that went the other way. Effectively we were again flat year on year. In this 1%, 2% comp range thats where we are before interventions. I think the kinds of things that are going to help us moving to the back end of the year and into the future will be again the customer centricity, big opportunities there, rewiring a big step up there, slowing of stores is definitely going to help over time but its going to take some time to get that benefit. The other wildcard out there is the overall economy which is challenging for everyone now. I do think that given that were more destination in nature, more essentials and given that were probably going to see some industry consolidation over time that will probably be in that as we go along. Without giving guidance for the year I just want to give perspective on really where were the last quarters have netted down and ensuing that the out periods what kind of things were doing to bring that up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Reich  Citigroup
Nathan Reich  Citigroup: My question is around the rewiring for growth initiative how does slower square footage growth change the cost savings that can be achieved with the rewire for growth if it does at all?
Wade Miquelon: It really doesnt at all. The things were looking at are not really, obviously well get one benefit over time from slowing store growth just because theres so much front loaded costs to bring new stores on and were diverting attention from making the core even stronger. With respect to how we factored in the savings and what were looking at thats not really part of the equation.
Nathan Reich  Citigroup: If you could give a little more color on what front end categories are performing the best?
Greg Wasson: As we said, were seeing strong increases in consumables, affordable essentials were talking about groceries, snacks, paper products, basic needs that people are looking for. The discretionary categories are tight, the non-discretionary are up. Were also seeing good increases in over the counter items and our private label brand as people trade down and look for value were seeing good increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : Is there any sign yet with unemployment rising that there is some further impact on consumer behavior in terms of pill splitting and script volumes in general. Secondly, as a corollary to that are you seeing any incremental pressure in reimbursement from companies whose budgets are under pressure?
Greg Wasson: As far as impact on scripts with unemployment its hard to say. Certainly weve all heard where folks are busy doctors less and picking up less prescriptions and that may be affecting the industry number. The good thing is were seeing strong increases for prescription sales the numbers are up. We saw strong increases in the amount of flu shots we administered; our PSC card is showing strength so were pretty encouraged with the trends were seeing in pharmacy right now.
Wade Miquelon: Weve seen a bottoming or strengthening on the prescription side so theres really no short term evidence of worsening. Where were seeing different behavior patterns is really more on the front end. Again, its more towards discretionary items as Greg talked about. Its more towards private label, more towards paycheck time, more towards weekday buys versus weekend buys. Youre really seeing the effects of the economy there much more than youre seeing it right now in the prescription side.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : If you look at WHS as a whole and think about its P&L impact could you just discuss that a little bit. Obviously it sounded like it was a little bit of an impact on margin maybe even on expenses. Do you think WHS was dilutive to the growth rate for the quarter or additive, what would the impact have been more from a bottom line standpoint?
Wade Miquelon: WHS wasnt dilutive from an earnings point of view because of the specialty businesses have lower gross margins and because they were growing faster than the balance it hits the gross margin impact a little bit on OCS. It was really the hit that I talked about at one point $0.06 it was on the health and wellness division side that was plan but thats really from the ramping up. Were going to start leveling that off and then well start cycling this.  This is really our biggest investment here that we see on the clinic side Ill just leverage on that too is that theyre still on track in terms of that 2 to 3 year ramp up to profitability. Because its negative doesnt mean that we have any less confidence that these things over time make sense.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : WHS in total you put everything together operating income, up or down versus year ago it sounds like you might have been down.
Wade Miquelon: No, I didnt say that.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs : It did not detract from the EBIT growth rate of the whole company?
Wade Miquelon: The health and wellness division had a $0.015 but WHS did not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Back to your decision to cut the growth again, I certainly applaud the decision although you dont currently have a new CEO in place as of yet I was just wondering it does sound like youre very close. With a new CEO on board with all this I would imagine thats yes. Secondly, I think the fear from investors will be that you are moving pretty quickly to do this. I think their fear is going to be that its driven by deteriorating fundamentals as opposed to other opportunities. Could you address that?
Greg Wasson: As Wade said, were certainly looking at the economy and making a prudent decision to where were headed and how we want to use our capital going forward. I think thats a big part of it. More importantly, as I said its certainly very strategic as we see it. I think that weve got 6,500 of the best locations out there to date. We talked a lot about leveraging and enhancing that core business and core drugstores. As I said, with what were seeing with our customer centric retailing theres just incredible opportunity to really choose and bring those stores on as we go forward. I wouldnt read much more into it than the fact that it makes sense in this economy and the fact that we think theres a lot of opportunity.
Wade Miquelon: There is not deteriorating in the fundamentals. Its just a matter of being smart about our capital allocations choices and the value we can create by putting more into some of these levers refreshing stores and from the experience potentially more file buys or whatever may come is greater than the value of opening stores at the prior rate. That will be our beacon as we go forward.
Greg Wasson: Its what you lose to our balance sheet. It gives us the flexibility as we go forward, a strong balance sheet to take advantage of opportunities. We feel thats good.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: The FIFO gross margin even if I ex. out the LIFO charge has bounced around quite a bit the last few quarters. It looks like its up about two basis points this quarter, is down 41 last quarter. How should we think about this going forward? If were in a current, steady state where we are today are we looking at flattish to maybe a little bit better excluding the LIFO charge?
Wade Miquelon: You mean with respect to overall earnings or with respect to?
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Gross margins, the FIFO gross margin.
Wade Miquelon: Id hate to try to forecast completely. I think were kind of in a bouncing around the flat range. There has been a little bit of promotional pick up for everyone as we go into December and the holiday season. Were not doing silly things but were making sure we are competitive in that regard in providing value. Id say its difficult to fully predict. Were seeing some pickups from more private label that helps. Were seeing some more essentials that hurts a little bit. In general were doing a pretty good job of holding our own.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Are you seeing any change from your chain drugstore competitors from a promotional standpoint more recently?
Wade Miquelon: I think the whole industry is up. I just saw the other day that for many retailers its double year on year so there is some increase. I dont think were not doing anything crazy; were just making sure that were competitive.
Greg Wasson: We are seeing, we had some early markdowns out there across the industry both in the drug channel and throughout retail. Were happy and glad that we had purchased and bought down last year our seasonal merchandise. Were making some good intelligent decisions as we go forward. Were watching items; were watching them daily making necessary adjustments where possible. Were certainly seeing the industry react in probably a more aggressive way and were trying to be extremely surgical as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: When we previously heard from you on slowing your store growth down to 5% the slowdown to 5% was really driven by just what was in the pipeline and just the natural phase down of that growth. Are there any lease charges or termination costs associated with the slowing down to 2.5% to 3%?
Greg Wasson: Were certainly not looking at any signed leases or signed deals. Were looking at unsigned deals, deal by deal. Some of those may be further out, a little less difficult. Some of those are a little closer in to maybe some costs to it.
Wade Miquelon: I dont think were looking at anything significant if there is any it will be certainly covered by our overall rewire effort. Id also say that we have pretty intensive process we continue to look at all our stores and make sure theyre performing and they make sense. I could sit here and tell you that theres the number of stores that we maybe should shut down because theyre not productive they wont be less than a handful so theres nothing material there either.  Well look at these case by case and well deal with them. As Greg said, none of these are signed deals but its just a matter of working them through one by one.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Now that youve got up to $1 billion in CapEx savings, any thoughts on where to deploy that?
Wade Miquelon: Were still looking at that, it would obviously be smart about it, be flexible, make sure we can reinvest in our strategies, and make sure that if the right value creating opportunities come along ROIC that we look at those. What I would say is right now were sort of in an analyze mode and also making sure that this economy that we have stellar liquidity and a stellar balance sheet because I think right now thats just gold.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Previously you had kind of hinted that you might put that towards acquisitions on the new strategies, do you think its still heading in that direction or more towards shoring up the balance sheet?
Greg Wasson: Well put it where it makes the most sense to give us the greatest return. Were definitely going to use it to drive our strategies. As we said earlier theres a lot of opportunity that were learning through customer centric retailing that we can put back into our stores there so that would probably be a top priority. Obviously well look at opportunities as they exist out there and consider those as they come about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: If you could talk about how competitive it is to buy files right now. You guys for many years werent really in that market I know that its mostly whos closest is willing to pay the most but are you seeing it become more competitive?
Greg Wasson: Not really, weve been buying files for years. I think with the economy and the challenge and struggles a lot of the independent and small chains are having today its probably a little more opportunity over the last couple years. We certainly look at these just like we look at any acquisition or any opportunity to make sure they give us the return on investment that we need. Weve got a group out there that is aggressively talking with independents. I wouldnt say its heated up as far competition.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: My other question comes back to some things that were said at the analyst meeting and that you talked about a little bit today about your POWER program and workload balancing. There was a time a few years ago where workload balancing was really highlighted as being an opportunity and I mean using stores and excess capacity at existing stores and then the shift to a more central fulfillment is kind of change. Could you talk about it, I dont really understand why you went in that direction?
Greg Wasson: With workload balance as described a couple years ago we have seen benefit and that really helped us move work between stores and really help existing stores continue to grow volume. If you have a store out there that may be averaging 300, 350 a day and a store down the road is going to help them you see that it increased lift. I think what were beginning to see now with POWER is a huge opportunity to leverage the entire enterprise our mail service operations as well as our central processing utilities to work around. We see the opportunity to fill as many as 30% to maybe 40% of our chronic prescription centrally but a big part of POWER is not just a central fulfilling of prescriptions its shifting the order entry work and the insurance processing to a more efficient platform to become more efficient and allow the store pharmacist to spend more time with patients.
Wade Miquelon: I think of it as theyre not at all different directions, in fact, theyre evolutionary and complimentary because the workload balancing is the first step of being able to do that virtual paperwork, well call it and central fill goes beyond that to be able to the physical work as well. As Greg said, its not just about the cost its about freeing up those resources. Dynamic workload balancing will always play a role as it did in some of the hurricanes being able to on the spot shift the paperwork and be fluid there is also a nice tool in the arsenal to help reduce costs.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: The difference is youve said that you have a lot of immature stores and that fixed cost is already in place at those stores to build the capacity you need in POWER you actually have to add more capital and essentially more fixed costs. I guess Im still a little confused why not lever what you already have is there a regulatory constraint?
Wade Miquelon: From a paper flow point of view thats true, we can leverage that in place but over time thats not going to be the best systemic solution. Were going to have to have a central scale; youre going to get in a central facility visa vie the paperwork or the physical flow by leveraging that network. We are taking advantage of those new stores in that way. Thats more of an evolutionary short term fix versus and end game where you have true scale.
Greg Wasson: I wouldnt look at it as its one or the other, were leveraging both. Workload balancing is allowing us to continue to leverage those new stores now as we speak. POWER allows us to really move a lot of work into a more efficient manner on top of that.
Meredith Adler  Barclays Capital: Back to a discussion about the front end and seasonal merchandise, is it your expectation, did you go into the holiday with very low level of inventories or do you believe that youll end up having markdowns that might be noticeable in the front end gross margin?
Greg Wasson: We did go in with less inventory than last year. We did anticipate tougher economy. Going into next year well probably even be looking even further reductions as we buy for holidays and seasons. Right now I think we feel pretty good. As I said, were watching inventory daily, making adjustments, moving merchandise around from store to store, market to market. As we move toward the end of the season well see more. I think were managing it pretty effectively at this point in time.
Wade Miquelon: The wildcard still is the recent weather, snow and cold snap well see how that plays out here the next few days. I dont think that were talking anything above and beyond the usual that we always have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Halper  Thomas Weisel Partners
Steven Halper  Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you go through your thoughts on the sku rationalization efforts and is there something there that prevents you from going even quicker than you have been?
Greg Wasson: We have gone through about a little more than 30% of our total categories already. As far as looking at the efficient assortment, the adjacencies and moving pretty quickly there well begin to see rollout of those categories as early as May. We intend to move pretty quickly. Were really encouraged, I think the team is moving pretty quickly to move through the categories.
Wade Miquelon: The speed at which were doing it, it might be long to you but it is really extraordinarily rapid for the number of categories well be changing. Its very important move so it has to be done right, it has to be bedded with research, with shoppers, qualified and has to be executed flawlessly in the stores. As Greg said, by May were going to have a big wave and were working our way through almost half of all categories now in terms of doing the work. I dont think we could be going any faster and doing it a quality way at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: A question on the LIFO charge, did I hear you say that the expectation is for $200 million this year?
Wade Miquelon: Its about $185 million I forget the exact number but thats almost double the year prior.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Could you talk about that a little bit given the fact some retailers are talking about potentially deflationary environment next year?
Wade Miquelon: If you think about the year being broken into four quarters were actually ahead of pace a bit for that annualized rate but thats because we saw last fall a lot of price increases coming through and the step up when all the commodity prices were up. Now I think what were not going to see necessarily is were not going to see either a lot more increases on top of that or a lot of these front end suppliers arent going to probably be dropping their price directly either. They might promote more but you seldom see list price declines. Thats the front end. On the Pharmacy end well have to see how it goes the next month or two but we have seen some price increases and especially on the branded side there may be some more before the next administration is fully in place. I would say its too early to tell at this point but we think overall for the year thats a pretty good number.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: On the one time costs associated with some of the cost initiatives like POWER can you give a little more color as to what constitutes those costs on the one time part?
Wade Miquelon: Over time its obviously going to be things like consultants that are helping us, its going to be things like potential with the skus elimination. Were going to see some potential write downs associated with that and there could be obviously some people costs, transition costs, those are the big buckets. In this first period the bulk of it would be people costs associated with helping do the work. Things like consultants and other ancillary charges.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bakley Smith  Jefferies & Company
Bakley Smith  Jefferies & Company: I wanted to get at the reduction in square footage growth a little bit. We you growing too fast before and now you feel like youve right sized or do you feel like your view on the industry and the opportunity out there has changed significantly in the last six months or a year?
Greg Wasson: I wouldnt say were growing too fast. I think what we did in the past is organically we found some of the best corners in America. I think now we realize we have 6,500 of the best locations and there is opportunity to take that capital thats freeing up and invest back into those stores to drive some incredible value. Were going to continue to invest and find those best corners. Were still going to look for the best corners across the country. Were going to look for markets that make sense strategically to continue to grow share in and certain make sure that it gives us the return on investment were looking for.
Bakley Smith  Jefferies & Company: Could we call this a planned remodel, do you have a new remodel in mind or is it in process? It sounds like youre going to step up the remodel effort a little bit and is there a program thats going to be associated with that or is it adhoc at this point?
Greg Wasson: Its work in progress. If you think about our consumer centric retail initiative first youll see new category planograms rolled out through all stores that we talk about coming out in May with more efficient assortments, the adjacencies, departments moved closer together that make sense. At the same time, were looking at a new design, new format and thats what you will hear more about. Certainly weve got to understand more as far as where were headed and put the cost to it so we understand how much capital will be required.
Rick Hans: Thats our final question. I want to thank you all for joining us today. A couple of quick reminders, well announce December sales on January 5th so well host our annual shareholders meeting on Wednesday, January 14th at Navy Pier in Chicago, remember it begins earlier this year at 10am Central Standard Time. As usual, well host an analyst Q&A session immediately afterwards. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Monday, March 23, when we announce fiscal 2009 second quarter results. Until then have a happy holiday and a great new year.
Operator: That does conclude todays call we do appreciate your participation you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-09-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance Jeff Rein - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Wade Miquelon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Greg Wasson  President John Spina - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets Robert Willoughby  Banc of America  John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs  Debra Weinswig  Citigroup Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Scott Mushkin  Jefferies Meredith Adler  Barclays David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Neil Currie  UBS Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the Walgreen Co. fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now Id like to turn the call over to Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Inventor Relations and Finance.
Rick Hans: Well start todays call with Jeff Rein our Chairman and CEO discussing the quarters highlights. Wade Miquelon, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will provide details on the fourth quarter financial results. Greg Wasson our President will give an overview of progress on implementing our growth strategy. Following that Jeff will give a brief summary and then well be ready to take your questions. For the Q&A well also be joined by John Spina our Vice President and Treasurer. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Id like to point out that todays call is being simulcast on our Investor Relations website located at investor.walgreens.com. After the call this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Before we get started Ill read our safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007 for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward looking statements. Now heres Jeff Rein.
Jeff Rein: Today we announced the fourth quarter in which we once again grew sales and earnings, controlled costs, gained market share and strengthened our management team. We also turned in our 34th consecutive year of record sales and earnings. Thats a track record matched by only one other Fortune 500 company. For the fiscal year sales increased 9.8% to a record $59 billion. Net earnings grew 5.7% to a record $2.2 billion or $2.17 per share diluted. Fourth quarter sales were a record $14.6 billion thats an increase of 8.8%. Net earnings rose 11.7% to $443 million, thats $0.45 per share diluted up 12.5% from last years $0.40. The quarter included several unusual items both positive and negative that Wade will discuss in detail. Fourth quarter front end comp store sales grew 3.7% while total comps grew 2.6%. Its obvious that customers are finding value in our products, services and convenient close to home locations especially as gas prices skyrocket. On the Pharmacy side comparable prescription sales rose 2.8% in the quarter after adjustment for calendar shifts. The number of prescriptions filled in comp stores was 0.6% over a year ago. That compares favorably to an industry wide decrease of 1.9% excluding Walgreens. As you see were consistently beating the industry. As many of you know were facing a continuation of the slowest growing prescription drug market in 47 years according to IMS Health. Several things are driving this. First is the switch of the allergy drug Zyrtec from prescription to over the counter status earlier this year. Weve also seen fewer new drug interactions as well as some safety concerns over new medications. We believe the biggest impact has been the very tough economy. According to a July survey by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners 22% of Americans are reducing their doctor visits and 11% are scaling back on medication use. The good news is that we continue to gain prescription market share and now fill 17.6% of all retail prescriptions in the country. Thats up from 16.8% last fiscal year. Before turning the call over to Wade for more details on our financials Id like to give a quick recap of our competitive position. In fiscal 2008 we implemented our growth strategy through a number of short term and long term initiatives designed to deliver significant value to shareholders. First, were moderating Walgreens organic growth rate. This decision will give us greater operational and financial flexibility and it will also drive earnings growth in coming years. Wade will offer more color in a few minutes but its important to note that even while organic expansion slows Walgreens will remain one of the fastest growing retailers in the country. Second, our worksite healthcare acquisitions in our Health and Wellness Division are integrating well. With them weve established the foundation to provide compelling future growth across all platforms. Third, we have a relentless focus on reducing costs through disciplined control today and over the long term. You can see the evidence of that throughout the past fiscal year and especially in the fourth quarter. Fourth, weve expanded our leadership team to drive bold, creative and innovative responses to a rapidly changing retail and healthcare environment. This past summer we added Wade Miquelon as our CFO and Sona Chawla as our Senior VP of E-Commerce. Our latest addition is Kim Feil, the new Chief Marketing Officer we announced last week. Kim, previously CMO at Sara Lee will lead a new marketing organization to more effectively meet the needs of Walgreens customers and Pharmacy patients particularly for health and wellness. Before moving on Id like to note that we will not be discussing our previously announced proposal to acquire Longs Drug Stores. We remain committed to our proposal which we believe is a superior one but we wont take any questions regarding it during the Q&A. With that overview Ill turn the call over to our CFO.
Wade Miquelon: First Id like to reiterate and thank our people for the strong sales and cost discipline that continued throughout our company in the fourth quarter. We continue to position ourselves as the leading retailer in a very tough economy. Recapping sales we were up 9.8% for the fiscal year and 8.8% for the fourth quarter. We posted a total comparable store sales increase of 2.6% for the fourth quarter and a front end comp store sales increase of 3.7%.  Prescription sales which represented 56% of total sales rose 7.9% for the quarter and 2% on a comparable store basis. Net earnings per diluted share grew 6.9% in fiscal 2008 to $2.17. For the fourth quarter net earnings per diluted share increased 12.5% to $0.45. In the fourth quarter we had a $79 million positive adjustment for employee vacation accrual.  During our year end controls processes we discovered we had been historically over accruing for vacation versus our long standing policies. As this was not material to the year nor to any one historical period prior it was appropriate for us to true it up this quarter. To the negative we had heavier promotional spending than originally planned, several smaller adjustments, a higher than year ago tax rate and a fairly significant LIFO provision. The fourth quarter had a LIFO provision of $24.9 million which compares to a provision of $32 million a year ago. The total LIFO provision in fiscal 2008 was roughly $98.5 million versus a provision of $69.3 million in the previous year. We expect the LIFO provision to become a much larger item in fiscal 2009 as inflation continues. Well work to offset that to the extent possible through our pricing strategy but we believe that LIFO could be as much as twice our current rate in the upcoming year. One thing that were very proud of this quarter was our ability to control costs. SG&A expense dollars increased 5.5% benefiting from the vacation accrual credit. Net of this adjustment SG&A expense dollars increased only 8% which is less than our 8.8% sales gain in the quarter. SG&A benefited from excellent payroll control. Our store operations people from coast to coast did a terrific job of controlling expenses.  Looking at costs on a two year stack basis you will see that the fourth quarter SG&A dollar costs were 23.3% of sales or an improvement of more than four percentage points since the first quarter of fiscal 08. Thats excluding the benefit from this quarters vacation accrual adjustment. Comparing our fourth quarter SG&A costs over the last three fiscal years youll see weve reduced the growth rate by five percentage points. Turning to gross profit, total gross profit dollars in the quarter were just over $4 billion a 7.4% increase reflecting the slow growth rate in prescription sales and as mentioned the heavier promotional activity on the front end. Gross profit margins decreased 34 basis points to 27.64. Retail pharmacy margins increased due to a greater use of generics but total pharmacy margins were impacted negatively from the higher growth rate of specialty pharmacy which has a high dollar ring but a lower margin as a percent of sales. Front end margins were essentially flat and helping the front end was a shift toward high margin items such as our private label brand products but hurting front end margins were heavier than normal promotions as I just mentioned. Now lets look at our tax rates, our working capital and our CapEx. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 37% compared to a rate of 35% in the year ago period when we had some favorable adjustments. Accounts receivable were up 13% in the quarter driven primarily by third party sales and slower Medicaid payments by states such as California and Illinois. We showed continued progress and focus on inventories in the fourth quarter which were up only 6.8% or less than our 8.8% sales gain. Accounts payable increased 14.9% and this was primarily due to the timing a few major payments. Our net debt at the end of the fiscal year was $977 million compared to a net debt of $651 million a year ago. Our net debt included $82.7 million of short term debt, $1.34 billion of long term debt and this was offset by cash and cash equivalences of $443 million at the end of the year. Youll recall that in July we restructured our debt portfolio when we issued $1.3 billion in five year senior notes at 4.875%. With our strong financial footing we have the flexibility to ensure that drive our core strategies and evaluate opportunities as they may arise. We will continue to be disciplined, however, with our capital allocations, our focus on working capital and our continued sharp cost control. Capital expenditures including new stores, distribution centers and IT development reached $2.2 billion in 2008. Since our last conference call we announced a slow down in our drug store organic growth rate. That will lead to lower capital expenditures going forward. We expect to reduce organic net drug store growth rate from the current 9% growth to a long term rate of approximately 5%. Let me give you a year by year schedule for how well take that down. Well open 495 net new stores in fiscal 2009, 425 in fiscal 2010 and 355 in 2011. As Jeff said, that still makes us one of the nations fastest growing retailers. Many of you have asked why we decided to slow our growth rate at this time. I want to reiterate that our focused ROIC from new stores continues to be as robust as it was in the past but there are good reasons why we decided to moderate our growth. First and foremost it allows us more time to develop our management ranks and focus on improving the shopper experience. Improving the shopper experience to drive fierce loyalty with our shoppers and ultimately a larger basket size is one of the single biggest levers of value creation that we have and we are going to free up resources to do this. Secondly, we want the flexibility to continue to invest across our core strategies and be opportunistic if appropriate especially in this time of a very uncertain and very challenging economy. Lastly, for the reasons I outlined above and as a result of the increased earnings power over time we believe it will also help us increase our shareholder value. Now I would like to close my section with some thoughts related to the overall economic situation. It is our long standing policy not to give guidance but I do believe that its important that we continue to provide perspective to our stakeholders on the overall market dynamics and related factors that impact our business.  While we continue to grow our business and out comp the industry in both the pharmacy and the front end and while we firmly believe our strategies are absolutely the right ones to drive our business and shareholder value the market fundamentals pose significant challenges in these uncertain times. As we have talked before IMS status shows the slowest script growth rate in many decades and we continue to see our front end consumers under significant economic pressure from higher inflation and a growing unemployment trend. While historically our business has been more recession resistant than most there is no question that at least as we move forward there will be some challenging times for retailers especially to the extent that the macro economic variables such as inflation and unemployment continue to move negatively. Having said that I am absolutely convinced that we have the right strategies which are the enablers to win in even the toughest markets which we have historically done.  We will look to turn market challenges into opportunities so we will come out of this difficult economy an even stronger company than when we went into it. Well talk more to you about all the things were doing in this regard at our analyst day conference next month. With that Id like to turn the call over to our President, Greg Wasson for an update on implementing our strategies.
Greg Wasson: First I want to thank all of our employees across the company for their sales and cost control efforts this quarter. As Wade said, we are operating in a very tough economy but were taking care of our customers and doing everything we can to meet their needs. As I travel across the country Im overwhelmed by the support of our people. I believe they are the best in the business. I also want to commend our employee efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike; they were there to serve their communities and to help people when they needed us the most. Within five days of the storm we had over 200 of our 235 stores open in Southeast Texas taking care of customers and pharmacy patients. We were also one of the first retailers to reopen in Galveston to help out residents who didnt evacuate. Having spent the early part of my Walgreen career in Houston Im not surprised by the response and efforts of our folks to overcome a disaster like this. Now Ill spend a few minutes talking about the progress weve made on each plank of our strategy to grow earnings and create shareholder value. Our first plank is broadening access to our products and services for organic expansion and acquisitions. Were building an impressive network of healthcare access that combines our mail, retail pharmacies our in store health clinics, our worksite health centers with our specialty pharmacy facilities, our home care centers and our long term care facilities. Let me be clear on this point we intend to be the most complete and convenient provider of pharmacy and healthcare services in the nation. Today we offer most or all these services in markets across the country. The next step is tying them together into a single unmatched offering to meet the needs of employer groups and managed care organizations. Payers are looking for accessible low cost convenient healthcare during times of soaring medical costs. Simply put, were helping Americans meet basic healthcare needs with an affordable solution. Our second plank involves reinventing the customer and patient experience. Were in the early stages of a process intended to create a very convenient shopping experience in our stores. With the customer centric mindset were working across the company to offer an efficient assortment of products, price points and promotions. Were really looking forward to our new CMO, Kim Feil to help us identify and meet the needs of our shoppers. One early example which is available in our stores today is the Walgreen Prescription Savings Club. This club is making medications more affordable for more than 45 million uninsured Americans. Were proving the power of this program and our brand over the last two months as we kicked off an aggressive marketing campaign. As a result our membership has soared over the one million mark. In this economy people arent just looking for low cost alternatives, theyre searching for the best overall value. Thats where our brand reputation comes into play. Were offering patients a way to stretch their dollars without sacrificing safety, service, or convenience. Furthermore the Prescription Savings Club goes well beyond the discount generic programs at other retailers. We offer savings on more than 5,000 name brand and generic medications plus you can get any of more than 400 generic medications for less than a dollar a week. To top it off club members receive a 10% reward on all Walgreens branded products that can be used on future Walgreen purchases. Were very excited about the early success of this program. Our third strategic plank expands the pharmacy related healthcare services that we offer. One part of this effort is our new Health and Wellness Division announced last spring. Today we are the largest provider of worksite health centers in the country through our Take Care Employer Solutions Group. The division also includes the Take Care Consumer Solutions Group which manages convenient care clinics at our select Walgreen Drug Stores. Between the two groups our Health and Wellness division manages nearly 600 health centers. Our goal is to have 800 retail clinics and Employer Wellness centers in operation by the end of fiscal 09. Another area where acquisitions have helped us build out healthcare offering is Specialty Pharmacy. Were experiencing strong growth in this business as we become the provider for more and more payers. Today we are the largest independent specialty provider in the country. Earlier this month we were named one of two specialty providers for Premera a health plan serving more than 1.7 million members in four Western states. One of the big factors in winning this business was our ability to integrate specialty pharmacy services with our retail pharmacies and with our infusion services through our home care branches. Specialty pharmacy is increasingly important to us because its the fastest growing sector of pharmacy expanding at about 15% a year. The new products awaiting FDA approval in 2008, 80% are specialty drugs according to IMS Health. Fourth, finally our fourth plan supports the three I just discussed by developing the systems and capabilities necessary to carry them out. Were conducting an across the board review of our support and cost structure to place the right resources in the right spots. We want to ensure that our costs, culture, and capabilities support and enable our strategy. With that Ill turn the call back to Jeff to wrap things up.
Jeff Rein: Im proud of the progress were making. Were becoming a sharper, faster moving company thats more focused on customers. Were put the people and strategy in place for future growth. Were working hard to ensure were successful in a tough economy. Over the long term the impact of the baby boom generation on healthcare is too strong for prescription sales to continue their current trend. That means demand for our retail healthcare offering will be strong for years to come. As an affordable and accessible provider of high quality healthcare were positioned very well to take advantage of this long term opportunity. As Wade briefly mentioned well hold an analyst day conference on October 30th. Thats when well provide financial analysts with details on our plans for Pharmacy operations, the front end customer experience and other new insights that we havent offered before.  While you can listen online to the webcast of the presentation analysts who attend in person also will have a chance to meet our management team including the new members weve added over the past year. As we close out another record year at Walgreens Id like to thank all our supporters for backing us and we look forward to our prospects for successful fiscal 2009.
Rick Hans: That concludes our prepared remarks. Were now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: I want to ask about the promotional activity during the quarter which you called out more in your press release than your remarks. The press release essentially indicates you over invested, you did mention that but then it spoke to that youre going to ratchet back investments. One way to look at it is what would the quarter have looked like if the promotional activity youre going to ratchet back to had been in place during the entire quarter so that we can get a sense of how much over investment you think you might have put into the quarter.
Jeff Rein: What happened during the quarter is when I talk about over investment is we drove too many promotions to get folks into our stores. We want to be more targeted, we want to create value and we want to make sure from the customers point of view its a value. What I was talking about particularly in the press release and even at the conference before was we made this investment but people did not buy the impulse items that we thought they would in the past. Typically when people come in they buy the coupon items, they buy the promotional items and then the market basket typically goes up in a good way, in terms of profitability because theyre buying extra items. That did not really happen this time.
Wade Miquelon: Youre probably looking in the range of $0.01 to $0.02 per share in terms of heavier promotional activity versus what would have seemed to get for it.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: On the million members that you have in the Prescription Savings Club what kind of multiple of that are in your plans and if you look at those million members do you have a way of figuring out through your files which ones are net new pick ups or return customers who might have gone elsewhere and which ones are just customers who are joining the club to create savings for themselves?
Jeff Rein: Its actually been a very popular card right now. Our goal is actually several million. We hadnt given out a specific goal yet but I can assure its going to be several million. I know Greg has been intimately involved in that.
Greg Wasson: I do think theres tremendous up side. There are 40 million uninsured Americans out there so weve got a long way to go now that we have a million. As far as new patients I think what were really excited about is we just kicked off that marketing campaign on August 1, which was targeted to bring in new patients. Were seeing nearly 25% to 30% of the patients coming in since are new patients to Walgreens and we think that will continue to grow.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Thats of the one million its 25% to 30% to make sure I understand that?
Greg Wasson: Yes.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Of the rest that are just current customers does the economics of the plan including the membership fee and other things when you look at that, lets say the lifetime over a years worth of business with that customer is that net neutral or dilutive or accretive for that customer in terms of earnings for the stores.
Greg Wasson: Certainly a net positive. What were seeing with even existing customers who choose to use our Prescription Savings cards one is obviously youve got to consider the retention factor and two theres absolutely an increase in compliance with our prescription members. We think thats a good thing for healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby  Banc of America.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America :   As it relates to the healthcare strategy that seems to be a bit more dependent on acquisitions are you finding there are enough attractively priced platforms big enough to make a difference in the consolidated companys numbers or do you just still anticipate a lot of smaller deals over the next couple of years?
Jeff Rein: There are more opportunities. As you know healthcare is evolving very, very quickly right now. It is consolidating a bit so there are more opportunities. We typically dont comment on current and future acquisitions but I can tell you by putting all of this together we are becoming the affordable low cost accessible provider whether its the Take Care Clinics, the On site clinics at employers, the hospital clinics, the Walgreen Stores themselves, all ties together once again to bring folks easy into the system and save them money. There are more opportunities whether its big or small thats debatable at this point of course but I can assure you its all coming together and has been well received not only by the public but the payers and also the employees.
Robert Willoughby  Banc of America : You were quite clear a couple years ago I think in the annual report where your areas of interest were, theres not change to those listed areas?
Jeff Rein: Let put it to you this way, we are always looking at acquisitions. We are always looking at healthcare and we are always looking at our business model to make sure that we are going down the correct path. Something might have been going on two years ago. As you know the whole world has just changed in the last couple weeks. We are certainly open, were flexible, were adaptable and thats one of the reasons actually we brought new people into the company like Wake, Sona, Kim, Stan Blaylock, Hal Rosenbluth just brings a different perspective and gives us different ideas. I would say that were still marching forward.
Wade Miquelon: I would just say theres really no change in the standpoint that we continue to put it through the same filter which is number one were only looking at things that are on strategy and that means it really has to link to our assets and our capabilities it has to be strong for the core of that. Its got to have a strong financial payout. Finally, we have to believe were highly capable of executing with excellence. Well continue to use that filter as we go forward.
Jeff Rein: You will definitely not see get us get off track in terms of acquisitions or how it relates to healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: About a month ago you talked about the consumer and theyd really sort of gone into a shell mid July and beyond in terms of cherry picking. We have heard from other retailers things were a little bit tougher after Labor Day. Whats the update on where your consumer sits and are they still as cautious, did they get more cautious or what? Jeff Rein In terms of the consumer they are still being very cautious, they are very promotionally oriented, and theyre looking for value all the time. Theyre still buying products obviously. Its a good thing we are in a recession resistant type business. They still need their medication; they still need their toothpaste, toiletries and so on.  I think people are being cautious but actually for us thats not so bad because the products we sell, once again, they need them on a daily basis or that the small things in life like $5 toys or $10 gifts that make people happy. Its not all doom and gloom. For example, lets say Christmas sales, we expect to have a decent Christmas. I dont think its going to be spectacular but I think its going to be decent. People are not going to give us on Christmas; theyre not going to give up on Halloween. They still want to take care of themselves and their families, have some fun. Usually what happens for Walgreens is a poor economy is actually better for us particularly around the seasonal events because people are trading down. Once again most of the products that we sell are not that expensive. Its about the same as I mentioned a couple three weeks ago but still I think were in a very good position going forward.
Greg Wasson: Were certainly seeing in this environment an up tick in private label sales which also helped us overcome some of the margin pressures and additional promotional pricing. So its definitely an economy thats helping us with private label.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Have you guys rethought or will you rethink with your new marketing person the idea of a loyalty card and whether that can direct promotional dollars better or not.
Jeff Rein: That is one of the things under consideration. As you know Kim has a lot of experience in that area in that share came from IRI so shes not only a great marketing person but shes very, very analytical. We believe over the years our best loyalty card has actually been our SITES. We have class A SITES, weve put a lot of money into being in the right location, the best location but a loyalty card may be in the cards. Well certainly look at that when Kim comes in.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: In the quarter retail gross margin was up, pharmacy was up, front end was flat, so gross margin was up what would the retail EBIT margin have done. Im not sure what your retail SG&A dollars grew at. Would retail margin have been down for the quarter or not.
Wade Miquelon: I dont think we usually give that out. I think you can probably follow the math a bit across the lines but I think in general we dont give that out.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Going forward you think that its highly likely we will see overall margins up and front end up because of your pull back in promotional spend?
Jeff Rein: It depends on the buy; also as you know were being very careful on the inventory were putting into the stores. As you know we grew inventory less than sales this time so if the sell through is pretty good then our margins will come out pretty good too, so its a little bit of a wildcard. Were trying to be very, very careful on our promotion; we want to make sure they make sense. Keep in mind that when youre looking at our margins overall we are selling more specialty products and the margin was flat in the front end, it was up a little bit in the pharmacy, the retail stores.  The margin was squeezed by the specialty products that we are selling. As you know they do have a lower margin but high gross profit dollars.
Wade Miquelon: On the front end there is the balancing factor between promotional activity and in finding the sweet spot of good everyday pricing. In these challenging economic times we have to continue to make sure that we drive good loyal traffic through the front door. Again, I think were going to fine tune our approach to it in terms of using just promotions per se but theres no question that we cant be uncompetitive either.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Is this a new level of SG&A growth if you back out the vacation accrual 8% give or take is that sustainable?
Jeff Rein: We are committed to the cost discipline plan that makes sense to growing our company. We are very, very strict on this. There are opportunities not only at the store level but there are more opportunities at the corporate level. Believe me, going forward we are going to be very, very strong on this, very disciplined and make sure we do the right thing to grow our business.
Wade Miquelon: Were doing a lot of work to really understand a sustainable growth model both in best of times and more challenging and working backward from there to say how do we make all of our costs fit in that model, now do we stay agile and how do we make it something thats accretive consistently over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debra Weinswig  Citigroup.
Debra Weinswig  Citigroup: As regards to the front end can you maybe discuss where you saw strength in various categories and also on the lines of private label can you update us in terms of your current penetration and what your goals are.
Jeff Rein: What was the first part of the question, I didnt hear that.
Debra Weinswig  Citigroup: Where you see strength in the front end from a category perspective.
Jeff Rein: In the health and beauty aids very, very strong particularly in the allergy department and also in food just been phenomenal. People are looking for a bargain. As you know we carry a wide selection of food. People can use it obviously on the way home or anytime during the day. We carry a full line of milk, refrigerated groceries, and canned goods and so on. This has been phenomenal. Once again on the drug side were seeing a lot more people self medicate themselves. As you know doctor visits are down, theyre not generating the prescriptions as much as in the past. However, people are still getting sick and they do go in and see the Take Care clinic nurse practitioner, they do come in and buy the drug wall themselves so were seeing our drug sales be very, very strong on that respect.
Wade Miquelon: The other changing pattern were seeing too is were seeing a heavier shift towards private label as consumers are seeing good value. Were also seeing a shift in terms of overall traffic pattern we tend to see a bit of more frequent visits during the weekdays with slightly less on the weekends. I think this speaks to both consumers loading up on the weekend, maybe some of the larger stores but also seeing that were a good value on the weekdays with respect to the cost of gas and cost of time.
Greg Wasson: Weve seen about 100 basis point improvement year after year in private label and expect to see that continue to grow.
Jeff Rein: Private label has been phenomenal.
Debra Weinswig  Citigroup: On the Specialty Pharmacy side you discussed there is a negative gross margin impact as a result can you talk about what percentage of your business Specialty Pharmacy represents right now? I dont know if you can give any additional color in terms of gross margin impact.
Wade Miquelon: Specialty Pharmacy is in the 6% to 7% range of the total business. Again, its very high dollar range so its very high gross profit dollar per se but again those margin in that business are much smaller as a percent of sales. I dont know if weve given specific mix factor but you could probably do some back of envelope math and get a feel for it. The growth rates are very high in this area. Thats providing the mix effect.
Greg Wasson: Keep in mind that specialty patients bring a lot of traditional prescriptions along with them. Definitely a good customer to have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Im sorry to harp on the gross margin question but Im not sure I quite understand it yet. If I look at your gross margin in the year over year increase or decrease and if we x out LIFO, if you look at last quarter your FIFO gross margin was up six basis points and the pharmacy was up and the front end was down. This quarter your FIFO gross margin is down about 40 basis points and the pharmacy is up and the front end is flat.  The Specialty Pharmacy issue I think from a mix standpoint would have been there last quarter Im just not really sure what would have changed and does any of it have to do with the acquisition of CuraScript. I was hoping you would give us more color on that.
Wade Miquelon: If I fully understand your question, part of it on a year on year base is the acquisition of Option Care being folded in plus overall growth. That might be something that youre not picking up there because that was the subsitive mix effect.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Option Care was there last quarter or no?
Wade Miquelon: It was there last quarter but not year ago. Im not sure what youre reconciling to. We had two weeks of Option Care in this quarter only versus 12 prior.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: From an acquisition standpoint I think historically youve looked at organic growth as sort of a core competency and now it seems like acquisitions are becoming what you feel is more of your core competency in fact even bigger retail acquisitions. Can you help us understand whats changed over this time period?
Jeff Rein: I really wouldnt classify it as a change. Our whole strategy in terms of growth is to broaden access and connect all these points of care. Were still growing very strongly in an organic way. However, the industry, in terms of retail in particular is consolidating bit time. To have these broadening the access and having the points of care we want to make sure that we participate in this consolidation similar to what we did with Happy Harrys a couple years ago. If theres an opportunity were open to it.  I think before we basically said were just going to do organic growth only and that was that. As you know over the last couple years weve said were more open to these acquisitions that make sense from a strategic point of view. Were still going along the same path but once in a while there might be opportunities that its obviously very good for us and good for the shareholders.
Wade Miquelon: Remember as said before, that our potentially single biggest value creation lever is to make our good stores out there even better. Being able to have the energy to take our core and do more from our core is really a great place for value accretion too.
Jeff Rein: An example of that may be the file buys Wade was talking about in terms of our core stores. These file buys in terms of either a small chains or independents going out of business its a great, great opportunity for us. Once again, thats part of an acquisition but at the same time youre growing your core business.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: The $76 million is that after tax or pre-tax?
Wade Miquelon: The $79 million is pre-tax.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Mushkin  Jefferies.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Im trying to understand 09 I took it as being somewhat cautious in 09. From a gross margin we had a pretty nice hurt from Specialty on gross margin is this something we should expect as we move forward into 09. On SG&A we did have a lot of one time items that flowed through 08 on a positive basis and when we look at 09 what should our expectations be for SG&A. Is it possible to have flat earnings next year, what are you guys really saying about next year. It seemed like you were being cautious, Im just trying to understand how cautious we should be as we look at this.
Wade Miquelon: On Specialty youre certainly going to see a little bit of dilution over time because the Specialty business is growing faster than the core. Remember that things like the acquisitions weve done have made that disproportionate in the particular quarter. I think youll see a little bit of effect there but I think from a gross profit dollar basis its actually a very good thing and its a good ROIC business and its a good growth vehicle for us. On SG&A in terms of SG&A the key thing is what I mentioned earlier is that we are really looking at what our sales will be over time and working backwards to say whats the right SG&A structure. I think weve done a lot of good work in the last few quarter to get some low hanging fruit but well continue to be very aggressive to make sure theyre weeding out all of the costs that dont add value and having a model which is flexible and works in anything. In terms of flat earnings I dont want to go there. I think what I am foreshadowing is just that its a very challenging economic environment. I dont think anybody here can predict with the events of the last few weeks where things like unemployment will go over the next quarter or two or three. I think well just have to keep watching it. Right now weve done a very good job in this environment, were out comping the industry front end and back end. We do have a good cost control; we are effectively keeping our margins in general in tact. I also think its important for all of us in retail and across all sectors to make sure we keep a watchful eye on the consumer. I think the consumer is under quite a bit of pressure right now.
Jeff Rein: Im hoping youll be able to come to our analyst day conference at the end of October where were going to talk specifically about SG&A and programs and projects, initiatives that we have in place and going forward what were going to do about that.
Scott Mushkin  Jefferies: Getting back Bob Willoughby and Ed was also talking about your acquisition strategy, just to clarify a couple things, is the PBM still just off the table or is that something you now think fits a little better. I wasnt clear with the answer there. As far as on the retail side Happy Harrys and the one that we dont want to talk about are very different as far as your market share in those areas are and is something changed in that aspect that youre more open to things with a lot more overlap?
Jeff Rein: In terms of the PBM we havent changed our position on that. We think our transparent model has been well accepted in the marketplace and is the right path to go, the most profitable path to go. In terms of the retail acquisitions, if it makes strategic sense then we will go forward as long as it meets our hurdle rates and were getting value to shareholders then it is something well go after.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meredith Adler  Barclays.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: Can we talk a little bit about you mentioned shelf pricing and that you think you need to make some adjustment. Have you done any consumer research that gives you some sense of what consumers reception is about your shelf pricing?
Jeff Rein: We have done that and we do watch that all the time. We do competitive shops obviously; we have a consumer research department where we do look at what folks think about our pricing. What I was talking about earlier was the amount of promotional spend that we had to get people into the store particularly when we look at what we call rotos or the circulars that come out every Sunday in the Sunday papers.  In some cases we gave away more than we had to. Its always good of course to draw them into the store but then you have to be very careful of how you mark down products in the stores on a promotional basis. We just went a little bit overboard on that. Our shelf pricing, our everyday shelf pricing is good. We obviously look at the major competitors whether its Target, Wal-Mart, CVS, and Rite-Aid and so on to make sure that we were right for that particular market.
Greg Wasson: We certainly want to understand to the fullest and thats why the values were really look for Kim Feil to help bring us to really get out there and understand the consumer more and more what they see is value and what they dont. We certainly have a lot of focus in that area.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: I presume part of Kims tasks will be to figure out if you are less hot, less aggressive on your promotions, what thats going to do with sales, is that part of her mission.
Jeff Rein: That is working all of us together whether its market planning and research, advertising, purchasing, its an effort that gets together for everybody. Yes, we want to be very correct in what were doing. One of the things that Kim will help us do also is to present one face of Walgreens to the consumer to the customer.  Right now when folks come in sometimes its difficult when you go online or you shop in the stores or you shop Walgreen Health Services we want to make sure that we are really working on that patient, that shopper experience that is very, very pleasing to them and as Wade mentioned earlier that creates that sense of fierce loyalty.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: Id like to go back to talk about expense growth. I understand that this is a moving process that youre working very hard on it. Wade was kind enough to talk about the two year which is how I look at it and you had a very, very easy comparison this past year especially in the fourth quarter. The comparisons start to get easier and if you do a two year it looks like youre running 11.5% dollar growth is that something that we should see as for the near term sustainable? Obviously youve got an opportunity to do things in the future but I think thats a lot higher than the 8% that happened in the fourth quarter.
Wade Miquelon: The two year stack its a good longer term metric but I think the key thing is when it comes to SG&A sometimes youre only as good as your last quarter because of all the things that go into it. I feel very good about the 8% number that we effectively hit. I think its that we are making real progress in the short term. I think that weve got other things that were working aggressively. I think the trend there is very good and well continue to challenge all things and say do they add value or not. Are we best utilizing our resources?  Weve got to start with what we think our overall sales and gross profit are going and make sure that we engineer backwards to be efficient and accretive over the long haul.
Jeff Rein: The last two years if you look at fourth quarter 06 as shown on the slide we were at 28.3% growth for two years stacked now were down to 23.3% excluding that vacation accrual. We are making progress and yes there is more to go. We absolutely believe there is more to go not only in the stores but in corporate and the way we do things.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: Ive got a question about the vacation accrual Im surprised nobody asked this. The most conservative way to look at it is to say that all of it is one time. Its wasnt clear from your commentary what timeframe that was multi-year, was that just this year so if we wanted to add it back to come up with a run rate how much of it should we add back?
Wade Miquelon: I would say effectively as you know its a very large amount that why we called it out. It is a multi-year it goes over many, many years. It was not material in aggregate to this year nor any single year and thats why it was appropriate as part of this close to put it in this quarter. I think you could pretty much call the vast majority of it was one time in that regard as year end youre always going to have a lot of puts and calls so this was obviously a large unusual help item. We had several smaller hurt items that added up to a fairly large number too but I think for sake of transparency for the vast majority of this is all one time.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: My final question is back to Ed Kellys question. If I understand what youre saying Option Care was not in the third quarter numbers and was only partially in the fourth quarter numbers for last year.
Wade Miquelon: Two weeks of last year in the fourth quarter.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: I would have expected that Specialty would have had a similar impact on the two quarters because there really wasnt that much difference and yet that isnt what happened. Is it because there was very big growth in Specialty in between fourth and third quarters?
Jeff Rein: Yes, weve had very, very good success, once again being the largest independent provider and the services we provide, the quality well provide led by [Paul Mestropha] and company, theyre doing a fabulous job and we are winning more business.
Meredith Adler  Barclays: Im very excited about you having an analyst meeting but next year could you maybe not do it the same day that CVS and Medco report earnings?
Wade Miquelon: We are deeply apologetic for that. We will delay our day and start it a little bit later and were going to provide rooms, phones, lines for everyone so that they can dial in and do that early morning work as need be. Well make sure we try to as best accommodate everyone so that you can serve all ends.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: On the Specialty side obviously the gross margins are less there. Is there still a positive contribution note on the EBIT lines from that business?
Wade Miquelon: Absolutely, from an ROIC point of view as well its also despite the margin percent compression its also one of the best businesses we can invest in.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: In the fourth quarter and year to year basis that business helped the EBIT line, it was accretive to the EBIT line year to year?
Wade Miquelon: Yes, thats right.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: You talked about the reserve being twice in 2009 if I heard you correctly were you speaking in dollars or percent of sales and is that something that would also help your comps at the same time. Im trying to get a sense for how much of a negative that might be inflation being higher in the coming year.
Wade Miquelon: Its dollars, it really depends in terms of your ability to get out front and price ahead of it. So it could be a hurt or it could be a help. If you think about it, its sort of an accounting term so we dont necessarily want to be pricing to aggressively just to recoup that when maybe we should be looking at it from a FIFO basis. As a general rule of thumb Id say weve historically been pretty good at offsetting it. Again, its really a timing issue of how fast you can price in front of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Currie  UBS.
Neil Currie  UBS: One question about the real estate market where some of the problems were seeing in the banks I know traditionally one of your biggest competitors for retail space has been the high street banks. Are you seeing any signs yet of that competition easing or maybe even some SITES being available.
Jeff Rein: Thats a very good question; we have seen easing of the competition for good SITES. The banks started pulling back probably around six months ago approximately. Youre right; theyre actually one of our top competitors and really drove the costs up. They are pulling back big time and freeing us some SITES that we may not have ordinarily been able to obtain.
Neil Currie  UBS: The impact of that is it just more SITES available to look at or will those SITES that youre looking at become somewhat cheaper?
Jeff Rein: It is lower SITES; its also more negotiating power on our end.
Neil Currie  UBS: No chance to take advantage of that and maybe rescind some of the slower growth that youre expecting?
Jeff Rein: Were doing what we can; Im not quite sure what youre saying there.
Neil Currie  UBS: You talked about cutting back the store expansion program might there be some opportunities to accelerate it a little bit?
Jeff Rein: Not at this point. Were pretty much committed for the next two years. Well be down the 5% range for 2011. It does allow us though to make sure that we go after the very best of the best SITES. Once again, sometimes these banks pull away from an excellent location that we couldnt get otherwise and so obviously well put our priorities toward those areas that free up.
Neil Currie  UBS: I dont know if you saw the press release from Caterpillar to their employees where they are allowing employees to go to Wal-Mart to get tier one generics at zero co-pay whereas they have to pay $5 to go other drug stores. Do you have any comments on that and would you consider pulling out from that network?
Jeff Rein: Yes, we did actually see that press release. What it really gets into is what I talked about earlier in terms of transparency and the way our model is in evolving even more in the future. I know Greg has been involved in that
Greg Wasson: Obviously a pilot sounds like Wal-Mart but I think what it really shows I think Wal-Mart obviously is trying to go directly to employers and I think offer a solution for the employer. I think theyre really going to cut out the middle man in the process. I believe they believe that the middle man traps costs as we do. As you know, weve made two acquisitions in the employer wellness space. Were looking to get on campus with large employers, small employers across the country to do much the same thing to really provide value and help them lower their other healthcare costs correctly. I really think that its really focused on the intermediary within the healthcare and pharmacy benefit management systems.
Jeff Rein: These trap costs as you know theres profit pulls, whenever theres a middle man theres a lot of profit. Wal-Mart is attacking that and rightly so and thats our philosophy also. Were aligned with them on this particular issue.
Neil Currie  UBS: We see the fact that you spent a bit more than you wanted to on promotional expense and people are cherry picking the promotions and maybe not spending on other things in the store. Would having a loyalty card help some of these issues because clearly you get information what the customer is spending and you can target that spending somewhat more effectively. In retrospect do you think this is something you should have considered before now?
Wade Miquelon: I think we have lots of vehicles for loyalty. Loyalty is a multi-dimensional thing. As Jeff alluded to great real estate and great service and a great environment is kind of job number one. Prescription Savings Club is another vehicle we have other ones as well. Im not saying a loyalty card is good or not good but I think for it to work theres really two key criteria and number one is how to you differentiate it so its meaningful to people and provides real loyalty on things that they want versus just say price alone. Number two is you alluded to over time how do you really make sure that you mind the data in a way that is relevant to them. As Kim Feil comes in well continue to look at it say here are all the things were doing whether its Mega-Savers, our real estate platform, our PCS card are all those things right for loyalty or is there some other proposition? Its got to really go through that filter being differentiated, being meaningful and being able to be leveraged beyond the discount to make sense.
Neil Currie  UBS: I was thinking more from a practical point of view how can you get the data without having a loyalty card and analyze the effectiveness of your promotions and enable yourself to be less wasteful.
Wade Miquelon: I think the promotional effectiveness can be done. There are lots of tools to do that. I think its the segmenting that we obviously have a lot of data on. A lot of our shoppers not as broad as maybe a broader loyalty card but I think the benefit there lie in being able to do better segmentation.
Jeff Rein: There are a lot of point of sale tools that are out there that we utilize in terms of market basket and things of that nature. Also in terms of this spend what Id like to mention is we did spend, in terms of marking down products that we didnt have to. As you know, the average customer comes into our store for 1.6 items, they usually leave with 3.2. Where we went a little too far in the fourth quarter is we marked down items in the store that we didnt necessarily have to once we already got them in. I think thats a differential there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: I wanted to get Wades views on share buy back and dividends. As you look at other companies have kind of slowed their unit growth model, McDonalds and others we have seen them increase share buy backs and increase dividends to focus more on return on invested capital. If you just talk about your approach on buy back and dividends. Also, the single A credit rating is kind of sack re-sack for some time for you and as youre continuing to put acquisitions out there Im wondering if youre willing to let the single A credit rating go and does that change your approach to the sale lease back markets?
Wade Miquelon: We still remain committed as ever to keeping a very strong rating, really thats very important to us for lots of reasons, least not the credibility it gives us and the flexibility in the real estate market, the people that we work with. Were committed to that. In terms of share buy back we have done some in the past weve frozen that program for a while. Im not saying that we would never re-look at it but I think we need to look at all of our different choices in terms of organic growth, some of the opportunistic stuff and I think we also want to monitor this economy as we go forward. I think that there are some good scenarios and some tough scenarios out there and I think we want to make sure that we have enough flexibility, enough liquidity and a rating that is very, very strong which serves the end. Well put it through the filter then.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: It sounds like at this point acquisitions are still winning out over buy back and dividends is that fair to say?
Wade Miquelon: Only if they make good financial sense, good strategic sense and theyre within our capabilities.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: On the credit rating I guess the reason Im asking that is I know you dont want to talk about the Longs transaction but that one seems to put you in a position where maybe the credit rating would come to question, any comment there?
Wade Miquelon: The agencies have obviously written that an acquisition would certainly put some downward pressure on their point of view. We would still be very highly rated I suppose at the end of the day. I dont know what more I can say versus that. Over the long term here we are very committed to keeping very strong credit ratings.
Operator: That does conclude todays question and answer session. 
Rick Hans: Thats our final question. Thanks for joining us today. Remember well announce September sales this Thursday, October 2nd and well also be delighted to host you at our analyst day on October 30th. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be December 22, when we announce fiscal 2009 first quarter results. Until then have a great day and thank you for joining us.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-06-23 11:15:00) =====
: June 23, 2008 8:30 pm ET 
Executives: Rick Hans  Divisional Vice President Investor Relations and Finance Jeff Rein  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Wade Miquelon  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Bill Rudolphsen  Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer Greg Wasson  President
Analysts:  Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Mark Miller  William Blair Analyst for Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Debora Weinswig  Citi John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs Neil Currie  UBS Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey 
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the Walgreen Company third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Hans, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead. 
Rick Hans: Thank you Mickey and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Well start todays call with Jeff Rein, our Chairman and CEO discussing the quarters results. Well then introduce Wade Miquelon, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer who just joined us last week.  Bill Rudolphsen, who has moved from the CFO to the new position of Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer will provide additional details on the third quarter financial results. And Greg Wasson, our President will give an overview of our growth strategies. Following that, Jeff will give a brief summary and then be ready to take your questions. Before the Q&A, we will also be joined by John Spina our Vice President and Treasurer.  Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we may give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Id like to point out that todays call is being simulcast on our investor relations website, located at Investor.Walgreens.com. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. 
 : 
Jeff Rein:  Thank you Rick and good morning everyone. Today we reported a solid third quarter performance. In a challenging economy, we continue to successfully execute our strategies for growth while effectively managing costs. We reported record quarterly sales of $15 billion, an increase of 9.6% despite the impact of tight consumer spending. We had a touch comparison to a net earnings increase of nearly 20% in last years third quarter which was aided by blockbuster generic drug introductions. This years net earnings grew 2% to $572 million. That amounts to $0.58 per share, up 3.6% from last years $0.56 per share. One of the sales components that stood out in the quarter was our strong front end comparable store sales which increased 4.6%. Competitors simply cant match our convenient locations. Theyre the best in the business with 144 million Americans living within 2 miles of a Walgreens. Combined convenience with more promotional activity and we are positioned very well to win in todays environment. Both the number of customers in our stores and the average dollars per transaction increased this quarter. On the pharmacy side, the number of prescriptions we filled in comparable stores in the quarter increased 1.1% over a year ago, compared to an industry-wide decrease, excluding Walgreens of 0.9%. Industry-wide prescriptions continued to be impacted by a number of factors according to IMS Health, including the switch of Zyrtec from prescription to over-the-counter status, fewer new drug introductions, safety concerns over newer medications and the weaker economy. Despite these near term challenges, nothing will slow the impact of nearly 80 million Baby Boomers moving into their peak prescription use years. This is a very good business to be in for the long term. Thats why our growth will increase approximately 9% this year. And to attract more patients to our pharmacy services, were offering our prescription savings club to the public. The club goes well beyond generic discount programs by offering savings on more than 5,000 brand name and generic medications. Greg Wasson will talk about this a little bit later.  We opened 138 new drugstores in the third quarter, 17 more than the year ago period. So far in fiscal 2008, weve opened a record 420 drug stores compared to 339 a year ago. That resulted in a net gain of 370 drugstores after relocations and closings. Even with all those openings in the third quarter and investments in our Take Care health clinics, SG&A expense dollars increased only 10% over the year ago quarter. To put that in perspective, it is only the second time since the fourth quarter of 1995 that SG&A expense dollars have been held to an increase of 10% or less. We decreased the rate of store selling and expense growth and lowered advertising expenses. At the same time, our pharmacy service remained high as store level pharmacy satisfaction levels improved each month during the quarter. As a percent of sales, SG&A expenses at 22.1% were essentially the same as last year. Throughout this fiscal year, weve proven our ability to hold the line on expenses. SG&A expense dollars are up only 10.3% through the first nine months of fiscal 2008.  With that overview, Id now like to welcome Wade Miquelon as our new CFO. Wade officially joined us a week ago and is quickly getting up to speed with our people and the business. Wade comes to us from Tyson Foods where he was Executive Vice President and CFO. His excellent financial, strategic and operational experience at companies like Procter & Gamble will be a great benefit to us.  As the financial community gets to know him, Ill sure youll see why were so impressed with his strategic thinking and communication skills. In our press release announcing Wades hiring, you saw that Bill Rudolphsen is moving from CFO to lead our risk management area as our Chief Risk Officer. This new role is critical to Walgreens given our size, the growing complexity of our business and the highly regulated industry in which we operate.  Earlier this month we also announced the appointment of Sona Chawla to the new position of Senior Vice President of Ecommerce. Sona will join us on July 1 from Dell where she was Vice President of Global Online Business. Her hiring represents a significant commitment were making to take our online marketing and sales to a higher level.  Even with the hiring of Wade and Sona, we continue to be primarily a promote from within company. But as the industry and environment in which we compete change, we will look outside for unique abilities that compliment the expertise we develop in house. And now Wade would you like to say a few words please?
Wade Miquelon:  Thanks Jeff and good morning everyone, its a pleasure to be able to join in on my first Walgreens call today. While Ill only been on the job a few days and have an immense amount to learn, I can honestly say Im very impressed with everyone Ive met and Im extremely excited about all the opportunities that lay ahead of our company. Bill and his team are doing an excellent job of helping me to onboard and I look forward to meeting and spending time with our shareholders and the financial community in the future. [Now for the forward] to partnering with Bill and his team as he takes on the new and critically important role or Chief Risk Officer. And with that Ill turn it over to Bill to review the financials in more detail.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Thank you Wade. Looking closer at our sales, total sales in comparable stores were up 3.4% in the quarter. Prescription sales which represented 65.5% of total sales rose 8.9% for the quarter and 2.7% on a comparable store basis. Total gross profit in the quarter was $4.2 billion, a 9.3% increase compared to a 16% increase the prior year. Gross profit margins in the quarter decreased one-tenth of one percentage point to 28.2%. The growth rates this quarter for gross margin dollars and overall profits were impacted by touch comparisons to an unusually strong period a year ago. Thats when we were aided by the introductions of blockbuster generic versions of name brand drugs Zocor and Zoloft.  Front end margins decreased because of more promotional activities, many in the digital photo category. We also saw the sales mix shift to lower margin items. We also lowered our LIFO rate this quarter by 25 basis points compared to a 50 basis point reduction in the year ago quarter. That resulted in a LIFO provision of $16.1 million in this years quarter versus a LIFO credit of $3.5 million last year.  In the pharmacy, margins increased with the growth in generic drug sales. The effective tax rate was 37.3% compared to a rate of 35.2% in the year ago period. Last years quarter included a $13.5 million credit from the resolution of a multi-year state tax matter. We anticipate a tax rate of 37.1% for the fiscal year.  Accounts receivable were up 19.5% in the quarter, driven primarily by the Option Care specialty pharmacy and home infusion business we acquired last August. The remainder of the increase resulted from the normal increase in third-party sales. Inventories in the third quarter climbed 9.4%, less than our 9.6% sales gain. Total short term debt stood at $1.1 billion at the end of the third quarter. We will continue managing our balance sheet for maximum financial flexibility and to support our core growth strategy. Cash flow from operations totaled $2.5 billion for the year to date. And now Id like to turn the call over to our President, Greg Wasson for an update on growth initiatives.
Greg Wasson:  Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. First Id like to congratulate our employees across the company for their sales efforts and expense management this quarter. We received suggestions from nearly every department in every location and we found opportunities to reduce costs throughout the company. In particular, our store operations folks proved why they are the best. They controlled costs and they took care of our customers. Thank you. Over the last several months the competitive environment has clearly changed as the economy has slowed as the $4.00 gas impacts customers. At the same time, discount retailers and grocery chains are picking up their pace of promotional pricing, especially in the pharmacy, which theyre using to build traffic. Our advantages are that in addition to being price competitive, were better positioned with more convenient locations and enjoy a powerful brand reputation. I like to put it this, while many of our competitors have a pharmacy department, Walgreen is a pharmacy. Patients, employers and managed care groups look to us to be their low cost pharmacy provider. And were at the leading edge of healthcare cost management in retail pharmacy and beyond. Our specialty pharmacy and home care business, independent of a major PBM is attracting more and more interest throughout the industry. We now have about 550 combined worksite health centers and retail clinics to provide accessible low cost healthcare. In this time of soaring medical costs, were helping Americans meet basic healthcare needs. Were seeing strong momentum in the push toward electronic prescribing, which improves patient compliance and enhances safety. Weve been a strong advocate of this technology for more than 16 years and during this calendar year, we expect to fill 15 million electronic prescriptions, more than double 2007. As Jeff mentioned earlier, were also expending our prescription savings club, a cost savings solution for many people who need help paying for prescriptions. The club provides discounts on not just a select list of generics but also an additional 5,000 brand and generic medications. Plus members can get a 90 day supply of more than 400 generics for $12.99. And, they also get a 10% rebate on the purchase of Walgreen brand products. One of the most important aspects of our prescription savings club is that is encourages patients to have all of their prescriptions filled at Walgreens. Now only is that good for us but it allows our pharmacists to screen completely for dangerous drug interactions. Many patients dont realize that pharmacies cant access their prescription records at a different retailer. They dont know the danger in filling a generic at one retail pharmacy, an antibiotic at another and a brand name drug at a third. Our savings club is a great new product thats being well received by many patients, saving them money and were very encouraged by patient reaction to it. Meanwhile, our focus on expanding pharmacy services that are complementary to our retail pharmacies continues. This suite of services allows us to work with payers on a broad solution to lower costs. Our specialty pharmacy business, which is greatly expanded with last years acquisitions of Option Care is well positioned to deliver the growing number of specialty medications approved by the FDA and used by patients today. And of the new products awaiting FDA approval in 2008, 80% are specialty drugs according to IMS Health. As you can see by this slide, the Prime Therapeutics contract for specialty drugs announced earlier this year has basically doubled our access to Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans nationwide. We strongly believe that our independence from the major PBMs was a significant factor in winning this business. And our independence will help us to consistently win contracts over the long term. Clients are telling us they prefer to be aligned with a company that isnt involved in services with which they may be competing in the future. Many specialty drugs are infused or injected rather than taken orally. That means more demand for home infusion services. We took another step toward growing that business this month when we announced our acquisition of CuraScript Infusion Pharmacy from Express Scripts. This transaction will further expand our national coverage in home infusion services and get us close to 100 home infusion locations in more than 30 states. This quarter we also formed our Walgreens Health and Wellness Division to incorporate the acquisitions of I-Trax and Whole Health Management, operators of worksite health centers. Were on track with a solid plan to aggressively integrate these businesses. I-Trax and Whole Health were the top providers in their industry and weve combined their best people to create a powerful management team. Together with our Take Care health clinics, we can offer large company employees health plan members and their dependents access to health centers and pharmacies at their worksite and at our drug stores. Were already hearing a great deal of interest from clients for these services. We currently have about 550 retail clinics and worksite centers under our Health and Wellness Division, were ramping up that growth. We also have continued our expansion of pharmacies in hospitals and other medical centers to serve outpatient prescription needs. By extending our definition of Main and Main locations to prestigious health systems, were creating great value for the hospitals, patients and Walgreens. In closing, in the past 18 months, we have acquired and assembled a terrific set of assets, including specialty pharmacies, home infusion and home care facilities, worksite health centers, retail health clinics and pharmacies on location at major medical campuses.  The real value will come as we connect the dots for a complete low cost pharmacy and healthcare solution for payers. This gives us a closer relationship with employers and health plans, making us a more valuable healthcare provider. Now Ill turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Rein:  Thanks Greg. Not only are the adjacent pharmacy and healthcare services Greg just outlined an important part of our future growth, it will also center around our retail drugstore business, which is proving its worth to American consumers during this tough economic period.  Above all, were a drugstore and were proud of the success were showing, especially in our front end business as consumers turn to us for value and shopping thats close to home. Very few retailers can match our strong front end comparable store sales. At the same time, our comparable store prescriptions filled are outpacing the industry.  The opportunity for growing our business is as strong as ever, especially with the impact of the Baby Boom generation looming on the healthcare industry. Our growth strategy entails: first, broadening our customer access to an expanding store base; second, leveraging the best retail corners in America to improve their productivity; and third, expanding our platform of adjacent healthcare services to be the provider of choice.  To ensure the financial community has the complete picture of our value and growth strategies and how they enhance shareholder value, we intend to hold an investors day conference later this year. Well keep you up to date on the event as the details are arranged. I look forward to many of you joining us for the day when youll have a chance to get better acquainted with our senior management team. Thank you.
Rick Hans:  Folks that concludes our prepared remarks, were now ready for your questions. Mickey, may I have our first question? 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers.
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers:  Id like to start by asking a question about the infusion business youve got. You obviously have the capability to do infusion either at locations or peoples homes. Does your infusion business also give you exclusive rights to distribute or infuse those particular drugs or will you work with the drugs that are controlled by anybody?
Greg Wasson:  A little of both. Our goal is to be able to offer services that will work with, to support any pharma companys drug, infused drug. So were looking, we have access to just about all infusion product. Looking to gain access to those that we dont. But its not a restricted drug program if thats what youre asking.
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers:  Just in terms of the exclusive control. My second question is about kind of the connection between the Take Care facility and I-Trax slash Whole Health, the worksite health facilities. Do you anticipate that you will be able to provide the same kinds of services and range of services at the Take Care facilities that you offer on the worksite facilities or will there be a difference in the offering?
Greg Wasson:  Yes I think there will be a different portfolio of services. I think the worksite centers can provide everything from a range of physical therapy to acute care to primary care, workers comp programs and so forth. I think the real value is connecting the dots for the employer for the members and employees that are able to use those services at the worksite with our retail health clinics and retail pharmacies in the community which gives them a more complete network of care.  So the Take Care health care clinics within the retail stores will probably be more acute, more HR type wellness programs. We just recently launched [soft backs] through all of our Take Care clinics nationwide. So I think there will be probably a more intense and more disease management focus in the centers and then combined with acute care and wellness programs in the retail stores.
Jeff Rein:  One more thing to keep in mind also between the onsite clinics and the Take Care clinics is that well also be able to take care of retirees and dependents because when youre dealing with the employer onsite, you only have the employee. This gets them very familiar with the Walgreen name, it gets them into our system and well be able to serve their whole family, once again the dependents and the retirees.  We think the two will tie together very, very well. So wherever they need care, whether its at home or work, we will be there and thats the main intent of trying to integrate all of these together.
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers:  One follow up question with that is about technology. To really make this effective, do you think you need to make significant investments in technology? Its clear that theres probably a demand for on the part of employers to have a repository of all kinds of healthcare information about their employees, is that something that you anticipate being involved in?
Jeff Rein:  Absolutely, were involved in that right now. Were integrating all of them. As you know were working with outside companies, it could be Google for example, could be Microsoft. So there is a demand, its still an evolving business. There will be some money and resources that we will put into technology to make it happen.  But one of the most important points that we can do is to make sure that there is one face for Walgreens and that the patient is able to integrate it across all the different companies. So basically what they see is one company and we take care of them no matter where they are.
Greg Wasson:  If I might add, thats one of the reasons all three of these companies, Whole Health, I-Trax and Take Care really appealed to us as all three of them have state of the art systems, Take Care has a great EMR, Whole Health and I-Trax have great operating systems which will help us leverage that technology.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: The progress on SG&A at the store level, it looks like SG&A per store is actually now running flat year over year and you commented the sort of historic low level of SG&A growth. Can you just talk a little more about specifically whats going on there thats different than what weve seen in prior years when that number was growing more like 15%?
Jeff Rein:  Sure, about 60% of the relative savings this time was from the payroll at store level. There was some mixture in there of expenses and advertising control. What were really doing is making sure that we targeted our sales and targeted our budget on a weekly basis.  I think what happened before is that the payroll got away with us because we did not really follow our budgets. If you get budgeted sales and of course you get budgeted hours, if youre above sales you get more hours and conversely if youre down in sales then you get less hours.  So weve taken a more proactive approach. Weve gotten more Operations Vice Presidents, District Manager and Store Mangers to pay attention to what is going on in their stores on a weekly basis. So once again it all comes down to discipline and focus. Thats a big difference from before.  Also as Greg mentioned, were getting more suggestions about how to really watch out for what we call duplication in terms of expenses. Are we doing things that we really need to do or just things that we want to do?  Big difference there, so were really focusing on what we need to do, were focusing on investing the business where it makes sense for the long term and being very, very careful on spending these expense dollars, keeping in mind were only a $0.03 company, $0.03 net to sales. We have to be very careful and very aware of that.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: On a go-forward basis, I think you previously talked about SG&A growing 11-12%, is that what you think is the number? Is it now 10%? So I guess whats the number and how long is that sustainable?
Jeff Rein:  Weve put out there the 11-12%. Of course part of it is related to net store growth of course. This year were going to be up a little over 9%. And so holding down those expense dollars artificially, it would not be wise to do because we dont want to hurt service levels.  We certainly dont want to hurt going after new businesses. You know about all the acquisitions weve done, not only in the business itself but obviously expertise and different people. So our goal right now is still out there at 11-12%. We want to be smart about it but we are absolutely focused on making sure we manage it properly. And if we need to be under that level, 12%, we certainly will.  A lot of it is tied into the gross profit dollar increase. And youve seen that chart over time where its pretty well matched up. Where the gross profit dollars are decreasing, we will absolutely decrease those gross profit expenses.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: And I guess within this, do you feel like youve got visibility into the service levels at the store to know that youre not cutting too much?
Jeff Rein:  Absolutely, boy that is something were really focused on. We have what we call KPIs, key performance indicators. We have the mystery shop where we have an outside company shopping our company to give us feedback, they talk to the employees or they dont even identify themselves and make notes of whats going on.  Plus we use a receipt survey where after a customer purchases something, there is an inducement, if youve seen our receipt to actually have them call in or use the internet to give us feedback on how were doing. And we know exactly what store that that is being measured against.  So yes, we are extremely aware of whats going on. Plus the other thing that weve done, really stepped up is in terms of night checks and making sure supervision is in the field. We absolutely have to do that. 
Greg Wasson:  Every morning at 6:00 am I can come in at my fingertips and read sales, ready payroll and read customer satisfaction. So we have visibility.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research: And then secondly, the comment that was made about the front end promotional environment, could you just characterize it? I know the front end is always competitive but you mentioned grocery and mass, can you just talk a little more about how competitive that front end promotional environment is and is getting and sort of is this is as bad as it gets or does it get worse from here?
Jeff Rein:  Well what were seeing is that people are absolutely shopping for a value. And with Walgreens convenience and our promotional pricing, they do get that value. We are seeing a trending up of ad sales. So items that we run on promotion or what we call mega-savers, that in store promotions, we are seeing an uptick in those particular sales. People are a little bit more price conscious, they definitely are trading down.  However, that does help us when they trade down for the private label products. As you know our private label products are just as good, if not better than the brand products. So we give people a value, they shop us, its working out very well. I cant say if this absolutely the worst, I dont know that, hard to predict. But I can tell you based on our convenience, being close to home, close to work and people only thinking of 1.6 items coming into Walgreens, they absolutely are using us more and more.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Miller  William Blair.
Mark Miller  William Blair: Can you talk about what has changed in the environment that has the company exceeding its goal for store openings this year? Theres some thought that slowing down perhaps you could get your real estate terms and how are you thinking about balancing this pursuit of long term growth with nearer term performance? And then final part of this question is how do you think about ROI on new stores versus buying back your own stock as an investment?
Jeff Rein:  On the first part of your question, as you know Mark, many of these sites were approved 24-36 months ago. It typically takes anywhere from the time its approved in real estate to the time it opens is about 24-30 months, there are some outliers of course that can take longer. So in terms of whats going to open next year, the 9%, sometimes the authorities work with you, sometimes they work against you. In this particular case, many of the sites that were opening, we actually went through the entitlement process a little bit quicker than we anticipated. Going forward, its interesting that we are seeing, we do see some weakening in terms of occupancy costs. So where theres been a lot of emphasis on the home market, we are seeing some emphasis now on the commercial market where those prices are decreasing which is a really welcome sign.  In terms of construction, that has been going up for concrete and steel and so on, but we also have come up with different designs with our stores to take out costs out of the store which actually works real well.  The percentage increase this year will be over 9%, but that was really not by design once again. In future years you will see that percentage going down. Weve always said organic growth would be around 8%. Sometimes its higher, sometimes its lower and you can track that over the years of course.  Going forward, I do see that percentage edging down though because this is about as many stores as were going to open this year and next, it will be about our maximum absolute number of stores in any one year.  In terms of the ROI and looking at the stores, our mature stores do make over 15% and thats what were looking for. It is true in the first few years that ROI is less, obviously because theyre new stores and they lose money. Over time, a mature store, we absolutely look for over 15%. Bill do you want to have a little comment please on buying back stock?
Bill Rudolphsen:  I do want to comment on that, we have been able to generate a consistent return on investment over time, even growing our store base at 8% so it has definitely worked out for us. And just to echo Jeffs comments, a mature store over three years old will generate a 15% return on investment. So our best investment is continuing growing our company at an 8% clip in store growth. We are looking to maintain a debt to cap ratio in the 50% range and we want to maintain our credit rating. Were still growing our store base rapidly. We are able to get 75 year flat term rents based on our credit rating and thats how were going to continued.
Jeff Rein:  Mark also in terms of new store growth, keep in mind that were in an industry that the pie is expanding, many industries are cutting back or shrinking, we are expanding, particularly with the Baby Boomers getting older. I think youre going to see a great explosion of folks taking drugs, whether its Obama or McCain coming in, both of them have talked about increasing utilization of drugs, they want more access to drugs by people to help control total healthcare costs.  So theres a lot of opportunity for us, most people choose a pharmacy based on location, whether its closest to home or closest to their office. So we want to make sure that were positioned very well in the future. 
Mark Miller  William Blair: On the SG&A growth, could you help us disaggregate what is the change in the growth rate of comp store expenses you talk about lower rate, [inaudible] store salary and expense growth, how much would be coming from new stores? I recognize its not one for one, in other words these stores have a lower expense rate to begin with. And then how much would be if you could tell us the year on year change for the Take Care clinics.
Bill Rudolphsen:  On a comp store basis, were looking at SG&A growth in the range of 4%.
Jeff Rein:  And also Mark on the Take Care clinics, we have put out there $75 million as a drag on earnings. Were still intending to hold it out right now. Obviously well be able to measure more properly as we go along. But right now I would still have $75 million in your model.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan.
Analyst for Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan:  Thanks its actually Mike [Mitchak] in for Lisa. First off, in terms of your healthcare offering and how youre marketing the various pieces that youve assembled to the payer community, I was trying to understand whether you have separate sales teams that are in place for each of those various components or whether youve united them all under one common banner?
Rick Hans:  We have what we call our managed care sales team which is more of a generalist organization where theyve had the relationships over the years with the managed care and PBM payers, with the pharmacy directors and so forth. That group is leveraging those relationships to bring in the specialists that lie within the individual business groups.  For example, Mike Nameth who used to be with Wellpoint is running our PBM and specialty. You know hes got a group of experts thats helping sell our specialty business. Paul Mastrapa who now leads Option Care and our Home Care division has a great group of sales folks that understands that business. Take Care, Hal Rosenbluth and so forth. So weve kind of got a generalist team where we bring in the specialists as we get the opportunities.
Analyst for Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan:  Now that healthcare does make up a larger portion of your business following some of the recent acquisitions, do you have any plans or are there any requirements to increase the disclosure around that segment in particular?
Jeff Rein:  We will do that as soon as it hits our 5% mark. Right now its all under our Walgreen Health Services.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: On your digital photo promotional strategy. Can you maybe talk about how much of the overall front end gross margin pressure is from lower digital photo prices? And then are you pleased with the return youre getting on this investment and how do you measure that?
Jeff Rein:  On the photo we have lowered the prices as you remember we did that last October. It is definitely a drag right now because we wanted to make sure that we are competitive. We do see the photo volume moving up but once again on the margin itself as you know its extremely high margin business.  But it does hurt the margins. However, I can tell you that once again it does bring people in. Competition has lowered their prices so we obviously matched that. But we have one of the top rated photo websites around. Keep in mind that what really helps us in terms of convenience, once again, you can upload your scripts form anywhere in the company and pick it up at any other location in the company.  So if your daughter wants to upload scripts to you and pay for it which would be nice of her to do, you can actually pick it up at a pharmacy near you or a location near you. Its still a very, very viable business. We obviously measure the ROI on each of the components. One of the things that in that department that were doing is expanding other services.  So if you look at the DHL services, if you look at printer cartage refills, those are all high volume high margin businesses. And Greg I know youve got some really good training programs going on to make sure we really increase those sales, do you want to mention that? 
Greg Wasson:  Yes I think Id go back to the, when we talk about our strategy in the second bucket as leveraging the box, thats exactly what this is doing. With our photo customers that were bringing in are attracted to a lot of the many additional services were looking to expand, the DHL and the inkjet and so forth.  Were going to have a little over half of our employees trained this coming month on DHL as we roll DHL out to all stores by the end of the year. Weve got some very good training programs now that drive incentives and opportunities for our photo folks to grow sales and earn commissions. So were really excited about this area.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: At some point here and I guess its probably October, November, youll start to cycle this. So what Im trying to figure out though is just how much pressure its creating on the gross margin now. I mean it sounds like it could be more than half of the decline in the gross margin. Is that fair?
Bill Rudolphsen:  Its less than that but there is an impact on the margin and its true that we would be cycling this in October. And we are definitely seeing some softness due to less travel out there and more promotional activity. But it is less than half of the impact on the front end margin I can say that.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: And then one last question, I want to understand the questions and your answers earlier on the expense control. If we continue to see sales kind of at current levels and lets fast forward to next year. It sounds like you have the ability to grow SG&A less than the 11-12% in that type of situation. Is that what you were trying to imply earlier?
Jeff Rein:  Yes, that is very true, yes its not just implication but it is something that we are focused on doing, absolutely. We really watched the gross profit, we are really focused on do we need the expense, do we have to have the expense, is it best to spend that money for the benefit of the company? So yes, the bottom line question and answer is yes.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: And just with the inflationary environment we have today, just fuel obviously but youve got the issue of price inflation as well on your cost of goods, does it make it more difficult to do what you were just talking about?
Jeff Rein:  Only in the sense that youre looking at probably payroll, electricity and things of that nature. But in terms of cost of goods, as you know, we would pass that along just like other retailers are doing, were very, very competitive, we make sure we shop the competition. But if theres price increases and inflation coming down the pike which I believe there will be, then we will pass those on to consumers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Debora Weinswig  Citi.
Debora Weinswig  Citi: In terms of the Take Care clinics, obviously theres a lot of competition out there right now, can you remind us what the competitive edge really is for Walgreens and how you see that developing going forward as well?
Jeff Rein:  The competitive advantage for Walgreens is were very focused on having a quality experience in our Take Care clinic. If you look at our clinics versus the others, weve been rated one of the top ranked ones around. Thats because we have two exam rooms, we have a table, we have hot water. We also have strict protocols for the nurse practitioner and theyre based back near the pharmacy.  So if you look at the environment and the feedback that weve had from physicians, customers, patients and nurse practitioners, we have one of the highest quality experiences in all of retail. Once again, based on our convenience and our attracting of quality people and being accessible to people, whether its at night, weekends, I believe it differentiates us from the competition.  If you look at the some of the competition, theyre actually going back and redesigning, reformatting their clinics to bring them up to the standards that we have. We also have certain clinics within the industry that are owned by other folks, not Take Care, but that are actually going out of business, theyre pulling up shop because they cannot match the expertise and the quality that we are offering our patients.
Debora Weinswig  Citi: And then can you also elaborate a little bit on the Walgreens prescription savings club. How are you making sure that your customers in store are aware of the club and also how are you reaching out to those customers who maybe arent yet in your stores?
Greg Wasson:  I think as far as in store, thats where were really excelling right now. We obviously have in store signage, our folks who know how to execute are talking to folks and explaining the value of the card. So I think weve done very well on the in store, with the in store segment. As far as the external, were launching a major campaign as we speak.  We absolutely do think we have a great product, we want to get it out there. We want the doctors to know about the card, we think theres great value for them to be able to talk to patients who are struggling with prescription costs to let them know about it. So were really looking forward to ramping up our marketing effort externally.
Jeff Rein:  On interesting fact is that only 7.5% of the people that come into Walgreens actually go back and get a prescription. So theres a great opportunity to make sure people know about the prescription savings club card on the front end. People who never make it back to the pharmacy that didnt even realize the savings that are involved.  And Im telling you this 400 generics for $12.99 for a 90 day supply is a great value. Its a little over $4.00 a month of course, and you talk about convenience, that really plays into convenience and access and savings very, very well.
Greg Wasson:  And the potential as you know is huge, theres 47 million uninsured out there, theres many more millions that are under insured. We think weve got a great product to help them control their prescription costs.
Debora Weinswig  Citi: And it also seems just from looking on the website that theres also coupons that youll be giving to customers just for them inquiring about the club. So there is a definite kind of aggressive marketing strategy behind this?
Jeff Rein:  There is, were using the internet more and more. We did find out for example during Medicare part D that that was very, very effective for us to give people coupons just for coming back to the pharmacy and talking to our pharmacists and staff about the savings they can do and the services that we do have. So youre right, the onsite works very, very well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: You mentioned the competitive environment but you would think in light of pharmacy sales and this lull in generic activity that there would be more competitive fallout, independents and smaller regional chains, maybe then some supermarkets that weve seen. Are we seeing that, are we going to see that, wheres the market share opportunity for you there?
Jeff Rein:  Youre darn right on that, were seeing fallout left and right. Its interesting when Medicare part D first started, a lot of the independents were on the fence so to speak, should they get out of the business or not. Now they are definitely getting out of the business.  I also see smaller regional chains for example that cant have the resources or dont have the resources to put into technology, updating their format, things of that nature. So theres a great opportunity and that comes back a little bit to our store growth. Thats why its very, very dynamic here.  And as people fall down and fall apart and are no longer with us and I can assure you they will be, thats where we will be to have a site in the trade area that will take care of people. So youre exactly right, the opportunities for us in the next three to five years because of the fallout of people going out of business is just tremendous for Walgreens and were going to take advantage of it.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Is there enough market share opportunity to get you back to your long term profit growth rate in the interim here or does that require a better economy and a better group of generic drugs coming on the market?
Jeff Rein:  I think this is a lull right now in prescriptions in general. As you know, prescription usage is down for various reasons, part of it is the economy of course. Part of it in our numbers is Zyrtec by the way. That was a 70 basis point drag on the quarter. Part of it is the scare of what pharmaceuticals do, for example the Heparin, Vytorin, some safety issues, people are a little bit more scared.  But I do believe that IMS is saying that theres going to be a 4-6% increase over the next three to five years. And I think you will see, once again our growth being spurred on by whichever administration is in power. Both Obama and McCain have come out very strongly in saying drugs do help control healthcare costs and we want better access for the American public to these prescriptions.  That is going to happen, its absolutely going to happen. So once again this is a lull, I do see us getting back to our normal growth rates and were going to be well positioned to take advantage of it.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Whats going on with discussions with other PBMS with regard to, I dont know if it would be a joint venture, working together to bring new programs to the market. Is that fertile at this point or not really going anywhere?
Jeff Rein:  We are definitely talking to the other PBMs. As you know CVS Caremark manages about 15% of the prescriptions at Walgreens, that leaves 85% of the prescriptions that are managed by somebody else and we are definitely talking with those folks. 
Greg Wasson:  Id echo just that, I think that we have several of the payers, the PBMs out there that do not own mail or specialty that we work with very closely. Were expanding those relationships. Were also working with the managed care plans that are out there as Jeff said. Prime for example is a great example of the [inaudible] in our specialty relationship, were looking to work even closer with them.  Certainly the remaining large PBMs have been more interested in talking to us as weve talked about in the past since the merger. So were really working closely. Were really targeted on the Blues as you know.  And as Jeff said, the premise to our strategy is that we absolutely believe that our large vertical integration between a PBM and a retailer creates competitive conflict between the rest of the payer community. And there are 85% of the lives out there being managed by many payers that we want to work with more closely.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Neil Currie  UBS.
Neil Currie  UBS:  I just wanted to dig down a little bit more on new store productivity. You talked about the 15% ROI on maturity but at any one time you have a lot of your stores which are less than three years old. And just looking at your pharmacy volumes in same stores, a lot of the stores that contribute to same store volumes are the ones between two, three, four years old.  And it does seem that the gap between yourselves and the rest of the market seems to have narrowed. I mean youre opening 8-9% square foot a year, your pharmacy volumes are just about positive, obviously the rest of the industry is slightly negative, but the gap, historically has been somewhat higher.  So Im wondering whether a couple of things are happening here, whether Wal-Mart is having more of an impact than we think on overall volumes hence the introduction of the savings club or whether recent new stores that are in that sort of two, three year age, whether they are continuing to drive the sort of comp growth that they have traditionally. Can you just comment on that?
Jeff Rein:  The first five years, under five years, the new stores are definitely a drag on earnings. On average it takes stores three years to become, to hit that breakeven point and then they start growing from there. I think one interesting thing that you might want to consider in terms of narrowing of the spread and it has narrowed a little tiny bit is our competitors number one are consolidating.  So theyre doing two for one locations, theyre putting two stores into one store. And also were going into markets that are more difficult for us, they take a little bit longer to grow and weve talked about that in the past, thats California, particularly Southern California and the Northeast. Those stores once again take a little bit longer to hit their breakeven point.  And since were not as well known, it takes longer to build up the pharmacy business. It is interesting though that in looking at numbers from IMS is that we are still having a significant spread between us and the competition and of course you can look at those numbers and see that our spread is still very significant on a month to month basis.  So there has been a little bit of narrowing over the last I would say three to four years. Part of that is the competition is stronger and getting stronger. But once again our spread is still very significant compared to the industry.
Neil Currie  UBS:  And just on the Wal-Mart $4.00 generics and $10.00 90 days, its not just Wal-Mart anymore, its a whole host of discounters and it seems that supermarkets are gradually starting to move towards that pricing. Is this becoming more of an impact on the cash business hence as I say the introduction of your savings club card?
Jeff Rein:  Thats one of the reasons that we came out with the prescription savings club card. Keep in mind that the cash business at Walgreens, depending on the month is in that 5-6% range. So even though its not part of our total business in terms of how big the impact is, it is still part of our business.  But this prescription savings club card as Greg mentioned has been very, very well received by our patients and customers. And well make more inroads in the future. Were having approximately thousands and thousands of signups a week that are absolutely taking advantage of this and will be good for us in the future.  So once again, people are getting more aware of the cost of medications. But when you come back to our convenience and the stores that we have opened and the hours that we have open, we will definitely win out.
Greg Wasson:  Keep in mind that the majority of our business is indeed contracted with third-party payers where members have co-pays and many generics at $5.00 or less in some cases. So as far as the third-party business, we absolutely believe our convenience is a major factor. And we think that the PSC will help us gain share in that cash customer.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: I wanted to hone in a little more on your comments that some of this IMS data may be weak because of the economy. Are you seeing different compliance trends in different parts of the market and have we seen any drop off in prescriptions more in the California or Florida region or anything along those lines?
Jeff Rein:  Yes, a couple things that are happening that weve heard and seen. Number one, people are actually splitting their medications to make sure they go further. They are skipping doses, in other words theyre taking their dose every other day. And certain medications you wouldnt be able to tell the different short term, for example on high blood pressure medication, if you skip a dose or skip a day, you probably wont feel a difference. Same thing with statins.  California and Florida have been difficult. As you know theyve been hurt terribly by the economy. And we are seeing impact there. But overall we are continuing to pick up market share across the nation. Even with the introduction of the Wal-Mart $4.00 program, we have increased our market share since that time. So even though theres a lull in prescriptions right now, I do believe it will come back and many of these factors in my mind are temporary.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Maybe you could just talk a little bit about how generics were for you in the quarter. Was it helpful or how did it compare versus last years?
Jeff Rein:  The big difference this quarter in terms of the profitability is we lost Oxycontin. If you remember Oxycontin was a pain medication that went from generic to brand. That was a significant hit in terms of earnings. Otherwise everything else was pretty much normal.
Greg Wasson:  We were also cycling the effect of Zocor and Zoloft going generic last year. So just to repeat, we had phenomenal increases in gross margins last year and they were a little bit soft compared to last years introduction of those two blockbuster drugs.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Just a general comment, I just get the impression that of all your adjacency acquisitions, youre not really getting much credit form the investor community on those and a lot of them have been smaller individual deals. But in total there are several of them and Im just curious if you could characterize what kind of accretion the group would have in terms of EPS impact over maybe a three to five year period.
Jeff Rein:  Thanks very much for recognizing that, we appreciate that comment because thats exactly whats happening. Even though they look small, in total they are big. And keep in mind the expertise that were getting with this. Healthcare in America is changing and its evolving.  People are looking for a reason and a value to pay for services and they want to make sure that we can influence outcomes. We are absolutely doing that. Greg has been absolutely intimately involved working with WHS in really leading up these efforts in terms of the integration of our health and wellness area.
Greg Wasson:  Thanks for the suggestion, I dont think that were getting the credit and recognition we should. I think over the past 12-18 months weve assembled a national infusion platform thats second to none I believe out there with a big pipeline of infusion specialty drugs coming at us. The MedMark acquisition with the expertise we got there from Stan Blaylock and his group has really provided us a scalable platform that were linking to the infusion platform as we speak.  I think we picked up the best in store retail clinic provider in Take Care that was out there. I think Hal Rosenbluth and his group is bringing us a ton of experience. A couple of the top providers in the wellness space, I-Trax and Whole Health and that has come together, weve assembled a strong management team there and weve got a heck of a platform.  The real value now comes between connecting the dots between the two as I talked about. I think all of these what theyll do is the way we look at these is not only do we see these businesses and these adjacencies providing huge growth opportunity as we go forward but they also accelerate the drug store business for us as well. So were really bullish on this and thank you for the question.
Jeff Rein:  One more thing to reiterate, all the time that weve been doing this, particularly over the last three quarters, we have managed to keep our expenses in check. Were very, very focused on growing businesses that make sense and obviously cutting back on items that do not make sense.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Do you have any way of quantifying the total accretion we could be thinking about a couple years out?
Bill Rudolphsen:  We havent laid out a lot of details there but we have talked about some of the larger acquisitions and we would place accretion anywhere from $0.05 to $0.10 per share over the next three years.
Operator:  Your final question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: You mentioned the fact that new stores in the aggregate will be plateauing here over the next couple of years. Is there any difference in terms of just the profile of new versus existing markets that youre going into and owning versus leasing?  And then the second part is that thinking longer term, many years down the road and knowing maybe that you guys would go international, are there any international markets that to you seem most similar to the US in terms of how its constructed that would look most interesting to you?
Jeff Rein:  On your first question in terms of profiling, what the stores look like, we look at a trade area. We look at the demographics and other things in that trade area, we have many different metrics we look at. But in terms of profile of the store, I wouldnt say theres anything necessarily different about them except the selection of merchandise inside.  Sometimes theres a little difference in the way the stores look, but thats based on community approvals. But we do have many projects going on and one of them is facing department management, one is optimization of the SKUs in that store. So you always want to have that local flavor that matches the demographics and matches the wants and needs of that particular clientele.  But once again theres opportunities across America in all the different trade areas. It could be in markets that were not heavily in right now or it could be in markets like Chicago, Memphis, St. Louis and so on to some that were already in that were doing very well that we want to dense up even more.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Right now our target roughly is 20% owned, 80% leased. And that will probably continue on for a while but well have to evaluate that if we do plateau or growth in the future. Well have to continually evaluate our capital structure. But thats where were settling in right now to protect our credit rating.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And on the market, so you would expect the ratio between new and existing markets to be about the same as it is?
Jeff Rein:  No, weve actually hit almost all of the new markets that are, as you know were going into Washington DC, weve got over 200 approvals in the Northeast right now. Were all over the country, in fact we recently announced Alaska right so that will give us 50 states. So were okay there. But where we have an opportunity is to dense up in many markets. When you dense up you take advantage of costs, supervision costs, advertising costs, distribution costs, you can spread those costs out of a wider base.  And in any one market theres always a tipping point where you build you build you build and you hit that tipping point and then your profitability explodes. And theres many markets that are in that camp. So once again in terms of beach heads, we really are across all of the United States.  Getting back to your question also in terms of international, as Greg was talking about earlier on healthcare services, there are so many opportunities here for us in the US that between the US and Puerto Rico, there really isnt any need to go international at this point. People are looking for value, theyre looking for health and how do they control their healthcare costs and how do they stay healthier.  And Walgreens with Take Care clinics, with Option Care, Schrafts, our infusion business, our pharmacies, 6,300 distribution points across America, we are extremely well positioned for the future. So once again, international weve look at it but our opportunities in the US here are just fantastic.
Rick Hans:  Folks that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Well announced June sales on July 2. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be September 29 when we announce fourth quarter fiscal 2008 yearend results. Until then, have a great day and remember, youre always welcome at Walgreens.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-03-24 13:45:00) =====
: March 24, 2008 8:30 am ET 
Executives: Rick Hans  Director of Finance Jeff Rein  Chairman, CEO Bill Rudolphsen  CFO Greg Wasson  President Stan Blaylock  SVP, President Walgreens Health Services John Spina  Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley Mark Miller  William Blair & Company John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse Debora Weinswig  Citigroup Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey John Ransom  Raymond James Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets Sean Roberts  Lehman Brothers Neil Currie  UBS Bob Summers  Bear Stearns 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Walgreen Companys second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). I now would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Hans Director of Finance, please go ahead sir.
Rick Hans:  Thank you Mark and good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Joining me today are Jeff Rein, Chairman and CEO, Greg Wasson our President, Bill Rudolphsen our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room and available during the Q&A session is John Spina our Treasurer and Stanley Blaylock Senior Vice President and President of Walgreens Health Services. Jeff will begin with a review of our specialty pharmacy announcement this morning and key highlights of the second quarter. Then Bill will discuss the detailed financial results of the quarter followed by Greg who will cover Walgreens health and wellness strategy and how it complements our retail pharmacy growth model. Following our prepared remarks well be happy to take any questions. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we may give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time. Id like to point out that todays call is being simulcast on our investor relations website, located at investor.walgreens.com. After the call this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our form 10K for the fiscal year ended August 31st 2007 for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward looking statements. Now Id like to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Rein.
Jeff Rein:  Thank you Rick and good morning everyone. Before we discuss the second quarter financial results I want to update you on a significant contract announcement we made this morning. Walgreens has signed an exclusive multiyear specialty pharmacy contract with Prime Therapeutics, a pharmacy benefit manager owned by ten Blue Cross Blue Shield plans. We are delighted to partner with Prime Therapeutics to provide the highest quality care and service for any of their 20 million members with specialty pharmacy needs. Were excited about the potential this contract offers us. These are large clients and well concentrate on a flawless startup. We will be phasing in the individual plans over time. We strongly believe that our independence from the major PBMs is a significant factor in winning this business and our independence will help us consistently win contracts over the long term. Customers are telling us they prefer to be aligned with a company that isnt involved in services with which they may be competing in the future. Now lets turn to the second quarter. We reported record quarterly sales of $15.4 billion, an increase of 10.5% driven by continued organic expansion and acquisitions. Despite comparisons to a 27% net earnings per share increase a year ago, we increased net earnings per share [overlay].2% this quarter to $0.69 compared with $0.65 a year ago. For the second consecutive quarter we benefited from disciplined cost control and solid execution. We controlled costs while facing tough comparisons with last year. We executed our growth strategy with the opening of 121 new stores, 41 more than during the year ago quarter and including our first store in Washington DC. And we grew our market share while improving our overall customer service witnessed by store level complaints trending down. Sales improved as the quarter progresses, while Christmas seasonal sales were weaker than expected, we rebounded with strong Valentines Day sales. We also showed that our core product categories, including our popular private brand business insulate us from the full impact of a slowing economy. Some of the sales challenges we faced in the quarter included the withdrawal from the market and cautions on the use of cough and cold products for children six and under and the late flu season which when it finally hit didnt generate the level of related prescriptions seen in 2007. During the quarter we also aggressively priced digital photo prints. While that created margin pressure in the short term, it will drive more front end business over the long term. During this fiscal year weve executed the classic balancing act very well. Were controlling costs in a challenging economic environment and delivering results in the short term, while making the needed strategic and capital investments to insure our success over the long term. Now Id like to introduce our CFO, Bill Rudolphsen.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Thank you Jeff and good morning everyone. Lets briefly discuss our second quarter financial performance. Jeff already provided our total sales and earnings numbers, so Ill move into more specifics. Total sales in comparable stores were up 4.7% in the quarter while front end comparable store sales increased 4%. Prescription sales rose 11.1% for the quarter and 5.2% on a comparable store basis. The number of prescriptions filled in the second quarter increased 3.6% on a comparable store basis. That compares to a 2.3% increase in total US retail prescription volume during the same period according to IMS Health. Gross margin dollars and overall profits are being impacted by tough comparisons to an unusually strong period a year ago which benefitted from the introductions of blockbuster generic versions of name brand drugs Zocor and Zoloft. Total gross profit in the quarter was $4.4 billion a 9.9% increase compared to a 16.7% increase in the prior year. Gross profit margins decreased 14 basis points versus the year ago quarter to 2882. In the front end we saw them decrease because of the sales mix shifting to lower margin items. In the pharmacy, margins increased with the growth in generic drug sales. But as pharmacy sales grow faster than front end sales, they reduce overall margins which are lower in the pharmacy than the rest of the store. The LIFO rate remained unchanged this quarter compared to the first quarter. But in last years second quarter we lowered the LIFO rate by 50 basis points resulting in a LIFO provision of $13.4 million in last years second quarter, less than half the $30.6 million recorded this year. As Jeff mentioned, this quarter we again demonstrated strong discipline in SG&A expenses which increased 11% over the year ago period, slower than the 14.3% increase in last years quarter. The improvement was primarily the result of a slower rate of store salary growth. We also saw contributions from lower legal and insurance expenses. Our entire organization continues to focus on taking a highly disciplined approach to managing our SG&A spending. As a percent of sales, SG&A expenses increased 11 basis points versus the year ago quarter to 21.75. The effective tax rate was 36.82% compared to a rate of 36.75% in the year ago period. We anticipate a tax rate of about 37% for the fiscal year. Cash flow from operations totaled $1.5 billion for the year to date. Total short term debt stood at $728 million at the end of the second quarter. We will continue managing our balance sheet for maximum financial flexibility and to support our core growth strategy. We expect to fund the acquisitions of I-trax and Whole Health Management with commercial paper and short term notes. Inventories in the second quarter climbed 12.2%, slightly ahead of our 10.5% sales gains. Inventory levels were affected by our non comparable Anderson South Carolina distribution center, additional pharmacy distribution capability at our Perrysburg Ohio facility and the launch of over the counter Zyrtec. Id like to quickly note that our integration of Option Care, the specialty pharmacy and home care provider we acquired last August, is going well. We are on target to reach our $15 million synergies goal this fiscal year. I also want to note that we continue to target at least 15% ROIC on our acquisitions and organic growth initiatives. Store growth includes plans for total square footage increases of approximately 8% per year while our strong financial flexibility allows us to act on acquisitions opportunities as they come up. And now Id like to turn over to our President Greg Wasson for an update on growth initiatives.
Greg Wasson:  Thank you Bill and good morning. Id like to briefly touch on recent progress in our strategy to, one, extend our pharmacy service offerings, two, expand our store base and three, add new store services that give our customers more reasons to shop with us. Through these initiatives we will grow earnings and add shareholder value. We see a tremendous opportunity in pharmacy and wellness care to connect the dots for patients and payers. Thats what our recent moves are doing. With the formation this month of our Walgreens Health and Wellness division plus the acquisitions of I-trax and Whole Health Management, we will make healthcare services more convenient and accessible. Well do that by tying these businesses with our other services that create almost 7,000 points of care. That includes retail pharmacies, in store take care health clinics, work site health centers and pharmacies and other outlets. Our platform will provide pharmacy services near the patients home or at work, specialty pharmacy products and patient management services needed for these complex and expensive medications, home care services including respiratory and home medical equipment programs and new services such as wellness programs, disease management and occupational health services. These services and the access points for reaching our patients that they provide allow us to become a close advisor to employers and health plans. We will help them reduce costs and improve the quality of health care for their employees, dependents and retirees. And our trusted brand will extend further into the health care sector. Meanwhile, our store expansion continues as we take advantage of current opportunities that will position us as the leading drug store retailer for years to come. We opened 290 stores in the first half of fiscal 2008, ahead of last years 223 first half openings. Were on pace to open 550 new stores this year with a net gain of more than 475 stores after relocations and closings. We have the leading market share in 121 major markets, including Chicago, Dallas, Miami, Phoenix, St. Louis and San Francisco. Were also growing through pharmacy file buyouts. We acquired pharmacy files from 43 pharmacies across the nation plus 27 Rite Aid stores in the Las Vegas area in the second quarter. These buyouts quickly build our pharmacy business and in many cases we add quality pharmacists and staff with strong ties to the community. Weve had better than expected success in Las Vegas with the Rite Aid patient file acquisition. Vegas is a great success story for us where weve gone from no presence in 1996 to the market leader today. We will continue to track competitive developments in the individual markets and take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they come up. We also continue to improve customer traffic and add sales opportunities through front end store initiatives such as digital photo services, printer cartridge refills that will expand from 3,000 locations today to 4,500 locations by the end of the calendar year and DHL shipping services which will be virtually chain wide by December. All of these services add up to what the online world calls a sticky shopping experience. So now Ill turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeff Rein:  Thanks Greg. Before we move on to your questions, Id like to thank our 230,000 employees who delivered the results we reported this quarter. Success always begins with serving our customers and patients and 5 million of them pass through our doors every day. And Im looking forward to welcoming our new I-trax and Whole Health co-workers. Youll be a great addition to helping us provide convenient and accessible care to our patients, including many who are new to Walgreens. Well also work hard to exceed the expectations of our specialty pharmacy patients, coming to us through our new contract with Prime Therapeutic with access to their 20 million members combined with our existing specialty pharmacy business we are a major player in this industry. All of this positions us well to create longterm shareholder value. 
Rick Hans:  Thank you. Folks that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready for your questions. Mark may we have our first question?
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our first question today will come from Mark Wiltamuth with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Thank you. First on the SG&A improvements, could you let us know how much of that was from legal and insurance and then maybe give us an idea of how much more SG&A improvement you could have here, have you really reduced the 24 hour store counts and what are the other opportunities?
Jeff Rein:  Yes, hi Mark this is Jeff here. Approximately 60% of our reduction was on the payroll side, about 40% was the legal and insurance experienced. Our goal as you know is that 11-12% increase in SG&A. There is more room, we have taken some actions on 24 hour stores where they havent made sense. We do look at the numbers of course, we look at the trade area and we want to make sure that we serve people properly. Where theres an opportunity to save dollars and serve the folks just as well and of course we would reduce our 24 hour stores.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: And if you could talk just a little bit about the mac-ing out trends, it seems like the worst of that should be over here in February and maybe a better half coming in the second half with generics, maybe you could talk about that a little bit.
Jeff Rein:  Are you talking about the generic pipeline?
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Jeff Rein:  As you know this was a weaker year than normal for brand going to generic and its still a little bit weak towards the end of the year, however in 2009 and 2010 in particular it picks up very, very nicely. We do try to take advantage of all brand to generic opportunities obviously but once again its just a little bit weaker this year as it has been in the past.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Mark I would add to that in the third quarter of last year our gross profit increase was 16% so that still is a challenging comparison and it gets more favorable in the fourth quarter.
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And next well hear from Mark Miller with William Blair.
Mark Miller  William Blair & Company: Hi, good morning. I was hoping you could share more on the Prime Therapeutics contract as it relates to the timing, you talked about phasing that in and also anything more you can share on how thats going to impact you financially and will you need to build and invest ahead of the earnings growth as you do with stores or does the flow through improve relative to the retail model as you expand it?
Jeff Rein:  Yes Mark thats a good question, let me turn that over to Greg Wasson whos been really involved in Prime Therapeutics now for quite a while.
Greg Wasson:  Yeah, Mark, thanks, good morning. Just first first I definitely want to say that were excited to have been chosen by Prime Therapeutics for this exclusive opportunity, you know weve known Prime for quite some time, Tim Dickman and his management team have run a great shop, theyve done a great job serving their affiliated Blues groups over time so were really looking forward to the opportunity. As far as the timing you know certainly it will be somewhat hard to predict because most of these plans will be phased down over time. You know we certainly think that over time that most if not many of the Blues will begin to use Prime Therapeutics product. [Larry] wed say that you know with any large contract, obviously the first thing were going to want to do is to make sure that we execute the first plan or two that come on board flawlessly, we know that Prime and the Blues will certainly expect that. As far as the financial impact, it is tough to predict because the plans will roll out over time. You know we certainly think its a huge opportunity because of the significant specialty spend these Blues have, but certainly hard to expect or to predict. Capacity I may turn it over to Stan Blaylock whos with us here. I think we have absolutely plenty of capacity and if you think back at some of our recent acquisitions a year and a half ago we acquired Medmark for just that reason, we acquired management expertise as well as capacity to scale. And certainly with Option Care you know last year with our national infusion capabilities we have plenty of capacity. So I think were in great shape looking forward to being a part of it. Stan anything you want to add?
Stan Blaylock:  Yeah I would echo what Greg said, Mark, we clearly have capacity by virtue of our dedicated central fulfillment facilities in both Pittsburgh as well as the Ann Arbor operation which we have out of Option Care. We also now have a dedicated specialty pharmacy facility in Portland Oregon. So we have plenty of capacity to handle this and are looking forward as Greg said to working with the Prime folks who really I think chose us because we have a high quality independent service offering that meshes nicely with the high quality integrated medical and pharmacy services theyre trying to provide to their customer base.
Mark Miller:  Okay, great, thanks. My other question is as we think about the easier comparisons coming up you know I know its a Walgreens contracting on a two year basis roughly a low 30% rate which averaging across the two years is about in line with your long term growth rate. Should we think about that continuing more or less into the back half of the year? I know you dont want to have guidance but on the other hand I know you also have an interest in analysts being in the right ballpark.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Mark I would say certainly our long term goal is to achieve the earnings growth that we have achieved in the past. I would again point to the third quarter as a little bit of a challenging comparison considering the significant gross profit improvement we experienced last year and again fourth quarter gets easier as our earnings actually fell last year in the fourth quarter.
Mark Miller:  Okay thanks.
Operator:  John Heinbockel with Goldman Sachs has our next question.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Can you guys speak to performance of new stores you know specifically and maybe you look out over a couple year period here but sales, script count, EBIT margin, return on capital. You know how are new stores performing compared to two or three years ago or further back. Has there been any slippage there in the performance?
Jeff Rein: Yeah John thats a good question I know people are concerned about our new stores. As we showed in the charts last time they are doing very well, based on trend, based on history. Bill I think you have some thoughts on that.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Yeah John I would point you to the charts that we illustrated in the last quarters call. Our script count and our front end sales are still performing for our new store base as they had in the past so we feel very good about our performance in new stores.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: How about a return on capital?
Bill Rudolphsen:  Same thing. We did illustrate some return on capital numbers in that slide last quarter and we do see it increasing over time.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Now what do you think as you look forward here because you know a lot of retailers tend to slow expansion only after returns have fallen. I mean as you look forward what are the kinds of puts and takes you guys look at to, is what were seeing today likely, do you think its likely to continue or when you look at whether it be changes in reimbursement, you know maybe competition at the front end, you know do you think returns go down over time or whats, as you look out a couple years, whats your thought?
Jeff Rein:  John this Jeff here there are fabulous opportunities to continue to expand. As you know the age rate, nothing is going to slow that down, people are going to continue to get older, theyre going to continue to take medications which we are a major provider, theyre going to continue to use pharmacy services whether thats specialty, immunization, flu shots and they like the convenience of the smaller store. I think youll even see some of the competition now trying to experiment with smaller stores because as the population gets older they want accessible healthcare, they want accessible service and they want it to be convenient at the same time. So we are very, very well positioned. And stores were building, theyre in A locations, great demographics, great trade areas, there is no reason to think that were going to do any worse at all, in fact maybe well even do better as other competition consolidates or goes out of business.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Fair and finally whats your capacity on stores, whats the big limiting factor today, just people or locations?
Jeff Rein:  Locations are not a problem. I would say it does come back to the people, we want to make sure that we have the proper trained personnel to staff the stores, not only in the front end but in the pharmacies, but its a real balance of course. We want to balance to make sure we get the best size, we dont want to over reach and be pressured to make some number, we do want to make sure we get that return on investment that weve been targeting and well keep going after the best of the best.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Okay thanks.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Ed Kelly with Credit Suisse.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Good morning. Your gross margin was down less than it was in the first quarter especially on a FIFO basis. Is this because the front end, or I should say is this because the pharmacy margin was up more year over year than it was in Q1 or is it because the front end margin declined less. And then how should we really think about the gross margin for the remainder of the year, does it continue to get better from here, get worse, should we just assume a similar trend?
Jeff Rein:  Yeah, sure, let me turn that over to Bill for an answer please.
Bill Rudolphsen:  Yes Ed we are seeing better margins in the pharmacy, I do believe that that will continue. As Jeff had mentioned, well see probably a bigger increase in 09 and 10 as generics come out in the marketplace. And the front end, it was a challenge in the quarter, we did have a softer seasonal season in December, we did see sales of lower margin items as the economy tightens, I think well continue to see some of that. In addition we were a little bit more promotional, especially in the digital photo area. I think that thatll probably continue as the economy tightens here.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay great and then just a follow up here, your front end comps if you kind of look historically grew at an average rate of maybe about 3% or a little bit more prior to 2004. Now you know the growth over the last few years was obviously in the 5-6% range but it has decelerated recently. You know which of these two growth rates should we think about going forward over the next few years, are we seeing a reversion back to the mean? Maybe you could just kind of help us understand how youre thinking about that.
Jeff Rein:  I think a reversion to the mean does happen of course. I think one of the things to consider over the past couple of years is that people felt extremely wealthy you know with the stock market, their houses and all that sort of thing. So their discretionary spending was up. Right now they are being very careful on the type of products they buy, they are trading down a little bit, were seeing more ad sales versus the everyday basic sale. And you know I think once again people are looking for that value. Well continue to do well based on our convenience and access but people are really looking for that sharp price, that value price that makes the difference. However, there are a lot of things that were going to get into that Greg has talked about in the past where it will help increase sales. As you know the ink cartridges, the refills, well have those in 4,500 stores, so thats a way of driving business. Well have DHL in almost all of our stores. Once again it gets back to convenience and offering that consumer a value.
Ed Kelly  Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Debora Weinswig with Citi has a question.
Debora Weinswig  Citigroup: Hi, Jeff you talked about sales improving as the quarter progresses, is that a combination of traffic and ticket or can you dig a little deeper there for us?
Jeff Rein:  I think what happened is in December people were really shocked almost, not only with the stock market but with the housing crisis and folks scared of losing their job and that sort of thing, so we did see a trend of down seasonal sales or slowing of seasonal sales. However, when you look at Valentines in particular in terms of seasons, its one of those things as whos going to forget their sweetheart? So we had phenomenal, phenomenal Valentines sales, it worked out very well. And once again as people are looking for value and in terms of our advertising, it really helped drive those sales. 
Debora Weinswig  Citigroup: And would you say during the quarter that traffic improved?
Jeff Rein:  Traffic, its hard to say on that in terms of the quantifiable but its about 50/50 in terms of traffic and then ticket.
Debora Weinswig  Citigroup: Okay and then obviously on the SG&A side there its very impressive in terms of whats happening at the store level, can you talk about how you are optimizing labor you know differently now than you have in the past.
Jeff Rein:  Well in the past as we mentioned before, we didnt really follow the budget as well as we should have. We do have the district managers and store op vice presidents sitting down with the store manager and decide on a budget, what is appropriate for the front end and what is appropriate for the pharmacy. And one of the things that got us in trouble last year is we did not follow those budgets as well as we should have. We do follow the budgets now and people track that. We look at it usually twice a week but no less than once a week and once again we make sure we follow the budget that is set up through the system and through people talking with each other. And its worked out very, very well for us.
Greg Wasson: And Debora, Greg, I think giving that as Jeff eluded to earlier to one of the callers was that were really looking at every stores opening hours, looking at competition, looking at what makes sense for the store and really getting laser focused on when the store should be open and how long it should be open, et cetera.
Debora Weinswig  Citigroup: So are there any changes in processes or procedures or its mainly kind of being very budget focused and mindful kind of hours?
Jeff Rein:  Its attention to what the hours are needed to serve the folks, not only in the pharmacy but out front. As we mentioned complaints have continued to trend down and many, many years ago for example, we would just cut 20 hours per store across the chain. It didnt make sense, so if a guy or a gal was doing very well, they still lost the 20 hours. What were doing now once again is were focusing on that budget and what is really needed to serve our customers well.
Debora Weinswig  Citigroup: Great, thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Scott Mushkin with Banc of America Securities.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Yeah I wanted to get back to the Prime Therapeutics, just to understand a little bit more about the opportunity. So what was the total specialty spend at these ten Blues were doing and how quickly will it ramp over to you guys? Do they all have to use Prime PBM service or no? I just guess a little bit more clarity there. And then the integration, I know you guys have been putting together pieces of the specialty business and you said there really isnt much investment to be done. And maybe you could give us a little bit of color on how the integration of all the separate business is going you know in order to handle this type of contract, do we have to put a lot of systems in place to get it done?
Greg Wasson:  Yeah, Scott, Ill take a shot and then Ill have Stan come on in on it. As far as go back to when will the Blues, the various groups come on board, again Prime Therapeutics realizes they wanted to really put together a good solution specialty solution, they had realized that they didnt really want to outsource and chose us. I think for a lot of reasons, primarily because they valued our independence as a specialty pharmacy provider. I think they also realized that with Medmark we had a long standing relationship with very respected Blues in Western Pennsylvania Highmark. And so I think thats what theyre looking for us to bring to them. As far as the Blues groups that they work with, they obviously are at will to make their own decision as to who they use and when. I think because that they are affiliated and or have ownership within Prime Therapeutics they certainly would be looking to utilize all the resources that Prime brings to them, thats the reason that Prime put together this solution. So as I said earlier I think that many if not most will come to us and will use [Tryethen] over time. And our key will be to really start off strong with the first one or two that come on board. As far as the integration, maybe Ill turn that to Stan, let Stan talk to you a little bit about the integration.
Stan Blaylock:  And to continue on with what Greg said, to Scott when you sort of look at the overall spending amount you know there are 20 million sort of underlying medical lives when you look at the Blues plans that our investors in the Prime and Prime Therapeutics so the opportunity is both on the pharmacy benefits side and the medical benefits side so it is a tremendous amount of spending. Were not commenting on the value of the contract as we indicated in the release. As it relates to our systems aspect, this will be run on our current platform, our script [ment] operating system so we have invested significantly in that system and have already rolled that out to our multiple facilities. So from a systems integration perspective were already there in terms of being able to handle it. Obviously we will be coordinating that tightly with Prime whos going to be handling some of the front end functionality as it relates to things like eligibility and prior authorization and some of the clinical oversight. But were already there from a systems perspective as well.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Alright, perfect. And maybe just one follow up and this actually has to do with the front end, I know you guys signed that DHL contract. How does that work exactly? I mean is there a certain volume, I guess maybe a little insight into the profitability there, how I mean clearly youre trying to get more people into your stores to use these services but is there any kind of volume break that you guys need to see to make it profitable or is it profitable from the beginning?
Jeff Rein:  There is obviously a volume break in packages per store. We wouldnt give out those figures at this point, but what of the things it does do is get folks into Walgreens on a timely basis when they need to mail their packages. And obviously they pick up other supplies, they do impulse purchasing and things of that nature. DHL is helping us spread the word that Walgreens Stores have this. We think its one more way to leverage the box and take advantage of whats going on. It ties very, very well into our digital and certain home office services, its just a furthering of how we can serve our customers as we need to serve them.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: But theres a packages per store breakeven point, is that correct?
Jeff Rein:  There is and we do have that.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Any insight into how thats going so far?
Jeff Rein:  Its going actually very well in the areas that we piloted. Its been extremely good. As you know theres a lot of small business owners, a lot of entrepreneurs, a lot of people that dont want to wait in lines at the post office or maybe the post office is too far from them. With over 6,200 stores across America we are very convenient for people to send their package whenever they want to.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Great, thanks, thats it for me, thank you for answering my questions.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Eric Bosshard with Cleveland Research.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: Good morning. Two things, first of all on the Prime, two follow ups. One is how did, did the Blues go their own independent ways previously to get their specialty needs dealt with?
Greg Wasson:  To my recollection I believe that some of them used a previous provider from Prime and then others may have used their own specialty providers, gone their independent route. I think this is Primes intent to really put together Primes quality solution with Medmark to be able to go to the Blues and really offer them a complete package.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: Okay and I certainly understand the confidentiality of the size of the contract but can you just give us any guidance at all of what the total spend was you know that is potential or what was done within this group, now what the contract is for but just to give us an idea of how big the pie might be.
Jeff Rein:  We just signed the contract with them. We obviously have to see the uptake in terms of specialty, itll be phased in over time. As we learn more we can tell you more about it but lets get started with it and make sure we do it very well and then well get into the numbers.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: And then secondly the gross margin performance in the quarter was quite strong and was different than 1Q in terms of the year over year comparison and I understand theres lots of moving parts, the front end being one, but the pharmacy progress in the quarter which seemed immaterial versus the first quarter, is that sustainable. Im just trying to figure out if the 1Q or the 2Q experiences are what we should be thinking about for the second half of the year.
Bill Rudolphsen:  I think what youre seeing there Eric is a lift in the pharmacy margin related to generics, again generics always drive the pharmacy margin. I certainly, this thing can certainly move around but I believe it will be sustainable for a while and again as new generics come out we would certainly see a lift.
Eric Bosshard  Cleveland Research Company: Okay, thats helpful, thank you.
Operator:  David Magee with Suntrust Robinson has a question.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah, hi, good morning. A couple things, really more of a follow up. On the new store side are you actually seeing any benefit in this environment on the real estate cost side of the equation as far as opening up stores?
Jeff Rein:  Okay are you talking about land costs or building costs?
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Exactly.
Jeff Rein:  Yes, theres been some weakening in some areas but its not as pronounced as youre seeing in the residential areas. We go after the prime corners, theres still a lot of competition for those prime corners and whether its banks or our competition or Starbucks, whatever it may be, there is still competition for the very best corners, people want that easy in, easy out location. So were not really seeing much once again on the commercial side.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Does it make you change your decision whether to buy the property or just to lease?
Jeff Rein:  It depends on what we can work out with the developer. We do like to buy as we can at times, but once again depending on the property, the situation, the risk involved, we may lease the property.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: With regard to the specialty pharmacy business, can you remind us what your approximate market share might be at this point in time and any goals you might have in that regard?
Greg Wasson:  Today we like to think that were the fourth largest specialty provider in the country but we also like to talk about were the number one independent specialty provider in the country and I think thats where were looking to really grow our business with the Blues organizations, Prime Therapeutics and regional health plans. So weve made significant progress over the last several years with the Medmark acquisition, Option Care, with Option Care were actually one of the largest and leading infusion specialty providers as well. So I believe weve made good progress in market share.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Then lastly, when you mentioned the ROIC goal for acquisitions, can you tell us what timeframe that you would hope to achieve 15% and is that the first or second year or is that three of four years out?
Bill Rudolphsen:  David it would be over a long period of time, certainly were not going to get there within the first several years. Very often on a new store were going to lose money as weve illustrated in the past.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah, well I was thinking more on the acquisition side. I think your comments were related to
Bill Rudolphsen:  Yeah, its going to phase in over time, I would say its over the long term, its not going to be immediately within a two to three year timeframe. So I would be thinking you know six to eight years out, over time.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, thanks a lot.
Operator:  John Ransom with Raymond James is next.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Hey, good morning. We heard some of the wholesalers grumble a little bit about Fosamax that is was because it wasnt a 180 day exclusive that you had multiple manufacturers so the thought at least for the wholesalers was the product wasnt as profitable at the launch as they were hoping. At the retail level given the multiple manufacturers, is that a plus or a minus for you in terms of kind of out of the box profitability?
Jeff Rein:  Im not quite sure what the wholesalers are saying here but in terms of exclusivity and everything, if theres only one other manufacturer then they dont drop the price as much obviously. If theres multiple manufacturers it does help drop that price, theres a lot of profit available.
John Ransom  Raymond James: But you had, all things being equal, I mean looking at a Zocor where you had the 180 day and an authorize and looking at Fosamax where its a free for all, would you prefer the Fosamax type situation over the Zocor type situation?
Jeff Rein:  No, not necessarily, we would not.
John Ransom  Raymond James: But I mean, okay so I guess Im confused, so did Fosamax meet your expectations?
Jeff Rein:  Any time that we can save the patients money, we can save the payers money and we can make more money for Walgreens, we are satisfied.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And next is Andrew Wolf with BB&T Capital Markets.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Hey good morning, Jeff, how would you characterize the competitive environment currently and particularly if you could in reference or in comparison to other periods of consumer slowing, is it typical or do you think theres some major differences?
Jeff Rein:  The difference this time versus the last time when it slowed is we have phenomenal competitors. Id like to point out that CVS and Rite Aid have really stepped up their game. Wal-Mart is doing very well, Target as well merchandised, they do a very nice job. We have longs out there making progress, we have a lot of folks out there that are doing a great job today. And you have the internet. In the past we didnt have as much in terms of competition being at the top of their game as they are right now. So I would say its a little bit tougher now than it was in the past and once again with all this consolidation, the strong get stronger. People are definitely looking for a value now, theyre definitely shopping Walgreens, so were going to be able to compete very, very well, not only in the stores, not only in specialty but at our site, we have one of the top rated websites right now that folks utilize. So Im very confident that well be able to fight against competition but once again they are very good.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay and just following up, how about in the area more specifically like in circulars with other drugstores, is that, is it hotter or about the same as youve seen sort of in terms of trying to promote folks into the store, again versus lets say the last downturn.
Jeff Rein:  I would say based on what Ive seen with the different sectors with our drugstore competitors and the mass merchants is that its similar is that when we went into a lower spending environment that the ads heated up a bit as they did want to get folks into the store. We do see our competitors getting aggressive particularly on the front page and the back page where people pay the most attention to. So that is definitely heating up. I have not seen any huge, huge giveaways though that people are destroying profitability but there are instances where folks are obviously getting more aggressive than they might have a year ago.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you and then I wanted to just follow up on John Heinbockels question on the new store performance but, get to the other end of the spectrum which is the mature store performance. I think I remember Dan [Jaunt] used to say you know drugstores are unique and that they have a 20 year tale on same store sales, its an annuity that keeps on giving. And you know obviously with all the upfront losses for three years, you kind of need that for the, to get to the ROIs you guys are talking about, so could you speak to really mature store performance, are the older stores still comping fairly decently as the way I understand the model to work.
Jeff Rein:  Yeah, mature stores are still doing well. Whats nice is weve been able to fill in in more areas than ever before across the country. This does hurt obviously the mature store on a dilutive basis, maybe for a year to 18 months. But overall once again as people get older they take more medications so we can still serve them better and theyre shopping our stores more based on convenience and accessibility. So theyre still doing extremely well and the model still works.
Greg Wasson:  Andy, once those stores hit the three year mark, after that youre seeing mid teens ROIC and I think weve disclosed that in the past. Now that three to six year mark is really where stores take off and then I think beyond six years is where youre seeing more of an inflationary increase.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay thank you very much, thats helpful, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question will ceom from Sean Roberts with Lehman Brothers.
Sean Roberts  Lehman Brothers:  Hi, Sean Roberts sitting in for Meredith. On the script growth I think theres been some questions on the front end but looking at script growth trends I realize that flu is part of the slowdown in the current quarter but as we start to move out of the flu season here, would you expect us to get back to that 5-6% script growth trend any time soon?
Jeff Rein:  Thats a very good question, it really depends on what peoples actions are. I do believe one of the challenges of course is that people ramped up in 2006 on the Medicare part D, so were not seeing those huge increases that we did before. With Zyrtek going over the counter right now, that affects us by about 50 basis points. I think the other thing thats happening too is that were seeing more folks really worried about their spending so we have had some reports of people breaking pills in half for example, either take it every day like that or take their medication every other day, things of that nature. We still think the script growth is going to continue to do very well, it has trended down in the United States though as you know over the last couple years. So its definitely a challenge for us but once again were up to it. I believe as more drugs come online, particularly the generic drugs, that does help drive the business as people can afford those medications better than the brand side. So once again Im quite confident of the future, I dont know the exact numbers though.
Sean Roberts  Lehman Brothers:  Second question would be on I-trax, I see that theyre headquartered in Pennsylvania. To the extent that you guys can say whether the clinics are actually geographically concentrated and if it is kind of in that mid-Atlantic Northeast region as you add pharmacies to these work site locations, do you think that will cannibalize your existing store base at all or will that be kind of a key part of growing into the new geographies where Walgreens isnt as heavily concentrated today?
Jeff Rein:  Thats a good question and will definitely, definitely play into our game plan. Greg I think you have some comments on that.
Greg Wasson:  Yeah Sean I think definitely the latter I think that as we go into some of the newer areas such as the Northeast Mid-Atlantic that is absolutely will help us grow our brand, grow our recognition and help us grow in those areas. Concentration, both companies are pretty much nationwide, however there is a large concentration in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantics and thats one of the things that was certainly appealing to us.
John Spina:  Sean, this is John Spina, I want to add on to Gregs comment that these arent cannibalized in our existing stores, they are new main and main, its not an either or, its another access point for these patients to get into our system. So its really, it doesnt cannibalize, it really just, its in 40 states and if we have a store down the street its just another access point. We have a similar experience with our hospital clinics where you know these folks see us for the first time and they enter our network of pharmacies and stay with us.
Jeff Rein:  Sean, Jeff here you might consider an analogy could be Take Care clinics where 20% of the folks using the Take Care clinics are new to Walgreens so we believe the employer onsite pharmacies will be very, very similar, a lot of folks that may be are not shopping us right now will get introduced to the Walgreen brand, the Walgreen name and the Walgreen services. It will definitely get them into the Walgreens system, well be able to serve them and their dependents very well.
Sean Roberts  Lehman Brothers:  Great, thank you.
Operator:  Neil Currie with UBS has our next question.
Neil Currie  UBS: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask another question about new stores and strategy going forward. I think there have been some people suggesting that you may decide to pull back on new stores if you saw the returns declining. As I see it thought the strategy has always been a long term one whereby you havent been acquiring stores and youve been looking at all the best drugstore markets in order to get access to the fastest growing markets which has meant that youve historically not had the store density that maybe your competitors have had in many markets or that you would actually require. So the question is, is actually pulling back on new store opening an option or is it absolutely vital to continue opening new stores in order to leverage your infrastructure in these still limit share markets?
Jeff Rein:  Neil we obviously believe in long term growth so organic growth and acquisitions are major plans for us in the future. As you know we do buy other drugstores where they make sense. For example, El Amal in Puerto Rico, been very well to us, we bought those stores. We are continuing to look for other acquisitions. At the same time we want to continue our organic growth because you have the store as you want it, you have the people, the systems, everything is much easier and quicker and faster. Plus as the trading areas get denser and denser we find that many times you can build another store to service those folks that may have been serviced by a Walgreens store two miles away. Now its maybe a half a mile or a mile to their house. So a lot of it depends on the density. But definitely we want to continue our organic growth and acquisitions.
Neil Currie  UBS: Right and I wondered if I could also ask about seasonal sales. Obviously December is a very important month for seasonal sales, it tends to index higher than most months and is characterized by you know a lot of gift items that are maybe more discretionary. How should we think about other seasonal events in terms of their discretionary nature? Clearly Valentines is about cards and candy, maybe Easter similar, but summer seasonal, is that something that we should be a little bit more cautious of because of the nature of the items youre selling there and how about other seasonal events?
Jeff Rein:  No I wouldnt characterize it necessarily as being more cautious there. One thing to keep in mind about seasonal products and the isle that we do have is seasonal products create hope, they create memories and folks are very, very reluctant to give that up. We dont sell things that are very expensive. I like to tell the story that maybe about three or four years ago we learned our lesson when we went after Christmas toys that were very expensive, $50, $80, $100, we didnt do very well and we wrote off about $10 million. Most of the items in our stores are $20-$25 and less. So for people to buy a cologne or chocolate or a small toy for their child, I do not see that slowing down. Where its incumbent upon us to increase the profitability is to make sure we buy correctly. Sometimes we can get very, very enthusiastic as we all are in retail sales but if we control our inventory, control the buy, the seasonal sales will still continue to do well. One thing to keep in mind is that seasonal sales is like gravy. Its not there necessarily to provide all year profits, we get that from our basic everyday sales, whether its drug, health products, beauty products, food products, but once again the seasonal is like icing on the cake and if we can control the buy folks will always be coming in to create those memories.
Neil Currie  UBS: Thanks Jeff.
Operator:  We have time for one final question and that question will come from Bob Summers with Bear Stearns.
Bob Summers  Bear Stearns: Can you take me through the gross margin line a little bit more, if pharmacy margins improve sequentially, whats the right way to think about front end margins and was there an acceleration in margin erosion and could you also give us some texture about how front end margins, current front end margins compare to levels that you had in 2001?
Bill Rudolphsen:  Bob, front end margins certainly were impacted again by the soft seasonal season and more promotions. I believe that that trend will continue in this softening economy. Were going to have to be promotional to drive traffic. I think that that trend will continue. They are down versus the prior year. And I think that its probably to prior recessionary periods that youre going to see softening margins on the front end. And were certainly thankful for the pharmacy margins to offset much of that.
Bob Summers  Bear Stearns: And then whats the right way to think about the benefit from the extra day?
Jeff Rein:  In terms of a number?
Bob Summers  Bear Stearns: Yes.
Bill Rudolphsen:  About 1% on that Bob.
Bob Summers  Bear Stearns: Okay and then finally I dont think that weve had this open forum since Trent Taylor last if you could maybe give us the circumstances surrounding that?
Jeff Rein:  Im sorry, Trent did leave the company as you know, it was mentioned in our 8K but we have no comment on that.
Bob Summers  Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  At this time I will turn the conference over to our host.
Rick Hans:  Alright that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Well announce March sales on April 2nd. As a reminder with Easter this year falling on the earliest date since 1913, youll need to look at combined March-April sales to get a true picture of the performance for those months. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be June 23rd when we announce third quarter results. Before that Bill Rudolphsen will present at the Lehman Brothers 11th annual retail and restaurant conference in New York City on April 30th. Then on May 28th Jeff Rein will speak at the Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. 24th annual strategic decisions conference in New York. Until then, we wish you a great day and remember, youre always welcome at Walgreens.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call, thank you for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-12-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  RickHans  Director, Finance JeffreyA. Rein  Chairman, CEO GregoryD. Wasson  President, COO WilliamM. Rudolphsen  Sr. Vice President, CFO JohnW. Spina  Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts:  EdwardKelly  Credit Suisse PatriciaBaker  Merrill Lynch MeredithAdler  Lehman Brothers AndrewWolf  BB&T Capital Markets MarkMiller  William Blair & Company LLC DavidMagee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey JohnHeinbockel  Goldman Sachs ScottMushkin  Banc of America Securities Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley RobertSummers  Bear Stearns DerekLeckow  Barrington Research 
Operator: Welcome to Walgreens first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Hans, Director ofFinance, please go ahead sir.
Rick Hans : Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you allfor joining us today for our first quarter earnings conference call. With meare Jeff Rein,Walgreens Chairmanand CEO, Greg Wasson, our President, Bill Rudolphsen, our EFO and John Spina,our Treasurer. During this call well provide abrief overview of thefirst quarter and areview of the costcontrol measures weve implemented and thesuccess weve seen from them. Well also highlight our efforts to leverage ourstores to drive higher sales volume and our investments innew and expanding health care services. I should point out that todays call isbeing simulcast on our Investor Relations website atwww.investor.walgreens.com. Afterthe call, thispresentation will bearchived on our website for 90 days. Following our prepared remarks well behappy to take any questions. Please limit yourself to one question and afollow-up so that wecan give anopportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time.  Before we get started Id like to read our Safe Harbor language. Certain statementsand projections of future results made in this presentation constituteforward-looking information that is based on current markets, competitive andregulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2007 for a discussion of factors as they relate toforward-looking statements. Now Id like to introduce our Chairman and CEO,Jeff Reins.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Thank you Rick, good morning and thank you for joining us. We appreciateyour time particularly on the Friday before Christmas. Many of you may be awarethat Walgreens has recently made a significant effort to broaden investoraccess to senior management. Todays call is just one more example of thiseffort and consistent with our commitment to greater transparency, access tosenior management and improved information flow to shareholders. Lets beginwith our quarter. As you saw from our release we reported record sales and earnings despitefacing a tougher comparison for 25% earnings increase in the year-ago quarterexpense control is the top priority and our folks came through particularly inpayroll. We also maximized our advertising dollars through greater efficiencywhile keeping up our promotions during the critical pre-holiday season. We arevery pleased that were starting 2008 with a strong footing. Due to a number offactors, our sales growth in the period was slower than expected. Among thesewere late quarter weakness in seasonal categories, discounts on digital photoprocessing, a milder than normal flu season and the recall and cautions onchildrens cough and cold products. We continue to execute on our organicgrowth strategy in the quarter opening a record number of new stores andcontinuing to invest in our future.  As of November 30th we had 6,139 stores nationwide. In additionwe have about 1,800 new store leases in our active pipeline, of those 600 havealready been signed. Taking a closer look at cost controls this quarter, wetook a number of significant actions in response to the unacceptable growth andexpenses in the fourth quarter. In particular, store and district managersredoubled efforts to more closely align store expenses with budgets and sales performance.We also were very careful to manage service levels and discretionary costs witha keen eye to avoid disrupting customer service or slowing sales momentum. Atthe corporate level we put certain non-critical projects on hold. I want toacknowledge and thank our teams in the stores and at corporate office for theirhard work. Youve done an extraordinary job. While Im happy with our greatproducts on the cost front, have no doubt well continue to be vigilant.  Looking forward, we expect the first half of fiscal 2008 to remainchallenging from a bottom line perspective as we cycle a very robust period forgeneric drug introduction last year. However, our long term outlook for marginsand sales remain strong and should improve in the second half of fiscal 2008and beyond. I would also like to point out the comparisons in the secondquarter will be difficult versus last year when we recorded gross margin of28.96%. Last year we benefited from new generic introductions, significantSG&A leverage and operating margin expansion. Now Ill turn the call overto Bill Rudolphsen, our CFO, for more details on the numbers. 
William M. Rudolphsen : Thanks Jeff and good morning to all of you. Lets briefly discuss our firstquarter financial performance. We reported revenue of $14 billion, a 10.4%increase. Comparable store sales were up 5.4%. Net income and earnings pershare grew 5.5% and 7% respectively. Prescription sales rose 11.1% for thequarter and 5.9% on a same-store basis impacted by more sales of lower costgeneric drugs and a milder flu season. The number of prescriptions filled inthe first quarter increased 3.7% on a comparable store basis. Front-end storesales increased 4.6% on a comparable store basis. In terms of the currentenvironment as weve indicated, our gross margin dollars and overall profitsare being impacted near term by self-comparisons to what was a stellar year-agoperiod. In addition we saw a positive impact on volumes a year ago from theintroduction of the Medicare Part D benefit. Total gross profit in the quarterwas $3.9 billion, a $331 million year over year increase. Our LIFO rate thisquarter was 1.5% compared to 1.75% in the year-ago quarter. That let to a LIFOprovision of $26.9 million in the quarter, just $.50 million less than lastyears first quarter.  As Jeff indicated we made significant progress at slowing the rate of growthof advertising, payroll and direct store expense. SG&A expenses increased9.5% in this years first quarter versus 18% in the year-ago quarter primarilydue to lower growth in store salaries, legal expenses, insurance and storeclosing costs. Advertising expenditures grew more slowly than sales in thefirst quarter. Our advertising spend was up 8% in dollars year over year todrive traffic through circulars and other media. Even though payroll and directstore expense dollars grew faster than sales, we made good progress slowing therate of growth compared to the fourth quarter. We believe we can hold the lineon the cost control improvements weve already made while making additionalprogress in other areas. Looking at slide number six, youll see that normally changes in SG&Aexpenses closely track changes in gross profit dollars. That didnt happen inthe fourth quarter of fiscal 2007; we quickly got back on track in this firstquarter with the growth rates of SG&A expenses and gross profit dollarsmoving in [lock step]. Our effective tax-rate was 37.5% compared to a rate of36.8% in the year-ago period. We anticipate a tax-rate of about 37.2% for thefiscal year.  Looking through our cash flow and balance sheet, cash flow from operationstotaled $390 million in the quarter. Our total short-term debt stood at $1.2billion at the end of the first quarter. We will continue managing our balancesheet for maximum financial flexibility and to support our core growthstrategy. I would like to spend a few minutes discussing our store expansionprogram. Some in the financial community speculate that our new stores are lessproductive than in years past due to high real estate and labor costs. Let meput that myth to rest. Our productivity improvements at the store levelcontinue to be very positive. If youll refer to slide seven, youll see wepublished for the first time our front-end sales per store for stores we openedeach class year from 2002 through 2006. As an example, the front-end salesafter year one for the 2006 class of stores is just over $2 million whichexceeds the front-end sales for each prior class store shown. On slide eight weshow prescriptions per store per day at the end of each year. Again, for storeswe opened each class year from 2002 through 2006. Both sets of data demonstratethat our 2006 class of stores performed as well in the front-end and thepharmacy as the store classes each year between 2002 and 2005.  On slide nine, we also show our return on average invested capital for thelast five years. Those returns have increased from 9.6% in 2003 to 10.5% in2007. You can find the details of this calculation on our Investor Relationswebsite. You can use these three pieces of data to come to the same conclusionthat we have, namely that the productivity of new stores has not diminishedover the last five years. Also keep in mind that Walgreens ROIC is greatlyimpacted by the 20% of our stores that are less than three years old. It takesabout three years for an organically developed store to break even. We estimatethat when you adjust for the net operating profit after tax and the investedcapital for these new stores, the after-tax ROIC for our stores opened morethan three years is in the mid teens. This results in a significant spread overour weighted average cost of capital which we calculate at about 8% using themarket value of equity method.  Given these returns well continue the growth of these highly productivestores. Finally from an investment standpoint, its important to know that wehave a goal for our capital investments to reach an average ROIC of more than15%. This goal includes strategic growth initiatives such as organic andacquired store growth, new alliances and other ventures and acquisitions wemight consider. Let me know turn the call over to our President, Greg Wasson,who will update you on growth initiatives. 
Gregory D. Wasson : Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Id like to briefly touch onrecent progress in our overall strategy to leverage our store box to drivehigher sales while investing in new and expanding health care services to growearnings. Our pharmacy business is strong from every competitive vantage point.Just to remind you, we filled more than 580 million prescriptions in fiscal2007. Today our share of the U.S.retail prescription market is more than 17%. Our drugstore sales on a squarefootage basis are $797 among the highest in the industry. As you know, fiscal2008 will not be a year of major new generic drug launches. This is simply partof the ebb and flow of generic introductions. However, we expect to see a newwave of generics in 2009 through 2011 which will bolster and accelerate ourprofit in those years. For example, looking ahead to the next several years,drugs coming off brand include [Lipitor and Nectim] but keep in mind it isdifficult to forecast with certainty the timing of generic launches.  As important as mainstream prescription drugs are to our business, werealso positioned to take advantage of the fastest growing area of pharmacy,specialty pharmacy, which is rising at a rate of 20% a year. You will recallthat our acquisition of Option Care last summer is a key part of our growth inspecialty pharmacy. I am pleased to report that the integration of Option Careis progressing on plan. This success demonstrates our ability to affectivelyintegrate sensible acquisitions into our broader platform. Consistent with ourstrategy of strengthening our healthcare relationships with consumers, wecontinue to roll out our Take Care Health Clinics during the quarter. Today wehave about 120 clinics operating in 15 cities across 11 states. Again, theconvenience of ordering combined with the cost affective access to basichealthcare services that Take Care Health Clinics offer represent a distinctadvantage.  Take Care Health Clinics offer high quality primary health care services andour staff by nurse practitioners position assistance. We work in collaborationwith primary care physicians. We have an excellent model to retrofit ourexisting stores and we anticipate having more than 400 clinics operational bythe end of calendar 2008. Our early studies indicate that approximately 20% ofTake Care Health patients choose to fill their prescriptions at Walgreens arenot existing Walgreens pharmacy patients. Our financial assumptions for theseclinics are based solely on healthcare reimbursement and cash fees for commonmedical procedures such as vaccinations, basic diagnostic testing and similaractivities. Incremental pharmacy volumes and front-end sales are not consideredin our financial [inaudible].  We continue to look at opportunities to expand access to Walgreens as atrusted source for basic healthcare services. An example of this is our move tooperate pharmacies at non-traditional venues such as Childrens Hospital in L.A.and Northwestern Memorial Hospital here in Chicago.We also have pharmacies onsite at corporate campuses of large employers such asToyota Motor Manufacturing. You may have seen that during the quarter we madethe decision to withdraw as a pharmacy provider for four prescription plansmanaged by [CVS Caremark] due to their unacceptably low below market reimbursementrates. While we continue to seek a negotiated solution, this wont have amaterial financial impact on our results.  Thank you for your attention let me turn the call back to Jeff to discussour strategy.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Thanks Greg. I want to spend the last few minutes of our prepared remarks onour corporate strategy and outline how our superior competitive will lead us tofuture growth and deliver long-term [inaudible] value. We are focused on going on market leadership for strength in our competitiveposition. We intend to actively and aggressively manage organic store expansionto capture the best retail corners nationwide. We continue to make sales focusand customer focus investments in our stores, supply chain marketing andinfrastructure. Were expanding into adjacent sectors of pharmacy andhealthcare services through our acquisitions of Option Care, Medmark,[inaudible] and Senior Med. [inaudible] will allow our patients to continueusing Walgreens services as they develop needs for infusion therapy orspecialty pharmacy products, or moving into an assisted living setting. We willprudently evaluate acquisitions that enhance our core service offerings, expandour convenience and meet our [inaudible] goals.  So, how are we uniquely positioned to capitalize on this strategy anddeliver that shareholder value? First and foremost with more than 6,000locations, significant buying power and high service levels, we have anexceptional retail platform that can be leveraged across both the front and theback of the store. As a pharmacy provider we believe our independencedifferentiates us and enables us to successful compete for business as aprovider of choice. We believe any efforts to restrict us [inaudible] provideour networks will prove counterproductive [inaudible] will underscore theinherent conflict of interest to vertically innovative business model. Organicstore growth remains a key part of our strategy. This year we plan to open 550stores for a net increase of 475 stores after relocations and closings. Inaddition, we are targeting total square footage growth of approximately 8% peryear. Geographically were aggressively expanding in the northeast and California.These areas have higher real estate costs and in some cases, smaller propertieswith which to work. So were using a flexible and adaptable store model tocustomize product selection similar to our successful stores in denselypopulated urban markets, such as San Francisco. While the break even period is longer for these stores due to higher realestate and development costs, experience has shown that their sales growthtends to be sustained over a longer period than stores in less dense markets. Inother words, these stores continue to improve the performance for many moreyears after they break even. Over the long term, we expect our [inaudible] andsales per square foot to increase as we bring the higher mix of these storesinto our system. In short, we are no where near the saturation point; there isplenty of room to grow. We have the right strategy to get there. Were also growingmarket share through buy-outs of independent pharmacies which playsparticularly tough economic times, pharmacy reimbursements fall in both thepublic and private sectors. We completed a record number of 200 independentpharmacy buy-outs in fiscal 2007 and we expect this trend to continue. Our strong balance sheet provides us with the ability to be opportunisticand flexible in pursuit of growth. Our 50% debt to total cap ratio positionedus ideally in this regard. When you look at the different levers we have as an organization,we believe we are well positioned to deliver consistent growth.  That concludes our formal remarks and now we will turn to your questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. Could you quantify the benefit from the lower legalinsurance and store closing costs in the quarter. Was that all of the 19 basispoint decline in the SG&A? Is that how we should think about that?
William M. Rudolphsen : No Ed, thats not, Id say the major reason for the increase or the changein the growth rate was store salaries. We grew at 18% in the first quarter oflast year, only 9.5% this year. Id say about a third of that improvement isrelated to store salaries. 
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay but the year over year lower SG&A rate of 19 basis points, thatsmostly the legal, the insurance and the store closing costs right?
William M. Rudolphsen :  [inaudible] sales basis, that iscorrect.
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then Jeff I was hoping youcould discuss comp trends a little bit. Your comps have obviously deceleratedsomewhat and I understand that generics is playing a role in that, butobviously from the information you provided, your new store comps are stillrobust so can you help us dissect what your older stores are comping at thisstandpoint if we call it stores older than five years? And then what should weexpect now going forward the rest of this year, particularly on the front-endas it seems like things might be slowing down a little bit?
Jeffrey A. Rein : They still are going very well. We did see a traffic slowdown in mid Octoberand thats what we talked about in November. So that traffic slowdown, you sawthe customer buying down a little bit and the customer count once again wentdown a bit. The comp stores are still doing very well in those stores open morethan three years. Is that what youre referring to?
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Yeah, Im talking about your more mature stores. 
Jeffrey A. Rein : Right, theyre still doing very well in terms of comp sales, but once againoverall we did see a decrease in customer count starting in about mid October whenthe sub prime and crisis became big news. We saw people trading down a littlebit and that slowed down the comp store sales a bit. With regard to the rest ofthe year, it is a top economic environment right now, but of course were notcommenting particularly on sales for this month and also how its going to befor the rest of the year. 
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: I want you to think about what your promotional strategy is going to begoing forward on the front-end, do we think about it as getting more aggressivebecause of this?
Jeffrey A. Rein : We will do what we need to do to either meet or beat competition. If we needto get more aggressive, we certainly can. We do a good job day in, day out. Ihave no problems with that. Weve always been promotionally oriented not onlyin our ads but in the way we merchandize our stores. As you know, most of theproducts that we sell in our stores are low end products and they lendthemselves to promotional building. People come into our stores based onconvenience looking for 1.6 items, they leave with 3.3 items. That has beenvery, very consistent whether the economy is great or the economy is poor. So Ithink well do just fine, just fine in the months ahead. 
Edward Kelly  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patricia Baker  Merrill Lynch
Patricia Baker  Merrill Lynch: Good morning everyone, I dont want to dwell very much on the fourth quarterbut since we didnt have the benefit of this exact access with that quarter,can you just go back and explain to us why you think the fourth quarter did endup with much higher SG&A than was anticipated? Just so that we have abetter understanding going forward.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Yes Patricia, in the fourth quarter of 2007 we did a very poor job ofmanaging and focusing on expenses. We are a $0.03 company and thats our mantraright now, a $0.03 company. We have got to remain focused. During that timeperiod, our payroll was out of sight. We also had [inaudible] expenses andadvertising that we had in the fourth quarter of last year that we did not havein the previous year. So once again, I would say it was a lack of focus. As youcan tell by this quarter, theres more focus on controlling discretionarycosts; we are making sure that when we have the budgets and the sales those arebeing matched up. Were taking [outliners] back to budget. Obviously if theyget and do more sales then the budget is saying, then they get more hours. Butif they do not, then we take hours out. The biggest leverage that the storemanager can control in terms of expenses is that payroll salary line. Onceagain, by matching up the budgeted hours with the budget sales, we will dobetter.
Patricia Baker  Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you, that helps us understand it better. 
Operator: Our next question is from Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers: Id like to talk a little bit more about first quarter expenses, the 18%SG&A growth you had in the first quarter last year, I believe some of thatwas related to Happy Harry. I dont know how much of that was payroll but is itfair to say that some of the improvement in the payroll this year is of afunction of fully integrating Happy Harry and that those were sort of one-timecosts? 
Jeffrey A. Rein : I wouldnt say that completely Meredith. The reason being its an ongoingprocess with Harrys. Weve obviously put some payroll in but the stores werenot necessarily all set completely. Were still going through that right nowwith them, to make sure the [inaudible] are set to Walgreens system. So Iwould not classify that at all as the main reason. The main reason once againthat we controlled expenses is that we had diligent efforts and were trackingit on a daily and weekly basis much better than we did in the past. 
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers: Okay and then Id like to just ask some questions about the slides you werekind enough to provide us about pharmacy productivity both front-end and onething I noted is a footnote that youve excluded the 24-hour stores. Can youtell us how many of the stores youve been opening are 24-hours and then I havejust a follow-up question related to that.
Jeffrey A. Rein : To answer the 24-hour question, when you say opening, do you mean openingper year? Right now we have approximately 27% of our company 24-hours, about1,600 stores that are 24-hours. Its hard to determine exactly to say how manywere going to open per year because obviously its based on script numbers,the competition and so on, so that ebbs and flows. But right now, weve beenaround 27%, 28%; well probably stay about that range for quite awhile. Youhave other questions regarding the charts?
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers: Yeah, well I mean you had excluded those 27% of the stores more or less fromthese charts, I just wanted to understand that, but also can you talk aboutover the same five year time frame where youve had very stable sales andscript count, whats happened to labor and real estate costs? Have they alsobeen equally stable?
William M. Rudolphsen : Yes, theyve been fairly stable. Certainly as we do expand into thenortheast and California as Jeffmentioned, we would see slightly higher occupancy costs in those areas. Butoverall our costs have been fairly stable. 
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers: And finally just the chart you do where you look at return on averageinvested capital, are you capitalizing leases in that calculation?
William M. Rudolphsen : Yes we are.
Meredith Adler  Lehman Brothers: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wolf  BB&T Capital Markets
Andrew Wolf  BB&T CapitalMarkets: Good morning, I just wanted to ask you about the  from your commentary onthe  it sounds like youre making good progress on the payroll side of the businessbut actually theres  its got to be carefully done, but it sounds liketheres more to come. Am I understanding that right and if so, what sort of,could you somehow give some quantification of how much more labor rates can bemanaged down?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Thanks for the question. I dont want to give an exact figure on how muchmore can be managed down. It is a lot more focused than ever before. Onceagain, during the last summer we just did not do a good job of focusing on it,week to week to week. We are definitely doing it now. Focusing on [inaudible]from a corporate point of view and also engaged store level to make sure welook at that payroll. Its more judicious use of payroll and once again we lookat the out-liers. We have templates that the manager and district manager andstore ops Vice President agree upon, that how many hours are allotted to everystore including pharmacy and front-end. If the sales are there then were okay.If the sales get much better than anticipated, obviously we can put hours on.If they get much worse than anticipated we can take hours out. One thing weobviously dont want to do is hurt service levels and as Ive mentioned in thepast, weve had a pretty track record now of having decreased servicecomplaints in our stores. Its a focused effort on taking care of the customer,taking care of the patient and once again were not going to be so silly as tocut payroll to the bone where we hurt ourselves. We dont want to do that. Wewant to take care of our people and we want to take care of our customers andpatients all the time. 
Gregory D. Wasson : The other thing that we did do intelligently, back to the 24-hour, we didtake a look at some of the 24-hour stores that we had and rolled back a fewthat maybe didnt make sense and we may have been a little aggressive over theyears in adding some of those 24-hour locations. We rolled a few back thathelps us a little bit in that area. Again, as Jeff said, just an intelligentfocus on labor costs. Our managers and our district managers in the field havedone a great job responding.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Thats a good point by Greg. Were reviewing the districts; we actually hadsome districts that were 50% 24-hour stores. We just didnt need that for thecoverage. 
Andrew Wolf  BB&T CapitalMarkets: Okay so it sounds like you can at least maintain the current discipline andperhaps do some fine tuning to come.
Jeffrey A. Rein : I think thats a good way to say it; a fine tuning is the best way to [steady]youre right.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T CapitalMarkets: Okay and my follow-up if I might is just on the pharmacy side of thebusiness, both at Walgreens and other public chains and the industry at large,this year has been a little slower than last year in the prescription businessand as you all dissect it, theres different reasons. One is obviously yourelapping in the Part D infusion last year, Wal-Mart and others have made acompetitive bid for business, the economy, add flu, how would you when you lookat this year being a little slower than last year, how do you ascribe theslowing, slight slow down in the scripts?
Jeffrey A. Rein : I would agree with those reasons you listed and Medicare Part D, the fluobviously is playing a part of it. The economy as you mentioned. I think anotherthing coming into play is employers putting more cost on employees. As you seeco-pays rising people unfortunately do not fill their medications as much aspossible. But I think what youre seeing is more and more people are gettingaccess to care. Im quite confident the numbers will go up as people get accessto care. For example, through our Take Care Clinics and other clinics that areout there. I think people want to stay well, as insurance companies pay forvisits to the Take Care Clinics for example. That encourages people to comeinto the system. Before, they might be putting it off, for example they didntwant to go to a doctor, they know its very expensive. They just wait it out.Theres also been not a lot of negative publicity as you know regarding variouscough syrups and other medications and people might be taking a little bit of ajaundiced view of it. Well let me just wait it out and see what happens. Itsour job though as a pharmacist and pharmacy profession, to encourage people totake their medication on a regular basis. I think thats one of our biggestopportunities for us to grow numbers, is to get people to be compliant and adhereon their medications. You know if you miss your medication for a day on [Astatine]for example, or something for high blood pressure, youre not going to feel anydifferent. But if we can show people that you know what, youre going to feelbetter, youre going to be around to see your grandchildren in the years tocome, then it will make a big difference and theres our opportunity in thisindustry is to drive compliance and adherence.
Andrew Wolf  BB&T CapitalMarkets: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Miller  William Blair & Company LLC
Mark Miller  William Blair & CompanyLLC: Good morning, first one to say thank you for posting this forum. I thinkits going to be helpful for the dialogue going forward. I want to follow-up onan earlier question about the rate of expense control weve seen so far andBill you talked about you can improve additional things going forward. I hopeyou can elaborate on that and then Jeff you mentioned the non-critical projectson hold. How long can those stay on hold if the economy does tighten up, howmuch ability do you have to bring down the expense growth rate further?
Jeffrey A. Rein : We have a lot of ability to bring that down as needed without being silly orstupid about it. Obviously what ever we want to do is, in terms of payroll, isto make sure we dont impact sales. On the expense and [inaudible] we want tomake sure that we dont impact shareholder value for the long term. As you knowtheres always been this unique needs and want-to-do. Some of those want-to-dosare not necessary right now. There are some needs to obviously that we aremoving ahead with, but once again, the wants-to-do we just cant do that. Andany list of projects we obviously have to prioritize what we want to do andwhat we need to make happen and position ourselves well for the future. Interms of the expenses, once again, about one-third of our savings this quarterwas due to payroll, the other two-thirds was due to these higher legal,insurance and store closing costs. Those ebb and flow as you know. And so wecant be exact about those, but the biggest SG&A expense line that we cancontrol is payroll. Payroll represents about 50% of our SG&A and thatswhere, if we have a concentrated effort to make a difference, we can do it. 
Mark Miller  William Blair &Company LLC: In the stores where youve put in the discipline you talked about, have youseen a bigger change in their sales so as comped flowed in November, was thatmore so at those stores that had that greater expense discipline?
Jeffrey A. Rein : No Mark, absolutely not, no, no, no. As a matter of fact its kind ofinteresting. If you look at the stores on an individual basis, typically thosefolks that run the most disciplined payroll have the best stores in terms ofbeing in stock, taking care of the employees, taking care of the customers;everything is great. Its just like inventory for example. You go into somestores and if theyre a lot over in inventory, some folks think well thereshould be no out-of-stocks, but actually those are the worst stores in terms ofbeing in stock.
Gregory D. Wasson : You know our operations folks have done a great job delivering this message tohelp us make this happen. Theyve been in the stores, working with the storesthat might have some challenges making sure its done the right way andintelligently. And theyve been extremely careful and cautious about doinganything that might hurt service levels. I just think its been one heck of anexecution from our store ops folks. 
Mark Miller  William Blair &Company LLC: Thanks, my other question on the slides, looking at the pharmacyproductivity, it moved up in this past year, but it is down from where youvebeen a couple years prior despite overall growth in scripts in the market. Iguess I was hoping you could address that and also explain whether thatscoming from more stores in these new markets so you talk about higherinvestment costs in the new markets on the coast, but do you also start withlower sales productivity and then as more of these stores are coming on isthere some risk that return on capital would actually be weighed down for someperiod of time until enough of them are in the maturity phase of the curve?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Let me answer the first part of that. In terms of the slower growth, as weexpand more into areas where were not as well known, the prescription growthis slower to begin with. But what weve found many, many times particularly inthe northeast and California andso on, that after that four and a half to five year break point, our salesactually go up faster than the other stores in more mature markets. So I thinkwell be okay. Once again long term it shouldnt be a problem in terms ofgrowing the scripts. Bill, do you have anything to add?
William M. Rudolphsen : Yeah Mark, as I look at the numbers I really dont see a material differenceamongst the numbers throughout the years, thats why we posted the chart and Iwould agree with Jeffs comments that we do start out slower in the northeastbut we ramp up over time as the public becomes more and more aware of Walgreensin the market.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Mark a good thing to always keep in mind is that the market share ofpenetration actually drives the ROIC. So once again, in more mature markets thestores come up to that break even point, break even and above, much quickerthan they do in some of the areas where we have less than a two coverage.Thats stores per 100,000. 
Mark Miller  William Blair &Company LLC: And on the ROIC part of the question, its intuitive to me that it wouldweigh in returns, is there some reason why that wouldnt manifest itself in theresults?
William M. Rudolphsen : Yeah Mark early on I would say as we start slower certainly that would weighon the returns but long term we would get where we need to be which is a 15%return on invested capital which is our target. 
Mark Miller  William Blair &Company LLC: Right, thanks, enjoy your holidays.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey 
David Magee  Suntrust RobinsonHumphrey : Good morning, just a question about the generics and your expectations forthe lesser introductions in 2008, would you expect that your generic percentageto still grow this year in the environment and how should we do that? Is itjust less of a positive in this kind of a year or is it actually a negative andthat youve got less to offset older generics that are being axed out, etcetera?
Jeffrey A. Rein : As you know David, the generic, the plan going to generic is actually a lowpoint in 2008 then it picks up in 2009, 2010 significantly. I do believe thatour generic penetration will continue to move up, maybe not quite as quickly ofcourse on a percentage basis because you dont have all the brands going togenerics. But more and more people are familiar with generics, doctors believein generics and the customers and patients know a generic now and are askingfor it. Also its part of the design of the co-pays. Most folks, most employersobviously are keeping those generic co-pays down. As a matter of fact, somecompanies now are starting to waive co-pays on certain generics just so peoplewill take their medication, and thats where I come back to this compliance andadherence. I think theres realization in the health industry in general, thatif we can get people to take their meds then our total health care costs willgo down over time. 
David Magee  Suntrust RobinsonHumphrey : Thank you Jeff, from 10,000 feet, do you think that the genericprofitability would change that much over the next three or four years?
Jeffrey A. Rein : What do you mean change?
David Magee  Suntrust RobinsonHumphrey : Well in terms of just youre net dollar per script reimbursement that youget for generics? Do you expect that to change much?
Jeffrey A. Rein : No. Not on a per script basis, no I dont see that happening. 
David Magee  Suntrust RobinsonHumphrey : Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Jeff do you think, are we headed toward a period of greater ongoingconfrontation between PBMs and retailers over reimbursement, broadly not just[Care Mark], but Medco and Express as well? Are we headed in that direction anddo you see opting out of other plans or no?
Jeffrey A. Rein : You know John, its always been a discussion with the PBMs over the years interms of the reimbursement rate which we feel is needed and fair to us, and atthe same time fair to them. I wouldnt say its more conflict at all. Thesefour plans with [CVS Care Mark] is just something that we havent been able towork out yet. Im hoping that we do come to a resolution but we just have notyet. But in terms of the major PBMs and the conflicts, no I dont see itintensifying at all. I really dont. I think well be just fine in the years tocome. They have their point of view, we have our point of view, but once againwith our coverage and the locations and market share we have, I dont see itchanging from what it was in the past. 
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: With regard to Care Mark, do you sense a different agenda than had been thecase a year ago or this issue you had with these four plans, they would havecropped up whether CVS owned it or not?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Yeah, thats the best way to put it. As you know we have been fighting, ifyou want to term it that way, with the PBMs for a long, long time. Most ofthese dont get to be public knowledge. You would never hear about it. Thesefour plans unfortunately couldnt come to an agreement which was fair to bothsides. Again, were still talking with them. We hope to have a resolution, butno I wouldnt say things are going to get worse at all. And obviously wellcontinue our discussions.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: And then finally, how much of your front-end do you think is reallyeconomically sensitive, is discretionary and of that, of what is discretionary,how price-elastic do you think that is such that if you increase promotions youget a response?
Jeffrey A. Rein : John in my opinion, we are recession resistant, but were not recessionproof. Once again, it depends on your level of income. What might be someonesdiscretionary spend is someones needed spend somewhere else. But withpromotional activity that ebbs and flows as you know, once again, most of oursales happen because folks are in the store. Thats why we want these primelocations on the best corners in America.Once they get them into the store, we are just fine in terms of selling andwhat we need. Now maybe we need to do some price points, lets say instead of$3.19 maybe its $2.99 or two for $5 or something of that nature, but our jobin terms of the [rodos] and the circulars is to get people in the door. Andwell do what we need to do depending on how competition responds and how theeconomy is and how things have been and are going.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Does $3 gas help you in that traffic generation or no?
Jeffrey A. Rein : It is interesting. We are in a neighborhood; were close to home so in thatsense when people have a need, once again, the only time we ask for 1.6 itemsso theyre top of mind. Theyre out of milk, right. Theyre out of bread. Whosnot going to have that for their children in the morning? They think ofWalgreens right off the bat. They think about Walgreens milk, they come to ourstore to buy it and then they pick up something else. So I would say actuallywith gas prices increasing, people are coming to our stores.
John Heinbockel  Goldman Sachs: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Just a couple of questions, one just to clarify, I know weve drilled onthis SG&A subject but what in basis points would it have been OpEx some ofthese one-time items, legal and insurance and store closings?
William M. Rudolphsen : Were not going to release the exact amount but its not a tremendouslysignificant amount. I would again point to as we look at the increase inSG&A last year in the first quarter of 18% versus 9.5% this quarter, themost significant amount of that reduction in the increase was store salariesand we would point to that being about a third of the change.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: But the other two-thirds were pretty much one-time items, not as repeatable?
William M. Rudolphsen : More one-time items, plus other control of expenses in other areas. 
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: And then moving to the gross margin which I dont think weve hit on yetdown 29 [biffs] its somewhat surprising, was that all front-end related as welook at that? How do we think about that going forward with sales slowing a bitin the front-end and then maybe just as a follow-up to that, consumer behaviorseems pretty odd this time around. Usually you guys are the last to slow andsupermarkets havent really slowed much at all, so maybe a comment on why youthink all of a sudden with employment still very robust youre actually seeinga pull-back, of why you think its not related to some of the actions youretaking.
William M. Rudolphsen : On the margin side Scott, our pharmacy margins were up, driven by genericsbut our front-end margins were down as we moved to less profitable categoriesbeing sold. But the front-end was the major factor in the reduction of grossmargins. 
Jeffrey A. Rein : When you look at the sales once again going back to November where itstarted to tail-off, dont forget that cough cold is a big, big part of ourbusiness and before the FDA said anything about childrens cough medications,we were up about 15%. The day after that immediately started to drop. Weactually ended up zero for the time period. Just zero. We have never seen, Idmentioned to several folks, I had never seen us up zero in cough cold.Seasonal-type products we saw starting to decline a bit in November. Onceagain, Halloween was pretty good but not quite as good as we would have likedand we have high expectations of course. Items like vaporizers in November justdidnt sell. They just arent going. People arent buying, they dont needthem, its too warm. Products like mittens and hats and clothing are down 20%.Those products were not selling. So once again in an environment its slowing,people do look at what theyre spending and whats discretionary. They may ormay not be buying some of the promotional items that we offer. I think a lot ofit is dependent on not only what do they think of the future of course in termsof their mortgage, their job and so on, but also the weather does impact us.Particularly on the cough, cold and the flu index side. 
John Spina: I just want to add that you know in a tough economic time, theres so manymoving parts to our sales, its tough to pin it on one thing. So were justgoing to make sure we take care of the customer, we have the right advertising,get them in the door, put that extra item in the basket and go forward. But topredict the future, we just never could do that. Theres too many moving parts.
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Do you at least anticipate all equal in the economy it just kind of keepschugging along the way it is, which is just so-so, that this gross marginpressure will continue through the year?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Well see how it goes. We dont comment on which way its going one way orthe other. Its a tough economic environment as we said before, we all read thesame papers and see the headlines and so on, but we will have to see how thatgoes. 
Scott Mushkin  Banc of America Securities: Thanks guys and thanks again for doing this, I know someone else said thatbut its really appreciated. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan
Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan: Thank you and good morning. Jeff I think you talked a little bit aboutexpansion of your healthcare strategy and Im just wondering if you can maybetalk about areas that youre looking at. I also think that someone made thecomment that especially pharmacy is fully integrated or unplanned, can you talkabout how your integrating specialty pharmacy into your front-end pharmacy andagain just coming back to how you view the overall strategy for healthcareoffering.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Lisa, just to let you know, we dont comment on any acquisitions that may ormay not be happening. Weve never done that in the past and obviously were notgoing to comment right now. What we are trying to do with our strategy is makesure that we can take care of folks pharmaceutical needs. In the past wevebeen able to serve folks, in many cases, from the time they were born untilmaybe 65 to 70 and then were out of the picture. It just doesnt make a lot ofsense to us so we with the acquisitions that weve done, whether its OptionCare, Med Mark, [inaudible] and Senior Meds, it allows us to take care of thatpatient from cradle to grave. And everything were doing and seeing is thatmore and more of the pharmaceutical needs of people can be met by the infusionor specialty side. And by the way, these folks who obviously have to be infusedor take specialty meds also take other medications. So if we get the specialtyperson, you also get whatever else theyre taking that they can take orally.Greg I think you had some comments also on this specialty.
Gregory D. Wasson : Yes, I believe obviously a big area of focus for us is the specialty andfusion area. Obviously with it growing at 15%, 20%, $60 billion today, thatcould double in the next five years, maybe even triple. So its a huge area offocus for us. As we know, pharmacy, the science of pharmacy is moving more andmore toward biologicals; we want to be there. So we invested a year ago in [MetMart] and bought a lot of expertise and manufacturer relations. With OptionCare we bought what we feel is one of the best national platforms and homeinfusion. Were working at integrating the specialty side of that with thefusion side as we speak. Thats going well. As far as the retail opportunities,we do think that theres going to be opportunity to leverage the retailpharmacy as well as to take care of healthcare clinics.
Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan: And on the retail pharmacy side, are you using your pharmacist in aconsultative way to talk about specialty pharmacy so if someone walks in topick up a specialty prescription they dont have a specialty pharmacy companytoday, are you using that opportunity to try to cross-sell some of the newservices that Walgreens has?
Gregory D. Wasson : Were heading towards that. Were not as far along as we expect to be in thenear future. We absolutely want to determine what it is that a store levelpharmacist should and could add to that specialty patient to provide value. Certainlythe combination between the centralized model, the pharmacist and nurses thatwe have to assist to pharmacist at the store level combined with the actionthat can be delivered at the point of care, is going to be, we believe extremelydifferentiating for us.
Jeffrey A. Rein : Just to remind you that infusion doesnt necessarily have to bedone in afacility although we dooffer that. It can bedone in thehome. It can bedone in our stores.One of the things thatmanufacturers and insurers getvery worried about of course is, is their medication being used and is itbeing used properly. When they areable to get to someonelike Walgreens thats easily accessible, we can make sure that they take theirmedication. The payoris assured that themedication was used. Themanufacturer doesnt have to worry about returns. Soits very important that we service these people correctly and thats whyinfusion is sodifficult, but we think were positioned quite correctly because itdoes take a lot oftime, a lot of effort.Also when you Take Care Clinics, youre probably familiar with this but thatsanother way to getpeople into theWalgreens system and getthose folks healthcare and thats why theinsurance companies arenow paying for that healthcare. Because if they can getfolks into the systemearlier, they can gettaken care of at theneed medication, they getthat. It avoids thehospital visit or anemergency room visit and helps to keep thetotal healthcare costs down. 
Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan: Jeff are you working with the plan sponsors, to advertise for example TakeCare Clinics to a certain health plans members so they know and understand thatthe service offering you have?
Gregory D. Wasson : Certainly were working with the [inaudible] plans as we sign up and enterinto contracts with them and certainly encourage them to help us promote ourclinics. It certainly makes sense for them as well to lower their overallhealthcare costs.
Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan: And then just one last follow-up, obviously AMP has been brushed off by thecurrent court ruling, well probably find out at some point in January as towhere it will move, aside from Medicaid, can you talk at all about any of yourother business that will be impacted by changes in reimbursement around theFederal upper limit or around AMP?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Lisa, its very hard to comment on that right now. We dont know thedetails. We have no idea of the metrics theyre using and how theyre going tofigure AMP. We just dont know so its very tough to comment on that now. Whenwe have more information, obviously well be glad to talk about it. We justdont know how its going to end up.
Lisa Gill  J.P. Morgan: Okay great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley 
Mark Wiltamuth  Morgan Stanley : Hi, congratulations on your cost control. Looking at your chart there forthe last five years youre SG&A growth has ranged between 11% and 18%, Ihear you did a 9.5% growth number, do you think you can stay down at that 10%range for the balance of the year?
Jeffrey A. Rein : Thats a good question. Thats going to be difficult to do. What werereally shooting for obviously, just as I said before, is around 11% to 12%overall. In trying to get down to that 9% year after year, I think that wouldbe tough particularly to opening new stores. If we werent opening all of thesenew stores, 550 of them next year, then I believe we could control expenseseven better. But when youre opening all of these new stores, you have to hirefolks ahead of time. Were going into smaller towns so it requires a little bitmore help to get those stores open because you dont have folks to draw from ina mature market. So once again I dont want to commit to a 9% or 10% with openingall these new stores.
William Rudolphsen:  We have done avery good job in thepast of matching our SG&A growth to our gross profits. Thats our intent for thefuture. We fell off thewagon a little bit inthe fourthquarter. Were coming back and thats theplan going forward.
Mark Wiltamuth - MorganStanley : Can you give us anindication, I know labor reductions areone of the major goalshere. How have you done on scaling back some of those 24-hour stores and whatdoes that look like to thecustomer as youve been doing that?
Jeff Rein:  Weve taken approximately 60 down year over year. But onceagain, its all basedon what the needs areof that particular store. Atleast some folks got alittle too aggressive and opened a24-hour store just to try and capture more volume. Thats not asmart way to run thebusiness, to have allof that open, for thestore to be open whenyou dont need to cover those expenses like that.  I just want to remind you though that year over year westill have more 24-hour stores than we did last year atthis time. Once again, were trying torationalize the use ofthese 24-hour stores and make sure we aresmart business people and match up thesales with whats actually needed.
Mark Wiltamuth - MorganStanley : Inyour November press release you talked alittle bit about discounting inthe market place. Was that more on thefront end or was itdiscounting to capture prescriptions? Ifyou could just characterize whats going on out there.
Jeff Rein:  That was inreference to the frontend. Itwas more in thefront end.
Mark Wiltamuth - MorganStanley : On theTake Care clinics, how much of anearnings drag are yousuffering right now as those stores getstarted? What year doyou think youll shift to profitability?
Jeff Rein:  Bill, could you answer that please?
William Rudolphsen:  Yes Mark, theearnings drag is going to beabout $75 million for theyear; $0.05 earnings pershare. Thebreakeven point, itprobably is going to take about ayear to two years for units to gain share and become profitable. Soits all going tohinge on how fast we rollthem out. Certainly we arerolling a lot of theseout in calendar2008. Were going to have about 400 ofthem by then end of next calendar year, soits difficult to project beyond that.
Gregory Wasson:  This is Greg. Idlike to add that theencouraging part of what were seeing is some of our more mature markets,mature clinics those that areover a year, inmany cases were already exceeding [inaudible].
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Summers - Bear Stearns.
Bob Summers - BearStearns:  Not to beat adead horse here, but just trying to understand thedirect store expenses and I want to make sure that I heard you correctly when yousaid that direct store expense dollars grew faster than sales, if you couldmaybe frame that alittle bit for us?  Tying that into thecash flow statement, Iam just trying tounderstand why cash flowfrom ops, you had adeterioration versus last year and itlooks like there were some significant changes,particularly on theaccrued expense line. If you could maybewalk us through that? Thanks.
William Rudolphsen:  Cash flowfrom operations, we did have animpact versus last year. Last year wehad the Ovationscontract through our PBM. That reallygave a lift to ourcash flow, probably inthe $300 millionrange. We dont have that contract thisyear. Soas we turn thecalendar year, we will bemore comparable on cash flowand I would expect accruals.  On thedirect store expense line, that again grew faster than sales, but itdidnt grow as fastas it had inprior periods, just like store salaries.
Operator: Our final question will come from Derek Leckow - Barrington Research.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  Itlooks like you were able to take advantage of theweakness in thestock recently to buy back some stock. Could you give us anupdate on your buyback program?
William Rudolphsen:  We have not been buying back stock, Derek. Atthis point we areinvesting in thecompany. We certainly doconsider it, but atthis point we dont have excess cash to return to shareholders. We dohave about $1.2 billion inCT atthis point in time.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  Sowe should probably anticipate that to befairly flattish going forward?
William Rudolphsen:  I dowant to make sure that you know that we dobuy back stock for our employee program and thats probably what youre seeing inthe cash flow.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  Afinal question on theTake Care clinics, you said that youre seeing apositive lift in somemature markets but I just wondered if you could talk on astore level basis, what happens to store profitability when you initially openone of these clinics?
Jeff Rein:  We havent really seen anything. Its been very, I would sayits de minimus whenyou talk about something like that. Onceagain, youre getting people into theWalgreens system. We really havent measured that interms of what youre asking. What wewant to do is getpeople into theWalgreens system, approximately 20% of folks coming inare new to Walgreens. Ithelps them get into oursystem and getfamiliar with our stores. They gettheir pharmacy needs atour stores, they getexposed to photo, cosmetics and soon. And, they arebeing serviced properly interms of healthcare needs. SoI wouldnt quantify itat this point.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  But longer term, isnt ittrue that youre expecting to seesome incremental lift insome of these other categories when you open up these clinics? Or areyou not anticipating that?
Jeff Rein:  Yes, that is true. Whenwe did the proforma for them, we didnt add anything inbut yes, you do seecross shopping. Obviously if peopledont need aprescription, sometimes they need anOTC so they will buy itthere. There is theopportunity to sell other products; that is true.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  Okay, thank you very much.
Rick J. Hans: Well, thats itfolks. Thats our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We sincerely hope you found this call usefuland have a clearunderstanding of our financial results and outlook. Were committed to maintaining anopen dialogue with you and look forward to speaking with you again andanswering your questions inthe future. Our next scheduled financial announcementwill be January 3 whenwe release our December monthly sales results.  We also invite our shareholders to our annual meeting onJanuary 9 at Navy Pierin Chicago. For those of you unable to attend, you canlisten via thesimulcast available on our Investor Relations website. Until then, we wish you alla happy holiday and ahealthy New Year.  Id also like to take amoment to wish my daughter aHappy Birthday, shes sixtoday. By thefact that shes aWinter Solstice baby, she sure can throw alot of light into theroom. SoHappy Birthday, Catherine. Thanks again for listening. Remember, youre always welcome atWalgreens.
Operator: That does conclude our call for today. Thank you allfor your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-10-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Director of Finance
Rick Hans : Hello, and welcome to Walgreens audio webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ending Aug. 31, 2007. Im Rick Hans, Walgreens Director of Finance, and Id like to thank you for tuning in. We invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our web site. Before we begin, Id like to go over the safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006, for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Today we announced our 33rd consecutive year of record sales and profits, although earnings in the fourth quarter decreased. Fiscal 2007 sales were up 13.4% to a record $53.8 billion, while fiscal year net earnings rose 16.6% to $2.04 billion or $2.03 per share, diluted  also a record. For the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31, sales were up 10.3% to a record $13.4 billion. Net earnings for the fourth quarter declined 3.8% to $397 million or 40 cents per share, diluted. As we mentioned in our press release, this quarter experienced several factors that drove down our profits. They included: lower reimbursements on some generic drugs introduced in summer 2006, including simvastatin, the generic version of Zocor; higher salary and store expenses, to go along with increased advertising costs; and an increase in our LIFO inflation index that resulted in a $32 million charge this quarter versus a $26.1 million charge a year ago. Despite the fourth quarter, we recorded a strong fiscal year performance with earnings up 16.6% and earnings per diluted share up 18.0% . I should point out that store sales continued their strong results in the fourth quarter. Front-end comparable drugstore sales  for stores open more than a year  rose 6.1% , while the number of prescriptions filled at comparable stores rose 4.0% . Thats a solid number, especially when you take into consideration last years lift from Medicare Part D by looking at the two-year stacked comparable prescriptions filled increases. Those figures show an 11% increase in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter saw our expansion program continue unabated, with the opening of 269 new or acquired stores that lifted us to a record 621 new stores for the year. That includes 120 acquired stores, 58 of which came from our Option Care, Inc. acquisition. After relocations and closings, we had a record net gain of 536 stores this year. For fiscal 2008, we plan to open about 550 new drugstores, including our first store in Hawaii in November. Taking a closer look at our sales, total comparable drugstore sales continue to be strong, increasing 6.3% for the quarter and 8.1% for the year. Pharmacy sales climbed 10.5% in the fourth quarter and 14.7% for the year. Pharmacy sales in comparable drugstores rose 6.5% in the quarter and 9.5% for the year. As we dispense more generic drugs, they slow our pharmacy sales increases because of their lower price. Thats why we believe a better indicator of pharmacy performance is the number of prescriptions filled. In fiscal 2007, that number increased 10.0% to 583 million, or nearly 17% of all retail prescriptions in the country. On a comparable store basis, the number of prescriptions filled in fiscal 2007 increased 5.7% . Our gross profit margins for the fourth quarter increased 34 basis points versus the year-ago quarter to 27.98 as a percent to sales. This quarter includes a LIFO charge of $32.0 million versus a charge of $26.1 million a year ago. The total LIFO charge in fiscal 2007 was $69.3 million versus $95.3 million the previous year. Pharmacy margins increased, but some of that benefit was offset by an overall shift toward the pharmacy business, which carries lower margins than front-end merchandise. This quarter also vividly demonstrated that pharmacy gross profit margins on some drugs can increase on a percentage basis even while the gross profit dollars they produce fall. Front end margins increased as a result of a shift in sales mix to higher margin items. Fourth quarter selling, occupancy and administration expenses increased 15.3% or 103 basis points from the previous year, from 22.45 to 23.48 as a percent to sales. SO&A margins were impacted by new, lower-cost generic drugs, which slowed pharmacy sales growth by 5.0 percentage points and total sales growth by 3.1 percentage points in the quarter. The amount spent on SO&A grew because of higher salary and store expenses and increased advertising costs. We have begun a rigorous review of all expense items and will quickly take the necessary steps to better control them. We benefited from a lower tax rate in this years fourth quarter of 35.0% compared to 36.7% in the year-ago quarter, primarily the result of a lower effective state tax rate. The consolidated balance sheet and statement of cash flows can be found with our press release. For the year, cash and short-term investments decreased from $1.34 billion at the end of last years fourth quarter to a net commercial paper issuance of $624 million at the end of this years fourth quarter. Youll recall that we closed on the $850 million acquisition of Option Care, Inc., in this years fourth quarter. Other factors also contributed to the change in our cash position. Accounts receivable increased 8.4% , while accounts payable decreased 7.6% . LIFO inventories increased 12.2% versus a year ago on a fourth quarter sales gain of 10.3% . Finally on the statement of cash flows, capital expenditures in fiscal 2007 were $1.8 billion compared to $1.3 billion in 2006. The company expects to invest more than $2 billion in fiscal 2008 on capital investments, including new stores, technology and a new distribution center in Connecticut scheduled to open in fiscal 2009. For the fiscal year 2007, we repurchased 15.5 million shares of stock for $688 million. Approximately half of those shares were repurchased under our 2004 share repurchase program, and the other half were purchased under our four-year, $1 billion share repurchase plan announced in January 2007. While we wrapped up our 33rd consecutive year of record sales and earnings, we know our fourth quarter performance isnt what shareholders expect. Many of the challenges we faced in this quarter will continue, including comparisons to last years blockbuster generics and growth in Medicare Part D prescriptions. But were confident of our ability to manage these challenges in a the way our investors expect us to. This is our top priority, and were confident we will better manage expense control and lower reimbursements going forward. We feel that the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Growth in pharmacy sales will continue as the population ages; our store managers and corporate merchandisers will keep up the innovation thats driving great front-end comparable sales increases; and new product and service introductions will give customers more reasons to shop our stores. Expansion will continue on all fronts. We plan to open 550 new stores in fiscal 2008 for a net gain of 475 stores after relocations and closings. In addition, well look at acquisitions when the right opportunity arises. And Take Care Health Systems, our subsidiary that manages convenient care clinics inside our drugstores, will grow dramatically over the next year with plans to have more than 400 clinics open by the end of calendar 2008. These investments are important drivers for the companys future performance. Thank you for listening. Our next earnings announcement, for the first quarter of fiscal 2008, is scheduled for Dec. 21st. Once again, thanks for being a Walgreen shareholder, and remember, Youre Always Welcome at Walgreens.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-06-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-03-26 08:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Rick Hans - Director of Finance 
Rick Hans: Hello, and thanks for tuning in to Walgreens audio webcast for the second quarter of fiscal year 2007. Im Rick Hans, Walgreens Director of Finance, and I invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our web site.  Before we begin, Id like to go over the safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006, for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.  Today we announced second quarter earnings were up 24.5% to $652 million, or $0.65 per share diluted. That came on a sales increase of 14.6% to $13.9 billion. For the first six months of fiscal 2007, sales increased 15.5% to $26.6 billion. Net earnings rose 24.7% to $1.08 billion or $1.07 per share, diluted.  A strong Christmas season led our front-end sales in the quarter. In fact, we gained market share in 58 of our top 60 core product categories versus our drugstore, grocery and mass merchant competitors compared to a year ago.  This years store growth remains ahead of last years pace, as we plan for 500 new drugstores to open during fiscal 2007. We opened or acquired 223 new stores in the first half of this fiscal year, compared to 222 in the year-ago period. That brought our store count to 5,641 as of Feb. 28, a net increase of 485 from a year ago. We remain on track to operate more than 7,000 stores in 2010. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-12-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Director of Finance
Rick Hans : Hello and Happy Holidays. Welcome to Walgreens' audio webcast for the first quarter ending November 30, 2006. I am Rick Hans, Walgreens' Director of Finance, and I would like to thank you for tuning in. We invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our website. Before we begin, I would like to go over the Safe Harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006 for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Today we announced first quarter earnings were up 24.9% to $432 million or $0.43 per share diluted. That came on a sales increase of 16.6% to $12.7 billion. At the same time, we opened an unprecedented 143 new stores in the first quarter. This puts us well on our way toward opening 500 new stores in fiscal 2007, with a net increase of more than 400 stores. It also keeps us on track to reach our goal of operating more than 7,000 stores in 2010. Taking a closer look at our sales, total comparable store sales for stores open more than a year were up 9.7% in the quarter, while front-end comparable store sales rose 5.8%. Comparable pharmacy sales in the quarter were up 11.9%, while total pharmacy sales climbed 18.7%. The number of prescriptions filled in comparable stores rose 7.4%. Gross profit margins increased 60 basis points versus the year-ago quarter to 28.14 as a percent of sales. The combined growth in generic drug sales and higher front-end margins led the increase, but that was partly offset by lower margins under the Medicare Part D program and by an overall sales shift toward the pharmacy business, which has lower margins than our front-end business. Make no mistake, though; Medicare Part D has been very good for us. Even though low reimbursements under the program mean we earn less money on each Part D prescription, we have attracted more seniors to our pharmacies to make up for the lower payments. This is just what we anticipated happening since the start of the program. Meanwhile, selling, occupancy and administration expenses as a percent of sales increased 28 basis points to 22.85. Among the factors for the increase were costs associated with acquisitions, including the 76 acquired Happy Harry stores and Walgreens Health Services acquisitions, and provisions for legal matters. Partially offsetting those factors were lower store salary and occupancy costs as a percent of sales. The growth in lower-priced generic drugs also impacted SO&A as a percent of sales by slowing our revenue line. But we don't mind that, because of the help we get from generics with gross profit dollars. The effective annual tax rate for the first quarter this year was 36.75% compared to 37% in last year's first quarter. The reduction mostly results from our participation in a Florida corporate tax credit scholarship program for children from low-income families. The consolidated balance sheet and statement of cash flows can be found with our press release. Cash and short-term investments decreased from $896 million at the end of last year's first quarter to $769 million at the end of this year's first quarter. Accounts receivable were up 56.5%, while accounts payable increased 37.8%. Both were driven by growth in our pharmacy benefit management business under the new Medicare Part D prescription plan. LIFO inventories increased 12.2% from the year-ago quarter on a first quarter sales gain of 16.6%. Meanwhile, depreciation and amortization increased 20.5% from $133 million to $160 million. In the first quarter, we repurchased 7.9 million shares of stock for $343 million under our four-year $1 billion share repurchase plan announced in July 2004. This completes our entire share repurchase plan one-and-a-half years ahead of schedule. While the last several months have brought plenty of speculation about the effects of $4 generic drugs and industry acquisitions, we have shown with these results just what our core drugstore business is capable of doing. We'll never lack strong competitors, new retail concepts and more regulation; but we have thrived despite those issues, and we feel more confident about our future than ever before. The reasons for that confidence are familiar to anyone who has followed us over the years. The baby boomers are aging and using pharmacies more than ever. More medications are being used to treat more health conditions. When used properly, prescriptions have been shown to lower overall healthcare costs. Medicare's level playing field means our convenient pharmacies are attracting thousands of new seniors to our stores, and our store expansion program is taking advantage of the larger prescription market while growth in the drugstore industry overall is rather stagnant. It may surprise some people to learn that in the past five years, prescriptions filled in the U.S. grew 18% while the number of pharmacies rose only 2%. Meanwhile, the number of Walgreens stores has grown by 55%. We are unique in the industry in our ability to take advantage of higher prescription demand through organic store growth. While our results are dominated by our drugstores, our managed care business under Walgreens Health Services is also growing, as we integrate the specialty pharmacy and homecare acquisitions made over the past year. Our pharmacy benefit manager, Walgreens Health Initiatives, is setting the pace for use of cost-saving generic drugs. In this year's calendar third quarter, WHI's network generic utilization rate of 59.5% was higher than the rate reported by other major PBMs for the same time period. Thank you for listening. Our December sales results will be announced on Wednesday, January 3rd, and our next earnings announcement for the second quarter of fiscal 2007 is scheduled for March 26. Once again, thanks for being a Walgreens' shareholder and remember, you are always welcome at Walgreens. One more thing -- I would like to wish a Happy Birthday to my daughter Katherine. She turned five yesterday. Happy Birthday.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-09-25 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Director of Finance
Rick J. Hans: Hello, and welcome to Walgreens audio webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ending Aug. 31, 2006. Im Rick Hans, Walgreens Director of Finance, and Id like to thank you for tuning in. We invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our web site. Before we begin, Id like to go over the safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Before we review our earnings, Id like to address Wal-Marts announcement last week regarding the selected generic medications that theyll offer for $4. Our initial review of the program leads us to believe it wont significantly impact our business. Nearly 95% of our pharmacy patients have prescription insurance coverage, meaning theyre responsible only for a small co-pay. For the 291 drugs that Wal-Mart will sell for $4, the average co-pay at Walgreens is $5.30 and for Medicare Part D patients, its only $3.18. I should also point out that Wal-Marts program covers less than 300 generic medications, while our pharmacies stock about 1,800 different generics. Over the years, our convenience, locations and services have proven to be bigger factors for our patients than a few dollars in price difference. Getting back to our earnings results, today we announced our 32nd consecutive year of record sales and profits, while we recorded our biggest store expansion year in company history. Including acquisitions and stores affected by Hurricane Katrina, we had a net increase of 476 new stores in fiscal 2006. We plan even more organic growth in fiscal 2007 with the anticipated opening of 500 new drugstores, for a net increase after relocations and closings of more than 400 stores. This past fiscal year saw other significant developments at Walgreens: Now, lets take a look at the fourth quarter income statement. Youll see our sales ended Aug. 31st were up 16.0% to a record $12.2 billion. Net earnings for the quarter were up 25.3% to $412 million or $0.41 per share, diluted. Fiscal 2006 sales were up 12.3% to $47.4 billion, while fiscal year net earnings rose 12.3% to $1.75 billion or $1.72 per share, diluted. Last years quarter includes $54.7 million of pre-tax expenses related to Hurricane Katrina. This years fourth quarter earnings were reduced by $18.8 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses, as required by accounting regulations. Last year, these options werent expensed. The quarter also includes $7.3 million in pre-tax litigation gains. While this years earnings were reduced by $102.5 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses, they benefited from the reversal of $12.3 million of last years $54.7 million in estimated Hurricane Katrina pre-tax expenses. Fiscal 2005 also includes $26.3 million in pre-tax litigation gains versus the previously mentioned $7.3 million in fiscal 2006. Walgreens prescription sales increased 18.0% in the fourth quarter and 13.3% for the year, even with the drag of a mild flu season last winter. Prescription sales in comparable drugstores  thats stores open more than a year  rose 12.3% in the quarter and 9.2% for the year. As many of you are well aware, were dispensing more generic drugs, which have higher profit margins than name-brand drugs but also slow our pharmacy sales increases because of their lower price. Thats why we believe a better indicator of pharmacy performance is the number of prescriptions filled. And in fiscal 2006, that number increased 8.1% to 529 million. On a comparable store basis, the number of prescriptions filled in fiscal 2006 increased 4.5% . Total comparable drugstore sales were up 9.7% for the quarter and 7.7% for the year. Front-end comparable drugstore sales rose 5.2% for the quarter and 5.3% for the year. Our gross profit margins for the fourth quarter decreased 31 basis points versus the year-ago quarter to 27.64 as a percent to sales. This quarter includes a LIFO charge of $26.1 million versus a credit of $2 million a year ago. The total LIFO charge in fiscal 2006 was $95.3 million versus $67.8 million the previous year. Also contributing to the margin decrease were lower pharmacy margins from additional Medicare Part D business along with the continued shift in our overall sales mix toward prescriptions, which carry lower margins than front-end merchandise. Partially offsetting those factors was the introduction of new, higher margin generic medications. Front end margins increased slightly as a result of a shift in sales mix to higher margin items. We recorded a 75-basis point decrease in selling, occupancy and administration expenses to 22.45 when measured as a percent to sales. Benefiting the SO&A ratio were the impact of hurricane expenses on last years quarter, and lower store salary and rent expenses as a percent of sales. Those factors were partially offset by expenses for employee stock option programs. The effective tax rate for this years fourth quarter was 36.7% versus 35.1% for the same period a year ago. Last years lower tax rate primarily resulted from foreign tax credit adjustments. The consolidated balance sheet and statement of cash flows can be found with our press release. For the year, cash and short-term investments increased from $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion as of Aug. 31. Accounts receivable increased 47.7%, while accounts payable increased 38.4% . Both were driven by growth in our pharmacy benefit management business under the new Medicare Part D prescription plan. LIFO inventories increased 8.2% versus a year ago on a fourth quarter sales gain of 16.0% . The improvement came mainly from lower days of supply at store level, both in the pharmacy and the front-end. Finally on the statement of cash flows, capital expenditures in fiscal 2006 were $1.3 billion compared to $1.2 billion in 2005. The company expects to invest approximately $1.7 billion in fiscal 2007 on capital investments, reflecting an expected increase in new stores, technology and a new distribution center in South Carolina scheduled to open by summer 2007. For the fiscal year 2006, we repurchased 6.6 million shares of stock for $290 million under our four-year, $1 billion share repurchase plan announced in July 2004. To date, we have repurchased 15.2 million shares for $657 million. With our 32nd consecutive year of record sales and earnings wrapped up, were looking forward to the opportunities that 2007 will present. One of those opportunities continues to be the Medicare Part D prescription plan, under which were seeing more seniors fill their prescriptions at our pharmacies. As I mentioned earlier, 2007 will be another big year for our expansion program. Well open about 500 new stores with a net gain after closings and relocations of more than 400 stores. We already have enough sites targeted in the U.S. to reach our goal of operating 7,000 stores in 2010. Work also continues on our new distribution center in South Carolina thats scheduled to open by summer 2007 and were following that with another new facility in Connecticut in 2008. Well continue seeking out innovative new products and services to make our stores even more compelling for our customers. A recent example of that is our inkjet printer cartridge refill service, which is available in about 1,500 stores nationwide. The convenience of refilling printer cartridges at our stores for half the price of a new cartridge gives customers another reason to visit us. Finally, we plan to continue growing Walgreens Health Services, our managed care division, through a combination of the right acquisition opportunities and organic growth. Thank you for listening. Once again, thanks for being a Walgreen shareholder, and remember, Youre Always Welcome at Walgreens.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-06-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick J. Hans - Director of Finance
Rick J. Hans: Hello, and thanks for tuning in to Walgreens audio webcast for the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. Im Rick Hans, Walgreens Director of Finance, and I invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our web site. Before we begin, Id like to go over the safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Today we announced third quarter earnings were up 14.2% to $469 million, or $0.46 per share diluted. That came on a sales increase of 12.4% to $12.2 billion. This quarters earnings were reduced by $20.1 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses. Last year these options werent expensed. The quarters earnings also include the benefit of a $13.6 million credit from the settlement of certain prior years Internal Revenue Service matters. I should also note that last years quarter includes a pre-tax gain from litigation settlements of $6.6 million. For the first nine months of fiscal 2006, sales increased 11.1% to $35.2 billion. Net earnings rose 8.8% to $1.34 billion, or $1.31 per share diluted. This years nine month earnings were reduced by $83.7 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses, and include the previously mentioned $13.6 million tax benefit. Last years nine month period includes a similar $7.8 million tax benefit, as well as a pre-tax gain of $26.3 million from litigation settlements. This years third quarter LIFO provision was $24.2 million, the same as the previous years third quarter. Front-end, or non-pharmacy sales were strong in the quarter as we gained market share in 57 of our top 59 core product categories, versus our drug store, grocery and mass merchant competitors, compared to a year ago. Pharmacy sales increases turned the quarter in May after a mild flu season with fewer related prescriptions compared to a year ago. Were also seeing more patients filling prescriptions under the Medicare Drug Benefit program. Pharmacy accounted for 65.2% of our third quarter sales. This years store growth is ahead of last years pace. We opened 112 new stores in the third quarter, compared to 87 in the year ago period. For the first nine months of the fiscal year, we opened or acquired 334 stores, putting us on schedule to open 475 new stores in fiscal 2006, including 390 net new locations. That doesnt include the 76 Happy Harrys pharmacies that will merge with Walgreens when that transaction closes in the coming weeks. Our store count as of May 31 is 5,251 - a net increase of 414 from a year ago. We remain on track to operate more than 7,000 stores in 2010. Taking a closer look at sales - total comparable drug store sales for stores open more than a year - were up 7.6% in the quarter, while front end comparable drug store sales rose 4.6%. Pharmacy sales climbed 13.5% overall, and 9.3% on a comparable drugstore basis in the quarter. The number of prescriptions filled in comparable drug stores rose 4%. As I noted earlier, prescription gains were held back during the first two months of this quarter by a mild flu season compared to last year. Were also working against Medicaid issues in Tennessee and Puerto Rico that led to fewer patients from those plans coming in to our stores. Most of the effect of these reimbursement issues will become comparable in September. Gross profit margins decreased 39 basis points versus the year ago quarter to 27.46 as a percent of sales due in part to lower pharmacy margins from additional Medicare Part D business, as well as a continued shift in our overall sales mix toward prescriptions, which carry lower margins than front-end merchandise. Those factors were partially offset by the introduction of new higher margin generic drugs. Front end margins also decreased as a result of sales mix. Meanwhile, selling, occupancy and administration expenses decreased 25 basis points to 21.65 as a percent of sales, despite our expensing of employee stock options. Lower legal and digital photo conversion expenses helped the SO&A ratio. The effective tax rate for the third quarter this year was 35.12% compared to 37.25% in last years third quarter. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of this year was 36.35% compared to 36.85% in the year ago period. Were anticipating a 37% tax rate in this years fourth quarter. The consolidated balance sheet and statement of cash flows can be found within our press release. Cash and short term investments increased from $1.4 billion at the end of last years third quarter to $1.8 billion at the end of this years third quarter. Accounts receivable increased 34.7% while account payable increased 32%. Both were driven by growth in our pharmacy benefit management business under the new Medicare prescription plan. LIFO inventories were $5.54 billion, as 6.5% increase from the year ago quarter. For the first nine months of fiscal 2006, we repurchased 5.6 million shares of stock for $243 million under our $1 billion share repurchase plan announced in July 2004. Through the first nine months of fiscal 2006, were on pace to open more net new stores this year than in any year in our 105 year history, and that doesnt include the 76 Happy Harry stores we expect to add when the deal closes within the next few weeks. Our focus continues to be on organic growth, which alone will take us to 7,000 stores in 2010. As more industry consolidation takes place, well consider select acquisitions, but were not counting on them. As our Chief Executive Officer, Dave Bernauer said in todays press release, Well only pursue ones with a solid strategic fit, and those are rare. Opening up more stores on the most convenient corners in America will help us attract seniors to our pharmacies. With a new Medicare Benefit, cost is taken out of the equation for most seniors when they decide where to fill their prescriptions. Theyll pay virtually the same co-pay wherever they go in their network. That means service and convenience will be the deciding factors. Thats where we are winning with our convenient locations, reputation and senior friendly services, like drive through pharmacies and large type prescription instructions. Thank you for listening. Our next earnings announcement for the fourth quarter and fiscal year end of 2006 is scheduled for September 25. Once again, thanks for being a loyal Walgreen shareholder, and remember, you are always welcome at Walgreens.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-03-27 10:15:00) =====
Executives: Rick Hans - Director of Finance Hello, and thanks for tuning in to Walgreen's audio webcast for the second quarter of fiscal year 2006. Im Rick Hans, Walgreen's Director of Finance, and I invite you to use this information in conjunction with the press release and other financial information posted on our web site. Before we begin, Id like to go over the safe harbor language. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Today we announced second quarter earnings were up 6.6% to $523.5 million, or $0.51 cents per diluted share. That came on a sales increase of 10.7% to $12.2 billion. This quarters earnings were reduced by $27.4 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses, versus a $36.2 million pre-tax reduction in the first quarter. Last year, these options werent expensed. I should also note that last years quarter includes a pre-tax gain from litigation settlements of $4.7 million. For the first six months of fiscal 2006, sales increased 10.5% to $23.1 billion. Net earnings rose 6.1% to $869.1 million or $0.85 per share, diluted. This years first half earnings were reduced by $63.6 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses. Also, last years first half includes a pre-tax gain of $19.7 million from litigation settlements. In this years second quarter our LIFO index remained the same as the previous quarter, so we recorded a LIFO provision of $23.8 million versus a LIFO provision of $27.1 million a year ago. Strong Christmas and Valentines Day seasons led good front-end sales in the quarter. We gained market share in 57 of our top 60 core product categories versus our drugstore, grocery and mass merchant competitors compared to a year ago. But pharmacy sales increases faced a strong headwind from a flu season that didnt generate as many doctor visits as a year ago and, as a result, fewer prescriptions. Pharmacy accounted for 61.5% of our second quarter sales, a slightly lower percent than the first quarter because this quarter includes the busy holiday shopping season. This years store growth remains ahead of last years pace, as we plan for 475 new drugstores to open during fiscal 2006. We opened or acquired 222 new stores in the first half of this fiscal year, compared to 180 in the year-ago period. That brought our store count to 5,156 as of Feb. 28, a net increase of 387 from a year ago. We remain on track to operate more than 7,000 stores in 2010. Taking a closer look at sales, total comparable store sales for stores open more than a year were up 6.5% in the quarter, while front-end comparable store sales rose 5.0 percent. Pharmacy sales climbed 11.1% overall and 7.4% on a comparable store basis in the quarter. The number of prescriptions filled in comparable stores rose 3.5%. As I noted earlier, prescription gains were held back this quarter by a mild flu compared to last year. Other factors working against our prescription numbers were concerns over medication side effects prompted by Vioxx and other drugs, and Medicaid issues in Tennessee and Puerto Rico that led to fewer patients from those plans coming into our stores. Gross profit margins slipped 5 basis points versus the year-ago quarter to 28.44 as a percent to sales. You may recall that in last years quarter we posted a strong, 83 basis point increase in gross profit margins, making for a difficult comparison this year. In addition, the decrease resulted from our prescription mail service and the new Medicare drug benefit making up larger parts of our sales. Both of those business opportunities have lower gross profit margins. Still, some of the gross profit margin decline was offset by more use of higher margin generic drugs. Meanwhile, selling, occupancy and administration expenses increased 26 basis points to 21.69 as a percent to sales. Among the factors in this increase were: On the flip side, helping our SO&A levels were lower costs associated with our conversion from analog to digital store photo labs. The effective tax rate for the second quarter this year was 37.0%, compared to 37.25% in last years second quarter. The effective tax rate for the first half of this year also was 37.0%, compared to 36.64% in the year ago period. The consolidated balance sheet and statements of cash flows can be found within our press release and at investor.walgreens.com, under the tab, Financials. Cash and short-term investments decreased from $1.447 billion at the end of last years second quarter to $1.225 billion at the end of this years second quarter. Accounts receivable increased 24.6%, while accounts payable increased 16.3%. Both were driven by growth in our pharmacy benefit management business under the new Medicare prescription plan. LIFO inventories were $5.616 billion, an 8.8% increase from the year ago quarter. For the first six months of fiscal 2006, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of stock for $141.8 million under our $1 billion share repurchase plan announced in July 2004. During the second quarter, we were pleased with our market share gains in the front-end of the store, even with a tough sales comparison to the year-ago period. Were also seeing strong growth in digital photofinishing, thanks to our online photo services that allow Walgreens.com users to get digital photo prints in one-hour at virtually any of our more than 5,100 drugstores nationwide. Despite expenses from its initial startup, Medicares new prescription plan will have a long-term positive impact on us as it takes cost out of the equation for many seniors when they decide where to fill their prescriptions. Theyll pay virtually the same co-pay wherever they go in their network. Were winning  and will continue to win  many of these patients with our convenient locations, reputation and senior-friendly services like drive-thru pharmacies and large-type prescription instructions. Looking ahead, I want to point out that Easter was on March 27 last year, but falls on April 16 this year. This will affect our comparable store sales results for March and April. To show an apples-to-apples comparison to 2005, well report combined March/April results with our usual April sales announcement. Thank you for listening. Our next earnings announcement, for the third quarter of fiscal 2006, is scheduled for June 26th. Once again, thanks for being a loyal Walgreen shareholder, and remember, Youre Always Welcome at Walgreens!
