===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining Dominion Energy's first quarter 2025 earnings call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Since the conclusion of the business review, we've communicated 3 priorities: one, consistently achieving our financial commitments; two, continued on-time achievement of major construction milestones for the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project; and three, achieving constructive regulatory outcomes that demonstrate our ability to work cooperatively with regulators and stakeholders to deliver results that benefit both customers and shareholders. By fulfilling these goals, we empower our employees to deliver on our critical mission to provide the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. On today's call, we'll address each of these areas, starting with achieving our financial commitments. As shown on Slide 3, we're off to a strong start to the year with first quarter operating earnings of $0.93 per share, which includes $0.03 of better-than-normal weather, $0.02 of RNG 45Z income, $0.02 of better-than-expected sales, strong rider investment growth and a combination of O&M and tax timing helps that we expect to normalize through the rest of the year. First quarter GAAP results were $0.75 per share. We are affirming all financial guidance provided on our fourth quarter earnings call, including 2025 operating earnings per share of $3.28 to $3.52 per share, inclusive of RNG 45Z income with a midpoint of $3.40. As a reminder, a summary of all adjustments between operating and GAAP results is included in Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Additionally, a summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year period is included in Schedule 4 of the Earnings Release Kit. Turning to our financing plan as shown on Slide 4. We've sold approximately $1 billion of forward-settled common equity under our existing ATM program at a weighted average price of approximately $57 and expect to complete $200 million of DRIP-related equity issuance by year-end. This is consistent with our 2025 common equity guidance. We view this level of steady equity issuance under existing programs in the context of our sizable growth capital spending program as appropriate to keep our consolidated credit metrics within the guidelines for our strong credit ratings category. We remain focused on balance sheet conservatism and there is no change to our previously communicated credit-related targets. Turning briefly to data centers. As a reminder from our fourth quarter update, we have approximately 40 gigawatts of data center capacity in various stages of contracting, including what is now approximately 10 gigawatts of capacity contracted under electric service agreements. Since our last call, we have not observed any evidence of slowing demand from data center customers across our service area. In conclusion, I'll reiterate that I'm highly confident in our ability to deliver on our financial plan. The financial guidance has been built to be appropriately but also not unreasonably conservative to weather unforeseen challenges that may come our way. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, Stephen. Turning to safety performance. Our Dominion Energy family experienced tragedy on March 31, when Ryan Barwick, a material fuel handler at Wateree Station in Eastover South Carolina, died after being severely injured while unloading a railcar. We are deeply saddened by the loss of our dedicated colleague, and our thoughts and prayers continue to be with his family, friends, coworkers and community. Safety is our first core value. It's at the heart of our corporate culture and we will continue to improve until we achieve the only acceptable safety statistic zero injuries. Next on our Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project. I'd like to start with a few project highlights on slide 5. The project is 55% complete, months away from first delivery of electricity to customers in early 2026 and on schedule for full completion at the end of next year. It represents the fastest and most economical way to deliver almost 3 gigawatts of electricity to Virginia's Grid to support America's AI and cyber preeminence in the largest data center market in the world, to support US shipbuilding at customers like Huntington Ingalls, the largest military shipbuilding company in the United States and one of our largest customers and support some of the country's largest and most important military and defense installations. It has robust bipartisan support from Virginia government and congressional leaders, local communities, military and defense interests, the commercial marine industry as well as civic, educational, environmental, labor and community partners. It's created approximately 2,000 direct and indirect American jobs and generated $2 billion in American economic activity. And finally, it's supported by Virginia law and approved by the State Corporation Commission and federal agencies. In summary, this project is consistent with the goal of securing American energy dominance and as part of our comprehensive all-of-the-above energy strategy to affordably meet growing energy needs. Since our last update work has continued to pace. As shown on slide 6, 100% of the project's 176 transition pieces have been rolled, 86% have been successfully steel welded and 50% are now complete, including the 59 that we have successfully installed since we began that work on December 31. We expect the final transition piece to be completed in October. More than 80% of the project's 176 monopiles have been completed and successfully delivered to Virginia, including the 78 that were installed during the last installation season. We expect deliveries of the final 32 monopiles to continue steadily in the coming weeks. The first offshore substation was installed on March 10 with the remaining two offshore substations on track to be delivered this summer and installed in the fall. Siemens Gamesa is making excellent and on-time progress in the fabrication of the project's 176 wind turbines. The sections for 28 full towers have been completed with 45 additional towers currently in production. In addition, 36 nacelles are complete or awaiting final testing and 28 blades have been fully cast. Finally, as shown on slide 10, Charybdis, our Made in America Jones Act-compliant installation vessel, is expected to enter service and begin making its way to Virginia in the next four to eight weeks on schedule to support turbine installation this summer as planned. Before I turn to tariff exposure, I'd like to highlight that the cost for project components, excluding tariff impacts, have remained in line with the prior update. The project's current unused contingency is unchanged from our last updated, $222 million, which now represents about 6% of remaining project costs. Now let me address tariff exposure. It's difficult to fully assess the impact tariffs may have to the project's final cost as actual costs incurred are dependent upon the tariff requirements and rates, if any, at the time of delivery of the specific component. As a result of this ongoing uncertainty, we've provided potential tariff exposure across discrete tariff categories and illustrative durations on slide 11. First, through the end of the first quarter, the project had incurred actual tariff costs of $4 million. Second, if current tariff policy were to continue through the end of the second quarter, that number would increase to about $120 million. Finally, if current tariff policy were to continue through the end of 2026 when the project is expected to fully enter service, cumulative tariff impact would be expected to be approximately $500 million. For the avoidance of doubt, the corresponding amount borne by Dominion Energy would be about $130 million. Of course, changes to future tariff policy could affect these estimates. We made our quarterly offshore wind construction update filing with the Virginia State Corporation Commission today, in which we increased total project cost by about $120 million, which aligns with our estimate of actual incurred plus projected tariff costs through the end of the second quarter as you see in the table in today's materials. As a result, we recorded a modest charge this quarter for costs not expected to be recovered from customers in accordance with the cost-sharing settlement with Virginia regulators and our 50% cost-sharing partnership agreement with Stonepeak. The cost sharing and risk sharing continues to work as intended to protect customers and shareholders. As a result of the cost sharing settlement approved by Virginia regulators, the updated project cost of $10.8 billion is expected to increase residential customer bills by an average of $0.04 a month over the life of the project. And the updated project LCOE of $62 per megawatt hour inclusive of REC continues to benchmark very favorably with new generation alternatives including solar, battery and gas-fired generation. Let me be clear, CVOW remains one of the most affordable sources of energy for our customers. Turning to the regulatory landscape. Let me provide a brief update on our Virginia biennial review filing, which we submitted at the end of March. The filing highlights Dominion Energy Virginia's reliable and affordable service. If approved, this would be the company's first base rate increase since 1992. Additionally, over the past decade, the company's residential rates have increased at a rate approximately 40% lower than the rate of inflation. Our filing also reflects a new proposed rate class for high energy users, including data centers, as well as new customer protections to ensure those customers continue to pay their full cost of service and that other customer classes are protected from stranded cost. Protections include a 14-year contract commitment to pay for their requested power even if they use less than requested. This is consistent with the concerns and recommendations expressed in the JLOC report last year and in line with proposals in other jurisdictions nationwide. The commission's procedural schedule is shown on slide 13. Separately, on March 3, Dominion Energy Virginia filed with the State Corporation Commission for a certificate of public convenience and necessity to construct and operate the Chesterfield Energy Reliability Center, a gas-fired electric generating facility as part of our all-of-the-above approach to energy supply. The roughly 1 gigawatt project, if approved, is expected to cost approximately $1.5 billion to be placed into service in 2029. The capital for this project was included in our most recent capital update. Turning to South Carolina, where policymakers in the House and Senate continue to evaluate potential energy legislation that addresses future generation needs of the state, permitting reform and regulated investment recovery. We're appreciative of the significant time spent to date by the legislature on this important topic. We see these efforts as supportive of our stated aim to contribute to the success of South Carolina's robust and growing economy. Overall, we continue to achieve constructive outcomes in all of our regulated service areas. Next, on Millstone, the facility continues to perform well and provide over 90% of Connecticut's carbon-free electricity and 55% of its output is under a fixed-price contract through late 2029. The remaining output continues to be significantly de-risked by our hedging program. As many of you are aware, there's been recent legislative activity in New England, Rhode Island specifically, aimed at authorizing future additional procurements of nuclear power. We've continued to engage with multiple parties there to find the best value for Millstone. In addition to state sponsor procurement, we continue to evaluate the prospect of supporting incremental data center activity as well. We feel strongly that any data center options need to be pursued in a collaborative fashion with stakeholders in Connecticut. We'll provide updates as things develop. Before I conclude my remarks, I'd like to take a moment to recognize Diane Leopold. As she announced late last year, Diane is retiring on June 1. Today, will be her last earnings call. Diane is one of the brightest, most dedicated and most capable people in our company and in our industry. Over her 36 years in the utility business, she's demonstrated best-in-class performance in virtually all areas of operations, business development, financial planning and corporate strategy as well as the construction of several multibillion-dollar energy infrastructure projects. Fortunately, Diane has trained a deep and talented bench to follow in her footsteps. It's been my honor and privilege to work with her for the last 20 years. And I know I speak for Steve and David and the entire Dominion Energy team in thanking her and wishing her well in retirement. With that, let me summarize our remarks on slide 15, by reiterating where Steven began the call with a focus on our three priorities: consistently achieving our financial commitments, continued on-time achievement of major construction milestones for the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project and achieving constructive regulatory outcomes that demonstrate our ability to work cooperatively with regulators and stakeholders to deliver results that benefit both customers and shareholders. We're 100% focused on execution. We remain committed to delivering reliable and affordable power for our customers. And with, that we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q – Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate all the disclosure…
Bob Blue: Good morning, Nick.
Q – Nick Campanella: So I appreciate all the disclosure you've kind of given on the CVOW project especially as it kind of relates to tariffs. As it relates to the turbines and your suppliers, can you -- is there anything that you can kind of shed light on in terms of your conversation with them that this tariff backdrop, is not going to impact their ability to kind of deliver for you, whether it's in your own conversations or just the delivery dates? I know that you kind of highlighted that Siemens is making a lot of progress, but maybe you can kind of just expand on your overall confidence level there. Thanks.
Bob Blue: Yes, I'll offer a couple of thoughts. And if Diane, wants to add in she should. She was over there just recently and she promised, she would actually answer all the questions today, on our last earnings call. But our conversations with our suppliers are that they're all performing extremely well. And the ones who are most recently started -- the one who has most recently started is Siemens Gamesa, and they are hitting their marks. They started on time. They're producing at the pace that we expected. And so, we feel very confident about our ability to get the materials, the components that we need and we've disclosed what the tariff impacts would be based on current tariff policy. So, really --no change to anything in terms of delivery schedules or ability.
Diane Leopold: Yes. The only thing that I would add, all of the raw materials are already purchased everything is in fabrication right now. And as Bob talked about the Siemens Gamesa, which is the most recent equipment that's entering into fabrication, is actually a little bit ahead of schedule. The team including myself, were in all of those facilities, the nacelles, the blades all of them two weeks ago and everything is heading either on track or a little bit ahead of schedule, and deliveries are going to proceed in the coming weeks.
Q – Nick Campanella: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And just in terms of the monopoles, my understanding is that the season starts today. So just any update on whether you would be kind of kicking that off immediately? And what type of run rate you would expect, through the next few months here for monopile installations?
Bob Blue: Yes. Today is the beginning of monopile installation season and we're starting today. Just to offer a little context, if you think about the last four months, we've installed 60 transition pieces an offshore substation and a jack-up that supports deepwater export cable. So restarting monopile installation today, is simply a continuation of the steady offshore progress, we've been making since the project began. And in terms of run rate, I think we've talked before about the fact that we hit a pace once we sort of got the initial work done. Last monopile season, we hit a pace of about 25 a month. That's a pace we ought to be able to continue. It's -- everything is weather-dependent obviously, but that pace is quite achievable.
Q – Nick Campanella: Okay. Great. And Diane, congrats on your retirement. Thanks so much.
Diane Leopold: Thanks. Appreciate that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Kennedy with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q – James Kennedy: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Bob Blue: Hi, James.
Q – James Kennedy: Just kind of continuing with the CVOW. I just want to ask more specifically, maybe on the permitting backdrop. I guess, have you had any conversations or interactions at the state or federal level, that give you a little bit more incremental comfort following the Empire Wind order? Just any more color on the permitting side. Thanks.
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean, James, our interactions with the agencies have continued the same way they have been for months. With a project of this -- we're fully permitted, as you know. But with a project of this size, we check in regularly with agencies. We've continued those conversations with them. And for the reasons that we outlined in our prepared remarks, we feel very comfortable that this project is going to continue moving forward.
James Kennedy: Okay. If there were a stop work order, can you give us like a general rule of thumb on like a daily standby or demobilization cost?
Bob Blue: Yes. I think that's a very important question. I appreciate you asking. We'd have to evaluate the specific facts and circumstances at the time. And I can't speak to those because I don't know what they are. But if it happens, we would be very transparent in addressing them. But we don't think it's going to be a pause for all the reasons I gave in the prepared remarks. It's the fastest way to get 2.6 gigawatts on the grid to serve tech companies, defense and security installations, important American industries like shipbuilding. It's employing 2000 people, stopping it would cause energy inflation, specifically authorized by Virginia law. It has bipartisan support in Virginia, particularly the Hampton Roads congressional delegation. So it really doesn't make sense to talk about numbers for a pause or delay. That said, these are prudently made investments. Utilities are entitled to recover prudently incurred costs. And that's certainly true here subject to the cost sharing the SCC order obviously.
James Kennedy: Okay. Perfect. And then just on the tariff scheme itself, the plan has some solar and storage spend as well. I guess just any kind of color as you're thinking about the tariff impacts there and spend profile any changes? Thanks.
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean as we think about tariffs across our business, the impacts we're seeing are manageable. The – we've worked on our supply chain for some time. We have most of our suppliers are – the vast majority of the materials that we procure are directly from US suppliers. That is certainly true with our solar procurement. We've had for some time an effort to diversify our supply chain and drive supply chain resilience. A chunk of that would have come out of COVID as we started thinking about that. So we think about increasing inventory and ordering thresholds to address longer lead times to ensure that we have multiple sources of supply where it's appropriate. We have been placing some orders ahead of tariff-effective dates to mitigate cost increases where it's possible. So those actions have enabled us to avoid some of the impacts and obviously our first objective is to avoid impact and keep costs for customers low. So we find tariff costs generally across the business to be manageable.
James Kennedy: Excellent Thanks, guys. And congrats to Diane as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, sure. Thanks, and I'll echo congrats to Diane. Job really well done. And Tom, sorry no more sneaking junk food during. So just on the – I guess first on the tariffs, just we know in case they change, are you – is the contracts basically shifting most of the tariff basically to you. So if they go higher they go lower we can kind of try to gauge the impact. Is that kind of how generally the contracts work?
Bob Blue: Yes that's a fair characterization Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then maybe just also – I know it's kind of governor election year. Has any electric topics kind of including CVOW kind of been in the political spectrum at all from either side as part of that?
Bob Blue: No. No there has not been in the gubernatorial race thus far a discussion of CVOW or wind generally. I will say that the lieutenant governor who is the Republican nominee was at our events I don't know 1.5 years, 2 years ago when the first monopile arrived in Tidewater at the port. The Democratic nominee former Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger has been supportive of offshore wind as well. But it hasn't been a topic in the conversation.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I noticed on Chesterfield the approval of the gas plant that's $1.5 billion for a gigawatt plant, which is starting to look quite cheap right now. I just want to make sure that's a good number.
Bob Blue: Yes that's a good number.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. All right. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Steve.
David McFarland: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thanks, Good morning.
Bob Blue: Good morning.
Steven Ridge: Hi, David.
David Arcaro: Wondering if you could just give maybe a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of data center demand. You mentioned that it has kind of continued from last quarter. But just what is the interest level from hyperscalers any sense of just the scale and how far out I guess are these customers planning and looking to locate in your service territory?
Bob Blue: Yes. The demand remains very high David. The -- I would say that really no change from what we talked about on the last call. We've got a real focus in our service territory on sort of traditional cloud and inference demand from data centers and there's no letup in their interest. And I guess the way I would characterize the timing is as has been the case really since we started working with data center customers over a decade ago giving us the most experience with those customers of anybody in the industry they want to go fast. They always want to go fast. That's their business. It's always been their business. We've been effective at serving them. Thus far I don't see any reason why that's going to change in the future.
David Arcaro: Yes. Got it. And these are and they're I guess planning out into the well into the 2030s at this point too just in terms of the megawatts that they're planning and the expansions over time.
Bob Blue: Yes, absolutely. I mean if you look at just what they'd be ramping into from what they've already committed to it takes you to that time frame.
David Arcaro: Yes, absolutely. And then separately just was curious is there any progress or any further clarity around the Millstone and the potential contracting opportunities there?
Bob Blue: Yes. No real news on Millstone. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks Rhode Island there's been legislative activity in Rhode Island. So there's interest but we don't have an update on timing of when we might take some action with respect to Millstone. As you know the current contract for 55% of the output goes through August of 2029. So we'll continue to work through that but no news to report today.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just a quick one on the biennial filing. You referenced before the special REIT structure proposed for high-energy users. Can you just talk a little bit about that structure and just sort of based on your conversations with data center customers overtime on the terms of an agreement if you feel like that, sort of, reflects customer appetite in terms of the term length and some of the other specifics?
Bob Blue: Yes. So you're talking about the 14-year contract term.
Carly Davenport: Yes, exactly.
Bob Blue: Yes. So just broadly what the filing does is it creates a new rate class for customers with either measured or contracted demand of 25 megawatts or greater and either measured or expected load factor of at least 75%. And that's about 100 -- and this is on a contiguous site. That's about 139 customers about 131 data centers within that. And the sort of focus of that class is on minimum demand charges. So the higher of either contracted or actual usage the minimum demand charge will be 80% for transmission distribution 60% for generation. And then for new customers that would be the 14-year contract period with -- it's a four-year ramp schedule into that. This is just to provide transparency and clarity around those customers ensuring that addressing the thoughts around ensuring that they're paying their fair share and to reduce the risk of stranded assets. We've already had provisions in place for a lot of that but this enhances them. We've talked with the data center customers. We talked with them in preparing this proposed new tariff. I'm sure there will be further conversations during the case. But I think I can say confidently they understand what we're looking to accomplish here and the conversations have been very constructive.
Carly Davenport: Great. Appreciate that color. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the earlier question just on your conversations with data center customers. Are you seeing any change in tone or concern just around the broader economic uncertainty that we've seen and any pause perhaps in some of the new projects that you're expecting to move forward?
Bob Blue: The short answer to that question is no. We're seeing continued appetite for additional data center capacity in our service territory.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thank you for the time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning team. Just two quick questions. One, I think slide 20 residential sales look soft this first quarter. I don't know if you could provide some clarity around that? And then I have a follow-up.
Steven Ridge: Hey Anthony, it's Steve. Yeah. Overall, our LTM Q1 sales are actually -- have been very good for us. It's trending slightly higher than our annual guidance, largely driven by really strong sales across the commercial segment, which includes data centers but also other commercial customers. We don't think that the slight weakness in residential is going to continue for the rest of the year. We'll watch that pretty carefully. But overall I think we're actually really happy with the direction sales are going and we'll provide additional information on that as we get through more quarters. But overall I think the sales picture for our service territories continues to look really strong.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And if I could follow up on Carly's question on the biennial review, particularly with the requested new tariff for the large load customers. You guys have clearly gone through multiple biennial reviews. Is this making approval of this may be more complicated by introducing a new tariff, or from all your meetings prior to filing and talking to the parties that maybe even helping it out getting the tariff approved?
Bob Blue: Yeah. I think it would be hard to say if it's either helping it out or making it more complicated. The focus on rate classes and cross-subsidies among rate classes is something that has happened since the beginning of rate cases. So not a surprise. I don't think that it would be in this case. So I don't -- I wouldn't say that it really affects the nature of the ability to resolve this case one way or the other.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. Thank you for giving me time. And my prayers also with -- to Ryan's family. Very sad to hear about that incident. Just quickly Steve, 2025 first quarter EPS came in materially above our expectations. Just -- you mentioned some commentary around enough conservatism in the guidance. Just kind of thinking through how the first quarter earnings tracked versus your own expectations for the rest of the year.
Steven Ridge: Yes, that's a really good question. I'd say very modestly above where we were expecting. Certainly, we didn't have $0.03 of weather baked in. We also didn't have $0.02 of better-than-expected sales baked in which gets back a little bit to Anthony's question about overall trending for sales growth. But I'd point folks to Schedule 4 where we give a quarter-over-quarter growth reconciliation. Let me spend just a second walking through sort of the key drivers. We were at $0.55 in Q1 2024. Obviously, that was before we had completed the entire business review, but a lot of it was clean. Since then, relative to that quarter, we had about $0.08 of weather help. So I mentioned $0.03 better than normal. We also significantly underperformed weather during the first quarter of 2024. So that's on the schedule. I mentioned sales, we've done about $0.04 better on sales. We had about $0.05 of help this quarter from rate cases that occurred later in the year of 2024, so it wouldn't have been captured in the first quarter. Net-net-net, we had about $0.08 of regulatory rider investment growth. And the reason I say net-net is because, it will show up at $0.16, but we sold half of that growth under the noncontrolling interest on CVOW to Stonepeak. So net is $0.08 help there. We had about $0.08 of interest expense help. That's largely the impact of debt repayment, the full sort of force of the debt repayment from the majority of the business review asset sales. There's about $0.06 of tax help quarter-over-quarter. So $0.02 of that has to do with the production tax credit for our nuclear sales that's just shaping. $0.02 of it had to do with RNG 45Z which we didn't have last year. $0.02 of that had to do with a small South Carolina tax matter. There was a resolution in a court case that we ultimately hadn't budgeted. So that was a little bit of an unanticipated help as well. And then there's sort of -- you net all that and there's about negative $0.01 of miscellaneous items in there. So I'd say, again, weather sales, a little better than we expected. We've gotten some timing on tax and O&M that I think will normalize through the rest of the year. So we're sticking right now with our original guidance range targeting that midpoint of $3.40. And if we get to the point in the future where we feel like we should revise that, we'll go ahead and do that. But for now, early in the year off to a good start, we're very focused on hitting those numbers. And to the extent we have an opportunity to derisk future years as a result of strong 2025 performance, we would think about doing that as well. So we'll have more information as we work through the year, but feeling really good about the plan.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very thorough. It sounds like modestly ahead of your expectations. Okay. Diane, we'll miss you on the field trips and good luck to you. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. And Diane I echo the comments before me, I wish you well in retirement here. Maybe just starting off, if you could provide any updates on the outlook for PJM finalizing network cost upgrades? And just wondering, if there's any thoughts, whether tariffs or general inflation might drive upward cost pressures here.
Bob Blue: Yeah. On the PJM network upgrades that specific you're asking? …
Jeremy Tonet: Yeah.
Bob Blue: I wouldn't expect to see that. And we don't have additional information beyond what we provided on the last call. As we said then we had better information than we did before but not perfect. And that continues to be true now. We'll get the final number in July and we certainly don't expect it to be either up or down of the magnitude that the shift was the last time. But we'll know more in July.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. And transferability has been a big focus in the market whether it's repealed and has impact on plans, is there any thoughts that you could share there?
Steven Ridge: Yeah. Jeremy, at the risk of being too thorough in my response, let me give a little color there. So our plan has on average from 2025 through 2029 has an average about $175 million of transfer tax credits each year. But what really, tips us into transferability are the PTCs generated by our share of the offshore wind project. I guess the silver lining with that is that to the extent there were a change in transferability that makes tax equity a reasonably efficient way of replacing sort of the time value of those tax credits. So we feel pretty good about where we're positioned on that. I feel like if there were a change we'd have a pretty effective mitigants, but something we're watching pretty carefully too.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you very much and one last one, if I could just with regards to thinking about the ATM with regards to de-risking 2026 equity needs possibly earlier in 2025?
Steven Ridge: Yeah. We've been aggressive with our financing plan in '25 to take capital raising off the table in a pretty significant way. You can see that from the financing plan. That was the philosophy behind the ATM is getting in front of it at a pretty attractive price. Without giving sort of specific guidance it's absolutely something we would continue to think about is opportunistically finding ways to derisk future financing. That could include getting into the market for ATM that would be settled at the end of 2026 for instance. Sooner rather than later, it's an option available to us. It's nice. And so yes your point is well taken. We'll take those steps opportunistically as the market warrants.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. I’ll leave it there.
Steven Ridge: Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. So I'll turn the call back to Bob Blue for closing remarks.
Bob Blue: Thanks everybody for taking the time to join the call today. And enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining Dominion Energy's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thanks, David. Good morning. Almost a year ago, we concluded the comprehensive business review and described 5 key tenets upon which the repositioned Dominion Energy would be premised. Strategic simplicity, consistent long-term financial execution, balance sheet conservatism, dividend security and the delivery of an exceptional customer experience that would enable us to advocate for and achieve balanced policy constructs and reasonable regulatory outcomes. You heard from me and directly from members of the Board that we would collectively be accountable for the company's future performance. Finally, we committed to being 100% focused on successfully executing against our updated plan. Now a year on, none of that has changed. Those commitments are as equally fundamental to our company today as they were 12 months ago. We know that to rebuild your trust, we must deliver consistently over the long run. While we're still relatively early in this new chapter of our company, we're off to a positive start. Looking back at 2024, we accomplished operating earnings per share in the top half of our guidance range despite weather headwinds. A remarkable storm restoration effort in South Carolina in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene, one of the region's most destructive storms ever. regulatory outcomes in South Carolina and North Carolina base rate cases as well as a number of Virginia rider cases that demonstrate our ability to work cooperatively with regulators and stakeholders to deliver results that benefit both customers and shareholders. And significant derisking of the Coastal Virginia offshore wind project through both the continued on-time achievement of major milestones as well as the closing of a 50% noncontrolling equity financing through which we've materially reduced project risk for our shareholders. I'll share more perspectives on CVOW a little later in our prepared remarks. We did all of this while achieving a near record-setting employee safety performance and advancing our all of the above strategy to reliably and affordably meet our customers' rapidly expanding energy demand, which includes the largest data center cluster in the world. Let me now turn it over to Steven to provide a financial update before I walk through additional updates on the execution of our plan.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. As shown on Slide 5, full year 2024 operating earnings were $2.77 per share in the top half of our guidance range despite $0.03 of worse than normal weather. Full year 2024 GAAP earnings were $2.44 per share. Our fourth quarter operating earnings were $0.58 per share, which for this quarter represented normal weather in our utility service areas. Fourth quarter GAAP earnings were $0.15 per share. As always, a summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior period is included in Schedule 4 of the Earnings Release kit and a summary of all adjustments between operating and GAAP results are included in Schedule 2. Next on earnings guidance, we've narrowed 2025 operating earnings per share guidance to $3.28 to $3.52 per share, inclusive of RNG 45Z credit income while preserving the original midpoint of $3.40. We provide a range to primarily account for variation from normal weather. We're reaffirming annual operating earnings growth guidance of 5% to 7% through 2029 up to 2025 midpoint of $3.30, which excludes the impact of RNG 45Z credit income due to the legislative sunset of that credit at the end of 2027. As a reminder, we continue to expect to see variation within that range as a result of the Millstone refueling cadence, which requires a second planned outage once every third year. We're also reaffirming our previous guidance related to the dividend. We expect to maintain the current dividend level of $2.67 per share annually until such time as we achieve a utility industry-aligned payout ratio. Turning now to capital investment. We've updated our 5-year capital forecast from 2025 through 2029 to $50 billion, an increase of 16% from our prior guidance. We're seeing the need for incremental investment across distribution, transmission and generation to ensure reliability amid continuing growing demand in our service areas. Consistent with our increased focus on transparency, we provided comprehensive and detailed disclosure in the appendix of today's materials. So I'll just hit 2 takeaways here. First, approximately 80% of the capital increase is at Dominion Energy Virginia driven by higher transmission, distribution and nuclear subsequent license renewal spend. And second, 60% of the updated capital spend will be eligible for recovery subject to regulatory approval under rider mechanisms. This is an exciting update, and we're confident in our ability to execute for the benefit of our customers. Outside of today's forecast, we continue to see opportunities for additional investment across the value chain, biased towards the end of the decade and beyond. We'll include those opportunities in future updates as warranted by their development status. Before I discuss our financing plan update, I'll affirm our commitment to balance sheet conservatism as demonstrated on Slide 7. Through the 5-year plan, we expect our parent leverage to be consistently below 30% and our FFO to debt to be approximately 15%. Finally, we target mid BBB range credit ratings for our parent company and single A range ratings for our regulated operating companies. No change there. Our long-standing focus on achieving and maintaining these ratings is important for our ability to continue to secure a low cost of capital for our customers. Now turning to the financing plan on Slide 8. We're providing a 5-year illustrative sources and uses, meaningful operating cash flows, combined with a balanced mix of external financing, satisfy our capital investment and dividend forecasts. Since the last update, we are modestly increasing external financing across debt, hybrid and equity issuance. Specifically on equity, you'll note on Slide 9, an increase in 2025. As of today, we've already sold $600 million through forward-settled sales under our existing ATM program, expect to issue $200 million throughout the year through DRIP programs and expect to satisfy the balance of the approximately $300 million need through the ATM. Beyond 2025, there have been no changes to our common equity issuance guidance. We view this level of steady equity issuance under existing programs in the context of our sizable growth capital spending program as appropriate to keep our consolidated credit metrics within the guidelines for our strong credit ratings category. Before I hand it back to Bob, I'll note that we're pleased with our 2024 financial performance, but it's really all about how we execute going forward. Since the March 1 meeting, we've seen tailwinds like increased regulated capital investment opportunities, and we've seen headwinds like higher interest rates. But what hasn't changed is our confidence in the plan, which has been built to be appropriately but also not unreasonably conservative. And with that, I'll turn it back to Bob.
Robert Blue: Turning to safety performance and affordability on Slide 10. We achieved near-record setting safety performance in 2024 as measured by our employee OSHA injury recordable rate. On affordability, our rates continue to be lower than national and regional averages. We're intently focused on ensuring our service isn't just reliable, but that it remains appropriately affordable as well. Next on our Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project. We provided several updates last week, but I'd like to start with a few project highlights on Slide 11. First, the project is 50% complete and on schedule for completion in 2026. Second, CVOW is supported by Virginia law and approved by the State Corporation Commission and federal agencies. Third, CVOW will provide much-needed new generation to support America's AI and cyber preeminence in the largest data center market in the world. Additionally, the project represents the fastest and most economical way to deliver 2.6 gigawatts of supply to Virginia's Grid. And finally, CVOW has created approximately 2,000 direct and indirect American jobs and generated $2 billion in American economic activity. In addition to having the robust bipartisan support of Virginia's state and federal elective leaders. In summary, this project is consistent with the goal of securing American energy dominance and is part of a comprehensive all-of-the-above energy strategy to affordably meet growing energy needs. Next, on recent construction progress and milestones. In 2024, we completed a very successful first monopile installation season. And work has continued this winter on export cableway as well as transition pieces and in the coming days offshore substation installation. As shown on Slide 12, we began installation of transition pieces on December 31 and have since completed installation of 20 in total. The first offshore substation jacket and topside were delivered to Portsmouth at the end of January and will begin installation later this month. The remaining 2 offshore substations are on track to be delivered this summer and installed in the fall after completion of monopile season in October. Our materials and equipment, thus far, 130 monopiles have been loaded out with 116 successfully delivered and 14 more in transit to Virginia presently. Approximately 75% of the projects monopiles are either installed or awaiting installation. Our partner, EEW, continues to make strong progress, and we expect deliveries to continue steadily in the coming weeks. Out of the project's 176 transition pieces all have been rolled. Of these 152 have been successfully steel-welded and of these, 91 have been completed, representing over 50% of the total. We expect the final transition piece to be completed in October. Additionally, the schedule for the manufacturing of our turbines remains on track. As a reminder, Siemens Gamesa, the project's wind turbine supplier is manufacturing the same turbine model for CVOW as has been successfully fabricated, installed and is now operating at the Moray West Offshore Wind project. 8 towers have been completed with an additional 31 in progress. Blade fabrication is now underway and we expect sell production to begin next month. Turning to regulatory. We made our quarterly offshore wind construction update filing on February 3 accompanied by a detailed explanation of the change in project costs from $9.8 billion to $10.7 billion. Let me share a few thoughts here. First, as you would expect, the cost increase is disappointing. We take great pride as an organization and delivering on time and on budget. Since the original cost submission 40 months ago, we've spared no effort institutionally to maintain fidelity to our original estimate. Ultimately, despite having about $300 million budgeted for network upgrades, which was more than sufficient based on PJM's initial estimates, that estimate has proved too low. New electric generation resources constructed within PJM regardless of their generation type, our signed cost by PJM that are deemed necessary to effectively integrate these resources and ensure the reliability and stability of the electric grid. Higher network upgrade cost estimates by PJM reflect the significant increase in demand growth that requires incremental generation transmission resources across the system. I think it warrants noting that the aggregate cost for other project inputs, including offshore scope have remained in line with the original budget. Second, network upgrades do not impact project construction or time line and represented the largest unfixed project cost by far. We now have a much clearer though not final view of those costs. Further, we've refreshed contingency to represent 5% of remaining project costs. Third, cost sharing and risk sharing is working as intended to protect customers and shareholders. As a result of the cost-sharing settlement approved by Virginia regulators,  the project cost update is expected to increase residential customer bills by an average of $0.43 per month over the life of the project. And the updated LCOE continues to benchmark very favorably with new generation alternatives, including solar, battery and gas-fired generation. CVOW remains one of the most affordable sources of energy for our customers. Of the $900 million cost increase, 80% or $700 million is expected to be recovered via rider and added to rate base subject to regulatory approval. 50% of the nonrecoverable portion of the increase will be borne by Stonepeak rather than Dominion Energy shareholders. Finally, I know investors are very focused on the probability of future cost increases. I recognize the critical importance of executing against any guidance offered. The project is on time, and we're committed to delivering it in line with the now updated cost estimate. We don't have perfect insight into the information that PJM will use to finalize costs by midyear, but we've done a significant amount of analysis around the most recent estimate, which informs our updated cost estimate. I am confident in our updated estimate and believe that if there is a revision up or down, with respect to PJM network upgrades come July, it would not be of a similar magnitude. Finally, a few updates on Charybdis, as shown on Slide 16. The vessel is 96% complete, up from 93% as of our last earnings call, and sea trials are underway. What we're showing there is a picture of the 30,000 ton vessel fully jacked to its full height of almost 400 feet. We continue to expect Charybdis to complete fee trials in early 2025, consistent with our previous schedule and be delivered to CVOW in the third quarter. There's also no change to the vessel's cost of $715 million. Turning now to data centers. We continue to see exciting developments here. So let me share a few updates. First, where things stand today. Virginia hosts the largest data center concentration in the world by far. Since we started tracking, we've connected approximately 450 data centers representing nearly 9 gigawatts of capacity. Data center sales today represent about 26% of total sales for DEV. Data centers are attracted to Virginia by connections to world-class fiber networks, Virginia's attractive business climate, availability of a trained workforce, and access to our affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy. In recent years to address this demand, we've advanced electric transmission projects to bring both new and upgraded infrastructure to enable continued connection and expansion of data center customers in Eastern Loudoun County, Virginia. This work has included reconductoring lines, expanding substation infrastructure as well as building a 500 kV transmission line that we expect to complete on schedule by the end of 2025. Further, just last week, the SEC approved another 500 kV line in the Eastern Loudoun County that we expect to be in service by year-end 2027, and that will allow us to stay ahead of the region's rapidly growing electricity needs. Second, where do we go from here? The PJM DOM zone is experiencing unprecedented load growth. This growth is accelerating in orders of magnitude driven by: one, the number of data centers requesting to be connected on to our system; two, the size of each facility; and three, the acceleration of each facility's ramp schedule to reach full capacity. For some context, as shown on Slide 17, PJM recently updated its DOM zone Forecast, but now projects peak summer load growth of approximately 6.3% per year for the next 10 years. To put that into perspective, the resulting peak load projected for 2034 has increased from 26.1 gigawatts as of the 2022 PJM estimate to 41.5 gigawatts as of this year's estimate, an increase of nearly 60%. Last year, we implemented changes to our process on how we handle new delivery point requests on our system. This change will allow us to organize load requests into batches and serve them in the order they are received. Since we began communicating these changes, we've seen an increase in demand from customers. As shown on Slide 18, we've updated our data center contracted capacity. We now have approximately 40 gigawatts in various stages of contracting as of December 2024, which compares to around 21 gigawatts as of July 2024, an increase of 19 gigawatts or 88%. As a reminder, these contracts are broken into: one, substation engineering letters of authorization; two, construction letters of authorization; and three, electrical service agreements. As customers move from 1 to 3, the cost commitment and obligation by the customer increases. We're currently studying over 26 gigawatts of data center demand within the substation engineering letters of authorization stage, which means a customer has requested the company to begin the necessary engineering for new infrastructure required to serve the customer. This compares to approximately 8 gigawatts as of July 2024 and represents a remarkable 245% increase. We've analyzed the data several ways. And certainly, we believe some of this growth is attributable to the new batch system, which naturally incents customers to get into the process early. But what's undeniable is that data center growth in Virginia is not slowing down. In fact, it's accelerating, and we're taking every step to meet this opportunity. There are also about 5 gigawatts of data center demand that have executed construction letters of authorization, which are contracts that enable construction of the required distribution and substation electric infrastructure to begin. Should a customer in this stage elect to discontinue a project, they're obligated to reimburse the company for its investment to date. Finally, the nearly 9 gigawatts included in electrical service agreements, or ESA, represent contracts for electric service between Dominion Energy and customer. This has increased by nearly 1 gigawatt since July of 2024. Each contract is structured for an individual account. By signing an ESA, the customer is committing to consume a certain level of electricity annually, often with ramp schedules where the contracted usage grows over time. As Steven mentioned, this is all evidence of opportunities for additional investment across the value chain for many years to come. Turning to Slide 19. Let me highlight a couple of additional business updates. First, an update on our transmission business and the joint planning agreement with AEP and FirstEnergy. A package of our own and jointly proposed projects has been shortlisted by PJM in their open window process, which is ongoing with final approvals expected this month. Dominion share of the joint planning agreement will lead to approximately $1 billion of incremental capital spend in the 5-year plan. When combined with our other DEV transmission projects, this will result in annual transmission capital spend of greater than $2.8 billion beginning in 2027, above the $2.5 billion we are -- previously forecasted. Next, in South Carolina, policymakers are in session and continue to evaluate potential energy legislation. We're appreciative of the significant time spent to date by the legislature on this important topic. As we've indicated in the past, we're committed to supporting South Carolina's growing economy. However, as we've testified, the regulatory framework for DESC creates regulatory lag that makes it practically impossible to earn our lab return, especially as compared to neighboring southeastern regulated jurisdictions, including Virginia. Finally, on Millstone. The facility provides over 90% of Connecticut's carbon-free electricity and 55% of its output is under a fixed price contract through late 2029.  The remaining output continues to be significantly derisked by our hedging program, which we've updated in the appendix of today's materials. During 2024, Millstone performed well and achieved a capacity factor of 92%, aligning with our expectations of exemplary performance and reflecting our unwavering commitment to safety and best-in-class operations. As many of you are aware, there's been recent legislative activity in New England and in Massachusetts specifically, aimed at authorizing future additional procurements of nuclear power, and we've continued to engage with multiple parties there to find the best value for Millstone. In addition to state sponsor procurement, we continue to evaluate the prospect of supporting incremental data center activity as well. We feel strongly that any data center option needs to be pursued in a collaborative fashion with stakeholders in Connecticut. At this point, we don't have a time line for potential announcements. We remain focused, and we'll continue to provide updates as things develop. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 20. We  achieved near-record setting safety performance this year. We reaffirmed our long-term operating earnings per share growth rate, credit and dividend guidance for March 1 and narrowed our 2025 operating earnings guidance range. CVOW remains on schedule with robust cost sharing that protects customers and shareholders. In collaboration with our policymakers, regulators and stakeholders, we continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. And we're 100% focused on execution. We know we must continue to deliver, and we will. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Bob, just on CVOW, just I guess in light of the updates earlier this month, maybe can you just elaborate on the remaining variability in the projects, if there were delays in supplier component deliveries, how flexible the schedule, how would the standby cost be recovered with suppliers pay. And any new color on how you're thinking about incremental wind projects in light of your experience on CVOW 1 to date and the prospects for policy and tariff headwinds from D.C.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, you've got a lot in there, all in one question. So let me see if I can work my way through the various pieces. And I'll ask Diane to talk a little bit about sort of where we are on the project and derisking. So we're in a very good position with this project, and we feel very confident about the estimates that we just gave. Understanding there's more data to come from PJM on network upgrades, but we've done a lot of work with the best data that we can. So far, the data that we've used seems to be consistent with what PJM is looking at. And we think it puts us in a pretty good position. Let me talk a little bit about tariffs because you mentioned that, and then I'll turn it over to Diane to just talk about overall sort of derisking on the project. It's really too early to say how potential tariffs might affect this project. I can tell you that remaining spend outside of the United States is about $2.5 billion, majority of that from Europe. Only a portion of that for components that would include steel or aluminum. With respect to potential steel and aluminum tariffs, in particular, generally, these types of tariffs are not intended to apply to most finished products. We would consider the CVOW components to be finished products. That said, we don't have the annexes to accompany the executive order. We can't know what if any of our remaining spend would be potentially subject to tariffs. These are finished products that include some steel, some other materials. So it's not as simple as just taking a contract value and applying a percentage. For example, the cells have thousands of components in the blades. As most people know, don't have steel or aluminum in them. If the steel and aluminum tariffs end up taking effect, it won't be before March 12, so we should get some better insight before then the past may not be a predictor of the future, but if these tariffs follow the form of those imposed in 2018, they largely wouldn't apply to CVOW at all. And then finally, and Diane will talk sort of about how we're doing on derisking the project, but it's worth remembering we have $200 million of contingency within the current project budget of $10.7 billion. up to $11.3 billion, 50% of costs are recoverable from customers and costs are shared 50-50 with Stonepeak. Diane, you want to talk a little bit about sort of where we are in the development.
Diane Leopold: Sure. Shar. So when I think about the risk, first, I kind of look at where we are, all of our permits are in hand, all of the materials have been purchased. We have fixed-price contracts for all the major equipment. Fabrication is going very well. Fabrication is going very well. All the deliveries of that fabricated equipment is right on time, and the installation activities have been moving forward on track. So when I kind of look at the performance of the suppliers, as we're progressing now that we're 50% complete, risks are naturally continuing to decrease. So just take as an example [indiscernible] with the vessel and installation logistics as we saw in the first piling season, we kind of got better and better and got to 25 monopiles a month kind of as a run rate. And as we've seen this winter, the transition piece installation and the cable installation is just going right on track. So when I look at what costs are still unfixed, we've talked about the final estimate that we're feeling good about on PJM. There's fuel for all the vessels and there's project management. So we need to complete fabrication, that's going very well. We need normal weather. And so we're feeling really comfortable where we are and where the suppliers have been performing.
Robert Blue: Shar, I'll jump back in. You also mentioned future projects. I don't think it will come as a surprise to you that we are very focused on this project and bringing it in consistent with the schedule and budget that we've been talking about. We've got a couple of other leases. We have no capital in the plan associated with those leases and we'll just sort of see where things go in the future. But our focus is on this project. Did we get all the pieces and parts you had in there, Shar, or is there anything we missed?
Shahriar Pourreza: No, that was fantastic. I'll actually -- I'll leave it at that with my 20-part question. I appreciate it, guys.
Robert Blue: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nicholas Campanella of Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: So I just -- the updated gigawatts on the data center side is just a really large number. And I'm just kind of curious, I just want to first confirm, this is incremental to what PJM has kind of put out here in the beginning of the year. And then secondly, just -- how do you kind of think about the time line to kind of wrap some of that into the plan in the current decade? And is there like a sensitivity we should be thinking about for every gigawatt of new data center hook up? Is there an amount CapEx whether it's transmission or generation that would be required for that?
Robert Blue: Yes. Nick, on sort of is that in PJM, now those gigawatts that are in the substation engineering phase. Those are not in the PJM forecast. There is no sort of rule of thumb on any particular amount of gigawatts and sort of the capital plan and so forth. I think it's just important for everyone to understand that the data center demand in Virginia, in Northern Virginia and in Loudon County continues to be very significant. You see that in the numbers there. Just to give you a sense, I know there are some folks who may have some misunderstanding about Loudon in particular, about how much more capacity is available there. If you just look at the transmission projects that we're working on, including the two 500 KV lines that we mentioned in our prepared remarks, that's an additional 6 gigawatts of capacity in Eastern Loudon alone. So there's room in Eastern Loudon on the system, and the data centers continue to expand as well sort of outward from Loudon County, particularly into neighboring counties coming down Interstate 95. There's also data center expansion happening in the Richmond Metro area pretty substantially. So that demand just keeps coming. We're very focused on making sure we can serve it and we want to do that in a way that's consistent with our mission of reliable, affordable, increasingly clean energy.
Nicholas Campanella: I appreciate that. And then just kind of expanding on your comments from Millstone and the prospects for any type of incremental large customer for that remaining non-fixed portion? Just there seems to be a lot of focus on additionality if it comes with colocation in any form. And just maybe you can kind of comment on whether that's something that you think you would need to move forward with the contract opportunity there? Or what's the next kind of catalyst we should be kind of watching for to know that this is potentially going in the right direction.
Robert Blue: I can't give you a catalyst for what you should be looking for. As we've said, there's not a time line on this. From the potential large user customers we've talked to, additionality is not essential. They certainly talk about it, but they don't -- that's not a gating item -- so we're going to keep talking to potential data center co-locator customers to the states of Massachusetts and Connecticut, others in New England. And we're going to continue to stick with what we said pretty clearly is we need to make sure we're taking into account the interests of stakeholders in Connecticut as we think about this very valuable asset.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to dive into the Virginia data center opportunity a little bit more in quite the step-up as you outlined there. Just wondering if you could touch a bit more on reactions from stakeholders and really just thinking about this low driving incremental bill pressure and thoughts about, I guess, bill headroom in general here.
Robert Blue: Yes. Great question, Jeremy. Policymakers in Virginia are very focused on data center build out because they see the economic benefits of it. And you can see it in localities where there already is a substantial amount of data center load. The tax bills, property tax bills and say, Loudon County are substantially lower than they would have to be without the tax revenue that's coming in from data centers. And so that part of the economy and making Virginia a tech hub is really important to stakeholders in Virginia, particularly to Governor Youngkin, he talks about that quite a bit. So there is an interest in continuing to see data center expansion. As there are more megawatt hours sold to data centers, then that spreads the total costs out over a larger group of customers and can actually help with customer bill headroom. And I know there's often a discussion about sort of our data centers paying their fair share, is our other customer classes subsidizing data centers. These kinds of debates about one customer class, subsidizing another customer class have been going on since the beginning of utility regulation. There are ways always to address that in Virginia, particularly with biennial reviews. So I suspect that in the biennial that we'll file in March that this issue will be considered by the commission. And I'm confident that they'll make a decision that ensures we can continue data center growth in Virginia in a way that is -- that works for all customers of Virginia. This is just good for the economy of Virginia, and it's important to keep it going.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And I want to continue with the biannual, if we could, just wondering on overall engagement with stakeholders there and besides affordability, as you outlined there, any key issues to hash out here? Just trying to think about how we should be thinking about Virginia regulatory sausage making at this point?
Robert Blue: We're going to focus on just filing a pretty straightforward rate case in Virginia. As I expect many people know, in the last biennial there were sort of prescribed ROE. That is not the case in this one. We've got a couple of new judges on the SCC, relatively new. They're a little less than a year, they've been on the bench. But -- when we think about our positioning in a rate case, we start with our reliability and our affordability, and they're both incredibly strong in Virginia. We are well recognized among stakeholders as being a very reliable provider of electricity. And our rates, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, continue to be below regional and national averages. So we're in a strong position. The sort of general environment going into the case, I think, is very constructive and we'll have a result by the end of November. But I would not -- there's nothing particularly exotic in this upcoming biennial.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Let me see. I had a question on the offshore wind side of things. With the earlier this year, the executive order around offshore wind and the Secretary of the Interior reviewing existing projects. I was just wondering your interpretation and a few points on what that could mean for existing leases like CVOW?
Robert Blue: Yes. We don't think there's going to be impact to CVOW from the executive order. If you think about it, it's got all the permits it needs, including all of its federal permits. It's consistent with some very important energy objectives that the administration has articulated. It's an important part of an all of the above strategy to deliver more power to a growing economy in Virginia. It's certainly the fastest and most economical way to deliver 2.6 gigawatts to the grid, stopping it would be the most inflationary action that could be taken with respect to Energy in Virginia. It's homegrown. It helps promote American energy dominance. It's needed to power that growing data center market we've been talking about critical to continuing U.S. superiority in AI and technology. It's creating American Jobs 2000 at last count. It's specifically authorized by Virginia law. It has robust bipartisan support of leaders in Virginia. Worth noting that in his confirmation hearing, Secretary Bergum, said projects that make sense and are already in law will continue and CVOW definitely fits that bill.
David Arcaro: Okay. Excellent. I appreciate that commentary. And then I was also curious on the data center side of things, just to dig in a little bit more -- obviously, your pipeline has grown a huge amount over the last 6 months. And then when we look at the PJM forecast for the 2034 forecast, they've only gone up a little bit. Do those numbers have to rise from here? Or are there constraints in actually connecting all of these data centers or something else that's making you think that not all of these are actually going to crystallize and come to your system.
Robert Blue: Well, I think if you look at what we're planning for, what we've got capital for we're highly confident that the data centers are going to show up in our system. I mean if you think about it, we've been serving data center customers longer than anybody else. We understand better than other companies, I believe, the way they build the way, they ramp up and we understand extremely well sort of a confidence level in their arrival. So the new batch system may have had some effect on the number of customers who have sort of jumped into that substation engineering letters of authorization group. But the bottom line is there is a lot of growth coming in data centers in Virginia, and we're building the infrastructure in order to serve them.
Steven Ridge: David, I'll just add [indiscernible] Back on Slide 17, where you see that PGM forecast 2034, summer peak of 41.5%. We we would suggest that the increase we've seen in our Q is not fully reflected in that PJM update, it's a little bit backward looking. And to Bob's point, and to your question, will all of the amount that we're seeing in that first phase, ultimately convert. We don't know for sure. Many of them do in the past. And as we've moved further from down the column, we've seen increasing conversion rates up to 100% from the second to the third bucket. So again, I think it's a sign, a bullish sign. Will all of it ultimately convert. We don't know. We think a lot of it will, and that to us is a bullish sign of the ability to continue to invest across the value chain, in support of those customers in a low-risk regulated environment.
Operator: We'll move next to Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just super quick one question following David. When I look at the column on Page 18, is there just a rule of thumb of how long it takes a project to transition from one category to next as it works itself down the chain?
Steven Ridge: Well, we gave some updated guidance to our customers. As you recall, we've talked about, which was moving from a cereal to more of a cluster or a batch approach. And when we did that, we gave indications that from the time you sort of started the process to the potential time where you're signing the ESA and taking delivery of power that, that period would be extended by somewhere between 12 and 36 months, which puts us at speed to market of between 4 to 7 years. 26 gigawatts, that's all in very different phases and probably time lines, don't have specific guidance for you as to how to translate the 26 into the CLOA box or the ESA box. But again, from sort of the very beginning of the process typically to the very end of the process, think of 4 to 7 years. With this much demand, could that possibly pressure that? It's all going to sort of depend on where the specific project wants to be cited and where we have existing delivery points. So not real -- I don't have a real specific guidance for you, Anthony. I apologize, but it's all pretty bespoke depending on where the need is.
Anthony Crowdell: No, that's perfect. And thanks so much for the update. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Steven Ridge: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from David Paz of Wolfe.
David Paz: Just quickly on the -- on your assumption for earned returns in your outlook. Are you projecting any lag over the period? And maybe how much lag and if you can break it down by Virginia and South Carolina, that would be great.
Steven Ridge: Yes. David, we haven't given that sort of specific level of guidance as we go into periodic rate cases and we engage with stakeholders. But I think what we've said in the past has been that at DEV, in particular, where we've got a fairly significant amount of investment in riders, which generally earn at their allowed. We see pretty good ability to achieve allowed returns in 2023, our annual information filing, if you adjust for a handful of items, whether some amortization of fossil retirements that we needed to take, we were -- we are hitting on the base side of the business at pretty close to our allowed and expect that to sort of continue. And then in South Carolina, I think what we've indicated in testimony is that under the existing rate case process that by the time new rates go into effect, given its backward-looking nature, we could be anywhere between 80 and 90 basis points is under earning immediately when rates go into effect. And we've quantified, I think, 100 to 200 basis points on average of under earning during the rate case cycle. And as Bob mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've made that a point of focus. And in our discussions with stakeholders in South Carolina. And our excitement about supporting the needs of the growth -- needs for growth in the state but also a discussion about the ability for us to earn a return that's closer to our allowed. So Obviously, there's work being done on that now. We have tried to be appropriately conservative in our assumptions in the plan as it relates to both where the allowed are set as well as where the earned are set. We certainly have assumed that we have the ability to do somewhat better than what we've done in the past through some mechanism, whether it's legislation or the potential for more frequent rate cases in South Carolina. But I'd rather not get into sort of the specific assumption we've made. I think we've tried to be reasonably conservative but appropriately so.
David Paz: Okay. No, that makes sense. And just maybe quickly, the $4-plus billion of new CapEx. Does any of that include any incremental spend on your interest in summer [ 2 or 3 ]?
Steven Ridge: No. No, it doesn't. We've indicated that we're not participating or interested in that project. And I think you meant -- I think you referred to $7 billion total capital increase. But yes, none of that's related to V.C Summer.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. So I'll turn it back to Bob Blue for closing remarks.
Robert Blue: Thanks, everyone, for taking the time to join the call today, and enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your line is in listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we'll open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, David and good morning everyone. Now, that the final transaction associated with the business review is complete, let me start by saying that we have repositioned Dominion Energy to provide compelling long-term value for shareholders, customers, and employees. Since our March 1st investor meeting, we've consistently communicated the three following priorities; one, hitting our financial plan; two, delivering offshore wind on time and on budget; and three, achieving constructive regulatory outcomes. By achieving these goals, we empower our employees to deliver on our critical mission to provide the reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. On today's call, we'll address each of these areas of focus. First, hitting our financial plan. Third quarter operating earnings, as shown on Slide 3, were $0.98 per share, which for this quarter represented normal weather in our utility service areas. Third quarter GAAP results were $1.12 per share. As always, a summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year period is included in Schedule 4 of the earnings release kit, and a summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results are included in Schedule 2. With nine months of 2024 financial results reported, we're narrowing our full year guidance range to $2.68 to $2.83 per share, while preserving the original guidance midpoint of $2.75. As we highlighted on the last call, fourth quarter earnings are expected to be impacted by higher-than-expected financing costs and normal course movement of operating and maintenance expense from the first half to the second half of the year. Fourth quarter earnings will also be negatively impacted by the earlier-than-planned closing of the CVOW partnership because the associated non-controlling interest hurt, net of debt reduction, is beginning earlier than we expected. Honestly, that's an assumption I'm happy to have been too conservative about as early closing of the transaction represents a meaningful derisking of our plan. Quickly turning to 2025 through 2029, where there are no changes to our prior guidance. We are reaffirming all guidance, including 2025 operating earnings per share of between $3.25 and $3.54, inclusive of approximately $0.10 of RNG 45Z credit income with a midpoint of $3.40. We continue to forecast an operating earnings annual growth rate range of 5% to 7% through 2029, off a 2025 midpoint of $3.30, which excludes the impact of the RNG 45Z credits due to the legislative sunset of that credit at the end of 2027. As a reminder, we continue to expect to see variation within our annual 5% to 7% growth range as a result of the Millstone refueling cadence, which requires a second planned outage once every third year. Finally, we'll provide a comprehensive capital investment forecast update through 2029 on our fourth quarter earnings call, which will take place as usual in early 2025. Turning now to Slide 4. As I mentioned earlier, I'm delighted to report that we have now closed on 100% of the debt reduction initiatives that we announced during the business review. Since our last update, we've successfully closed on the sale of the public service company of North Carolina to Enbridge and the CVOW partnership with Stonepeak. Combined with previous closings, this effort represented approximately $21 billion in debt reduction across six separate transactions requiring multiple federal and state regulatory approvals, all of which were completed in line with or ahead of our publicly announced timeline. We view this as a significant achievement made possible by the collaboration of our counterparties and hard work of our employees. We appreciate the thorough and comprehensive reviews performed by our regulators. I'll finish my remarks on our financing plan as shown on Slide 5. With the completion of our third quarter financing activities, including our $1.2 billion VEPCO debt issuance and $200 million of ATM issuance, we have fully achieved our 2024 financing plan. We'll continue to monitor ways to derisk the company's 2025 financing needs by opportunistically accessing the market through the remainder of the year if and when conditions warrant. For instance, as you'll see in the 10-Q filing, we've gotten a head start on 2025 guided ATM issuance, selling approximately $200 million of shares under the traditional forward sales structure that we expect to settle at the end of 2025. In conclusion, I'll reiterate that I am highly confident in our ability to deliver on our financial plan. The post-review guidance has been built to be appropriately but also not unreasonably conservative to weather unforeseen challenges that may come our way. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thank you, Steven and good morning. I'll start my remarks by highlighting our safety performance. As shown on Slide 6, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first nine months of the year was 0.44, in line with the continued positive trend from the last two years. I commend my colleagues for their consistent focus on employee safety, which is our first core value. In late September, Hurricane Helene caused historic devastation to many communities, including within our South Carolina service area. As a result, we saw significant destruction of our infrastructure, which caused nearly 450,000 service disruptions. At its peak, Helene left nearly half of our South Carolina electric customers without power. This was the largest storm to hit our South Carolina system since Hurricane Hugo 35 years ago. Our employees, many of whom didn't have power or water themselves, worked around the clock in challenging conditions to quickly and safely restore power to our customers. They were joined by over 1,000 of our Virginia team members and partners who traveled south to lend their assistance. The restoration involved replacing over 1,000 transformers, 2,300 poles, and 7,000 spans of wire. Although we've not completed our final accounting, our preliminary estimate of restoration costs, including capital expenditures, is in the range of $100 million to $200 million. Given that costs are expected to be in excess of $100 million, we intend to work with the Office of Regulatory Staff and key stakeholders to evaluate a potential securitization of those deferred costs. We know that this storm impacted the lives of many, including our employees, and our thoughts continue to be with the families and communities that are rebuilding. I'm incredibly proud of our employees and commend all involved for their commitment to serving our customers. We've provided direct financial aid to over 20 different local organizations and the communities impacted by the storm to support disaster recovery and response, including meals, shelter, emergency services, and supplies. And we will continue to look for ways to support our customers, employees, and communities. With that, let me provide a few updates on the execution of our plan, beginning with CVOW. The project is proceeding on time and on budget, consistent with the timelines and estimates previously provided. We just completed a very successful first monopile installation season. As shown on Slide 7, we've installed 78 monopiles as well as 4 pen piles that support the first of three planned offshore substations. Additionally, we've laid the first two of nine marine deepwater export cables ahead of schedule. I'm very pleased with our progress during this first season. Not only did we achieve our installations target, we also gained invaluable experience and process expertise that will make the next installation season even more productive. I also want to thank our partners at DEME for the high-quality work they delivered. Additional CVOW project updates can be found on Slide 8, but a few items to highlight. On materials and equipment, thus far, we've taken receipt of 96 monopiles at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal, representing 55% of the project total. Our partner, EEW, continues to make strong progress, and we expect deliveries to continue steadily in coming weeks. All three offshore substations remain on track, with the first substation and final commissioning and expected to be completed and shipped to Virginia for installation before the next monopile season begins. 82 transition pieces have completed final assembly, of which 33 have been delivered to the Portsmouth Marine Terminal. Additionally, with fabrication of towers commencing last June, the schedule for the manufacturing of our turbines remains on track. We anticipate the nacelle and blade production will begin in the first quarter of 2025. On regulatory, as you may have seen, we made our 2024 offshore wind rider filing this morning, representing $640 million of annual revenue. Turning to Slide 9. The project's expected LCOE has improved to approximately $56 per megawatt hour, the primary driver being forecasted REC prices, which have increased in value considerably. Keep in mind that higher REC prices are credited against the levelized cost of energy as value delivered to customers. Project-to-date, as of September 30th, we've invested approximately $5.3 billion and remain on target to spend approximately $6 billion by year-end 2024. Also per the quarterly filing update today, current unused contingency is $121 million compared to $143 million last quarter. The current contingency level continues to benchmark competitively as a percentage of total budgeted costs remaining when compared to other large infrastructure projects we've studied and ones that we've completed in the past. We have been very clear with our team and with our suppliers and partners that delivery of an on-budget project is the expectation. Lastly, the project is currently 43% complete, and we've highlighted the remaining major milestones on Slide 10. Turning to Slide 11, let me now provide a few updates on Charybdis. Since August, we've completed engine load testing to support crane operations with parallel engine testing underway. In the coming weeks, the final sections of the legs will be set by the crane as well as overall electrical work to allow for commissioning activities. The vessel is currently 93% complete, up from 89% as of our last update. We expect completion of Charybdis in early 2025, consistent with our previous guidance range of late 2024, early 2025. The vessel will complete sea trials and then return to port for additional work that will allow it to hold the turbine towers, blades, and nacelles. There's no change to the vessel's expected availability to support the current CVOW construction schedule, which we anticipate will start in the third quarter next year. There's also no change to the vessel's cost of $715 million. Moving now to Slide 12, we continue to see strong data center growth in Virginia and have already connected 14 new data centers year-to-date. We now expect to connect 16 data centers in 2024, up from 15 as of our last update. Since 2013, we've averaged around 15 data center connections per year. Turning to data center demand on Slide 13. These contracts are broken into: one, substation engineering letters of authorization; two, construction letters of authorization; and three, electrical service agreements. As customers move from one to three, the cost commitment and obligation by the customer increases. We're currently studying approximately 8 gigawatts of data center demand within the substation engineering letters of authorization stage, which means that customers requested the company to begin the necessary engineering for new distribution and substation infrastructure required to serve the customer. There are also about 6 gigawatts of data center demand that have executed construction letters of authorization, which are contracts that enable construction of the required distribution and substation electric infrastructure to begin. Should customers in this stage elect to discontinue projects, they're obligated to reimburse the company for our investment to date. Finally, the 8 gigawatts included in electrical service agreements, or ESA, represent contracts for electric service between Dominion Energy and a customer. Each contract is structured for an individual account. By signing an ESA, the customer is committing to consuming a certain level of electricity annually, often with ramp schedules where the contracted usage grows over time. In aggregate, we have data center demand of over 21 gigawatts as of July 2024, which compares to around 16 gigawatts as of July 2023. These contracted amounts do not contemplate the many data center projects that are in development phase and have not yet reached a point in the service connection process where a contract is executed. Turning to Slide 14, let me update you on our transmission system planning. As I've shared previously, the PJM DOM zone is experiencing unprecedented load growth. This has resulted in a similarly unprecedented increase in both the quantity and size of delivery point requests for transmission service on our system. For context, we've received 63 construction delivery point requests year-to-date September, representing nearly 13 gigawatts of capacity. Since 2020, we've received 280 construction delivery point requests, representing nearly 40 gigawatts of capacity. We've recently begun implementing changes to our process that will only affect new delivery point requests. This will allow us to organize load requests into batches and serve them in the order they're received. Importantly, this will ensure our customers can continue to count on high system reliability even as demand increases materially. Since we began communicating these changes, we've continued to see robust demand from customers. Turning to Slide 15, let me share a few additional business updates. First, on the transmission side, we submitted project proposals in September in PJM's latest open window process for our own transmission portfolio and as part of a joint planning agreement along with AEP and FirstEnergy. We believe this regional collaborative approach allows our companies to offer better solutions to customers than what we could offer alone. While final project selections by PJM won't be made until early 2025, there's a robust need for new transmission across the region, and we expect this open window to reflect that. Recall that last year, we were awarded over 150 transmission projects totaling $2.5 billion. On the generation front, we've announced a number of updates in recent weeks. First, on October 1st, we filed our annual update in the subsequent license renewal proceeding for our nuclear units at Surry and North Anna, seeking recovery of costs incurred for the North Anna extension and cost for Phase 2 of the overall nuclear life extension program, consisting of investments during calendar years 2025 through 2027. On October 15th, we filed our next set of utility-scale solar projects with the Virginia SEC, representing approximately $600 million of investment. Also on October 15th, we filed our 2024 Virginia Integrated Resource Plan, which presented several possible generation build portfolios with additional resource capacity across both renewable and dispatchable generation technologies in response to continued robust load growth and changes in PJM's resource adequacy values. The IRP calls for more of every resource, including more solar, more storage, more wind, more gas, and even more nuclear. On that note, turning to Slide 16. On October 16th, we announced an MOU with Amazon to further explore the feasibility of developing SMR technology at North Anna. To be clear, our interest is in supporting customer power needs and advancing next-generation nuclear in a way that protects our customers, our capital providers, our business risk profile, and balance sheet from development risks including first of a kind risk. We're in early stages here so I'm going to be limited in what I can share on potential structures and the like. But I've explained the factors we'll consider in evaluating any final agreement and we'll provide more details in the future as we're able. I will say that it's very encouraging to see large power users, including technology companies, express a willingness to invest, partner and collaborate to bring this exciting baseload carbon-free technology into fruition. Finally, I'd note that we're actively involved in discussions with other potential partners that are very interested in pursuing similar arrangements. On October 24th, we closed on the acquisition of an approximately 40,000-acre offshore wind lease from Avangrid, representing approximately 800 megawatts of additional possible regulated offshore wind generation. This is in addition to the lease area we secured adjacent to CVOW, which could support even more regulated offshore wind in the future. No timelines on how or when or how much it will cost to advance these options further. Our unique expertise and proprietary knowledge associated with offshore wind developed through our CVOW project gives our customers a competitive advantage. These announcements altogether reflect an all-of-the-above approach to meeting growing demand, and we look forward to working constructively with all stakeholders on these projects. As we've said before, when we consider demand growth, we think about the full value chain, transmission, distribution, and generation infrastructure investment that has and will continue to drive utility rate base growth. Given these drivers, we expect there to be opportunities for incremental regulated capital investment towards the back end of our plan and beyond. As noted, we plan to update our capital guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in early 2025. As always, we will look at incremental capital through the lenses of customer affordability, system reliability, balance sheet conservatism, and our low-risk profile. On customer affordability, as shown on Slide 17, our current residential electric rates at DEV and DESC are 14% and 11% below U.S. average, respectively. And based on the build plans proposed in both states' latest IRPs, both will maintain customer bill growth rates through the forecast periods below current electricity inflation levels. Turning to regulatory updates in South Carolina and North Carolina on Slide 18. As mentioned last quarter, we agreed to a settlement with the Office of Regulatory Staff and other interveners in South Carolina in our electric rate case proceeding, which was approved by the South Carolina Public Service Commission in August with rates becoming effective on September 1st. In addition, policymakers continue to evaluate potential energy legislation, and we're appreciative of the significant time spent to-date by the legislature on this important topic. As we've indicated in the past, we're committed to supporting South Carolina's growing economy. However, as we've testified, the regulatory framework for DESC creates regulatory lag that makes it practically impossible to earn our allowed return, especially as compared to other regulated jurisdictions and the surrounding Southeast regulatory jurisdictions as well. In North Carolina, we reached a settlement with the public staff and other interveners in our base rate proceeding on October 1st, providing approximately $37 million increase in revenue requirement premised upon a 9.95% ROE and a 52.5% equity layer. The agreement also stipulates that $9 million in annual ongoing CCR costs be removed from base rates and placed in a stand-alone rider, subject to approval. Interim rates become effective today in North Carolina, pending the commission's final order. Overall, we continue to achieve constructive outcomes in all of our regulated service territories. Before I conclude my remarks, let me provide a few comments on Millstone. As we've said in the past, we view Millstone as a very valuable asset. It provides more than 90% of Connecticut's carbon-free electricity and 55% of its output is under a fixed price contract through late 2029. The remaining output is significantly derisked by our hedging program. As many of you are aware, there has been recent legislative activity in New England and in Massachusetts specifically, aimed at authorizing future additional procurements of nuclear power. And we've continued to engage with multiple parties there to find the best value for Millstone. In addition to state-sponsored procurement, we're exploring the idea of supporting incremental data center activity as well. We feel strongly that any data center option needs to be pursued in a collaborative fashion with stakeholders in Connecticut. At this point, we don't have a timeline for any potential announcements but this remains top of mind for us. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 19. Our safety performance this quarter remains strong, but there's more work to do to drive injuries to zero. We reaffirmed all financial guidance from March 1 and narrowed our 2024 earnings guidance range. Our offshore wind project remains on time and on budget. We continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. And we are 100% focused on execution. We know we must continue to deliver and we will. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Robert Blue: Morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Bob, just coming back to your comments around the Amazon deal and other potential partners. And can you just give us a bit more color on what these other conversations are? What's the timeline? Is it the same technology? Different types of SMRs? And have you had any kind of hyperscale or interest in the OSW? Thanks.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, great question. Our conversations with Amazon and others have really focused around this new technology of SMR. Let me talk a little bit about that if I could. If you think about why SMRs have become prominent in the national conversation recently, it's really three reasons; one is significant demand growth, driven in large part by large users like data centers. Second, a continued focus on around-the-clock carbon-free generation to meet reliability and carbon reduction goals. And the third, a view that U.S. leadership and nuclear technology is important to national security. And if you think about it, our Virginia utility is right at the intersection of all three of those. We're obviously continuing to see significant load growth in Virginia. Our power demand forecasted to double by 2039. We have a state law in Virginia, the Virginia Clean Economy Act, that calls for a carbon-free grid by 2045 with off-ramps for reliability. And then we serve some of the most important national security and defense installations in the country, like the Pentagon, the CIA, Fort Belvoir, the Norfolk naval base. And then I might add, Virginia is arguably the most nuclear-friendly state in the United States with strong bipartisan support for next-generation nuclear initiatives. Governor Youngkin, Senators Warner and Kaine have all endorsed these efforts. They were at our Amazon announcement recently. The Virginia legislature on a very bipartisan and overwhelming basis passed legislation that allows companies to petition for cost recovery related to certain SMR project development. And then if you think about it, our state is home to significant nuclear operations, Huntington Ingalls, Newport News, BWXT, and Framatome in Lynchburg and then, of course, our long operating units at North Anna and Surry. So, if you think about that context, it's not surprising that our large customers would be interested as they think about us as a good operator of nuclear to work together on maybe advancing those kinds of technologies. So, we've been talking with Amazon obviously and others. Now, all that said, we've got to be very clear headed in the way we go about this, and we've got to make sure we mitigate potential cost and development risk for our customers and our provider of capital. So, we're going to think very clearly and evaluate the feasibility of SMR technology to support our customers' needs. They can play a role in our all-of-the-above approach, along with offshore wind and battery storage. They're going to potentially be an important part of Virginia's growing clean energy mix. So, we issued an RFP last summer to evaluate technologies. But beyond technology, we also need to be smart about financing. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I can't really talk about the specifics of our positioning with Amazon or these other interested parties. But I can tell you, it builds on -- these are customers, particularly Amazon we have a long-standing relationship with. And they've indicated a willingness and interest to participate in funding. So, structure could be something like a build-on transfer. But fundamentally, in any structure we agree on with Amazon or other parties who have expressed interest in this, that structure needs to address first of a kind risk. It needs to address cost overrun risk so that our customers and Dominion Energy don't bear that burden. And we need to protect our balance sheet and our business risk profile. So, we're very excited and optimistic about our agreement with Amazon and our conversations with other parties around small modular reactors. And we're going to be unyielding on those principles that I just identified.
Shar Pourreza: Do any of the hyperscalers have interest in offshore wind?
Robert Blue: We've talked a little bit about them, but the focus of our conversations recently with them has been on SMRs. Remember, we've got the contracted -- I mean, the regulated CVOW that we're building now that's already -- its cost recovery is already well identified. And as we said in the prepared remarks, Shar, we've got these other two options, but we're not at a point now where we have any decisions or timelines. We're very focused in bringing CVOW in on time and on budget. So, it really would be premature to be having conversations with them about future offshore wind. And we've got the offshore wind project underway today under standard regulatory construct.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on the IRP filed a few weeks ago. The portfolio scenarios seem to indicate you would be somewhat of a short position in the state from a capacity standpoint. Why not add more generation to the plan at this point? Too much political sensitivity to gas in the state? Why lean on PJM so much in the plan? Thanks guys.
Robert Blue: Yes, sure. That's a great question. We've got a lot of growth in our Virginia jurisdiction, which is really exciting. And we're -- if you look at the IRP, we're building a heck of a lot and it's across all facets of the generation portfolio. It's potentially doubling the amount of offshore wind. It's adding a substantial amount more natural gas than last year's IRP. It's adding additional solar even beyond what the Clean Economy Act calls for and also large amounts of battery storage. So, I think it would be fair to say that while we're certainly mindful of what PJM's capabilities are, we're building a heck of a lot in this plan. We'll always look for opportunities when it makes sense from a reliability and a customer affordability point of view to do more. But we feel like it's a pretty aggressive plan as it is based on a very substantial demand forecast.
Shar Pourreza: Congrats, guys, on the results, really. See you in a week.
Robert Blue: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hey thanks for taking my question.
Robert Blue: Morning Nick.
Nick Campanella: Morning. I wanted to check in on the Millstone commentary just continue on the nuclear side. You're kind of talking about finding the best value for it. It does seem like the opportunity set has expanded versus what maybe you were kind of contemplating at the Analyst Day offset there. And maybe can you just talk about like if there was to be a data center there? I believe you've already done an uprate there, but are there any options for additionality to contemplate? And how could this all come together? Thanks.
Robert Blue: Yes. Nick, we're studying whether there is a possibility of uprates at Millstone, particularly Unit 2 there, which is the smaller of the 2 units. But as we said in our prepared remarks, there are potential options for contracted procurement in New England. There are potential options for a data center location if it can be done in a way that works for all stakeholders in Connecticut. But it's early days in terms of those conversations so we don't have more to report to you today than what we've already identified.
Nick Campanella: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just thinking through what's kind of incremental since you've outlined the Analyst Day, you filed this IRP. You've highlighted this RTEP process, which I'm sure we'll get clarity on by the fourth quarter call. And obviously, CapEx is going up, but just when you consider the balance sheet and the financing outlook and also considering that maybe some of this capital is going to be more formulaic than it has been in the past, just where do you think you can really bring rate base growth from where it stands today? Is it -- does it extend the current rate base growth or is it really kind of more additive? And I'll leave it there.
Robert Blue: Yes, Nick, that's a great question. And we think about that a lot. So, at our March 1 Analyst Day, we were very clear that we were providing a high-quality durable operational and financial plan with targets that we expect to achieve consistently, and I put emphasis on that word, consistently. So, the plan is built on appropriately conservative assumptions. Now, we operate in premium markets in the Southeast, in Virginia and South Carolina, so we see additional opportunities that can further strengthen our position. And as you alluded to, potentially even extend the long-term growth rate. That's going to be in the later part of the plan. But we're focused on an approach that positions us to deliver predictable year-over-year results and strong performance for the long-term. So, we'll, as you noted, provide an update on our CapEx plan on the fourth quarter call just three months from now. And there, we will underscore our commitment to disciplined growth and operational excellence. But I -- the investor feedback that I have received agrees with an approach of consistent execution against the targets that we already laid out on the 1st of March.
Steven Ridge: And Nick, I would just add, we've said, I think, in several venues and here on this call again today is I think we believe if there is bias around our capital plan, it is upward. We think that, that opportunity would probably present itself, given how long it takes to get projects planned and capital invested and deployed, it would be towards the back end of that framework of 2025 through 2029. And you mentioned balance sheet. We've worked really hard during the review to establish a balance sheet with an appropriate amount of cushion. And as new capital comes into our plan, we'll be thoughtful about how we finance that. Not all capital projects are equal. We spend a lot of time internally thinking about the speed of cash conversion. Some projects turn investment into cash flow more quickly than other projects. And we'll need a mix of those characteristics as we build our plan, but we will be very mindful about how we make sure we finance it in a way that preserves that cushion that we've worked so hard to achieve and we'll continue to have.
Nick Campanella: All right. Thanks for the thoughts today.
Robert Blue: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Ross Fowler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Morning. So, just maybe talking about South Carolina a little bit. You've obviously got the electric settlement there and the approval. How do you think about the schedule from here around legislation moving forward potentially next year? And is that sort of thoughts around economic development on one side, but also sort of, as you said kind of in your comments, Bob, there's got to be something there to sort of address regulatory lag in the state as well? And then the corollary is there, is there also a new nuclear opportunity there, an opportunity around nuclear? I mean, how do we contextualize the experience with V.C. Summer that we've been through versus there is space on that site to maybe do SMRs or something else?
Robert Blue: Yes. So, let me start with the second part first. I think as we said publicly, we're not pursuing a restart of V.C. Summer on that -- of the new units on that site. So, more broadly though, on your question, as you know, as you referenced, the Senate Select Energy Committee is still meeting regularly to produce a companion bill to the one that the House sent over at the end of the 2024 session. Those discussions, as you know, have -- continue to center on authorization for us to partner with Sandy Cooper on a combined cycle plant there. They focus on permitting reform. And also, there have been a lot of conversations recently on regulatory lag. The original legislation talked about the financial health of the utility. And as we think about the financial health of utility, addressing regulatory lag is very important and that conversation has, I think, its focus has sharpened recently. So, we're very supportive of the work that they're doing. It's a great -- South Carolina's a great place to do business. It's the fastest-growing state in the country or certainly among them. It's a great state for business. And I think we've got great opportunities to invest there. We're going to work with policymakers to address this lag issue. It's top of mind for us. It appears to be on the minds of legislators down there, which is good. And we'll have a session coming up at the beginning of next year and see how it all sorts itself out.
Ross Fowler: Okay, Bob, thank you for that. And then maybe moving to storm recovery. Obviously, I think you guys did a phenomenal job on getting everybody back up on power that can take power after the hurricane, so congratulations to you on that. But how do I think about the schedule from here around getting cost estimates finalized, thinking about how much of that is capital versus O&M? And then remind us how the recovery mechanisms for those costs kind of work?
Robert Blue: Yes. Before Steven answers that, I was able to spend some time down in South Carolina right after the storm, particularly in Akin County, which was the most damaged. And it was -- the damage there was significant. And I was just so proud of our team for how hard they were working and continue to work to get the lights back on for folks. And as we think about it, that's the most important part of this discussion. But I'll turn it to Steven to talk a little bit about the timing of recovery.
Steven Ridge: In South Carolina, we defer these to the balance sheet. Given the nature of the storm, the bias of that estimated cost is actually more towards capital than O&M. That's a little bit unusual for like large outage events we have in South Carolina and in Virginia. As part of our most recent settlement on the electric, we agreed with the staff that in good faith pursue potential securitization for storm costs that exceed $100 million. So, we'll have those discussions with them. And I don't have specific timing for you but we would expect this to be a constructive recovery outcome.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Thanks Steve. And maybe 1 last 1 for me back to the MOU with Amazon and I appreciate you can't give us any details here. But just remind us, there's rate structures in Virginia like we have had under the offshore wind where other non-utilities can put capital in. And I believe it's up to 80% of the capital for a project. And is that something that you're kind of referencing with your build-on transfer potential comments?
Robert Blue: Yes, I'm not exactly sure what you're talking to on the 80%. And the investment in offshore or offshore wind project was specifically authorized by legislation in 2023. But there are certainly opportunities for special contract rates with customers or special tariffs. So, that may be a possibility here. But really beyond that and beyond the principles that I talked about earlier, there's not a lot more I can add at this stage.
Ross Fowler: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Robert Blue: Thanks Ross.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Robert Blue: Morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: It's Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Just quick ones, if you could. A lot of good detail here. For the latest REC value in CVOW's LCOE here, can you walk through the factors driving the revision and how that -- how sensitive that assumption is to load growth and renewable additions in the future? Just wanted to see, I guess, what we should be thinking here?
Steven Ridge: Yes, Jeremy, that's a really good question. So, obviously, we saw a very substantial move in the LCOE for CVOW. And we highlighted the driver for that, which is higher expected REC pricing. And when you think about the LCOE calculation, we created that metric to be able to compare it to the reference legislative cap, which is a combustion turbine, which in 2017 dollars is $125 per megawatt hour. And so let me walk through the three components in that calc, so you can think about how that number may move. So, the first is a sort of fairly straightforward revenue requirement associated with cost of service buildup, so it's depreciation, maintenance, property taxes as applicable. It's return on capital, both the financing for the debt as well as the return on equity. So, that's pretty straightforward. And we've given sensitivity to say, hey, if interest rates are financing up or down, here's how the LCOE would change. We've given sensitivities if capital goes up or down. So, that would all impact that. That's all pretty straightforward. The next is PTCs or ITCs. It's PTCs because that's the best for customers. But we credit against that cost of service, the PTC value, which I think makes sense and anticipate huge changes there. We do have a sensitivity for capacity factor, which would affect the denominator and also the amount of PTC, and we've shared that sensitivity as well. The last item is this REC value. So, under a renewable portfolio standard, which the Virginia Clean Economy Act established in Virginia, just like RPS standards in other states, that legislation effectively gives credit to a renewable generation resource to put it closer to being on level playing field with a non-renewable resource. And so in the absence of this project, the CVOW project, our customers would need to procure that REC value. And it's a phased approach so a percentage of our overall load with an adjustment for nuclear megawatt hours, and that steps up through 2045 so it sort of gradually moves up. A percentage of that load has to be met with RECs. And so -- and that allows us to say, hey, relative to this reference resource of the combustion, you really need to give credit to CVOW for the production of these RECs. And as the market value of RECs go up, the value of the CVOW project with the RECs that it creates becomes more valuable for customers. So, that gets netted as well. We don't have perfect clarity as to where market REC prices will go. We know there's been upward pressure on it as a result of two things. One is the ratcheting up of the demand for which we have to procure up specific percentage, like capacity in that respect, as well as the need for us to achieve a growing percentage of that demand. So, it steps-up from 2023. And then in 2025, the law stipulates that 75% of those RECs need to be procured from Virginia-based resources, which is a change. In previous, it could be procured from anywhere in PJM. Now, it needs to be 75%. So, put all that together and the market is reflecting a supply/demand balance, which is favoring a higher REC price. So, where will it go? We don't know. We provide you the table with both with and without REC so you can sort of see with this impact and without this impact. That's how we've presented it to our regulators. I suspect those values will still be -- they'll stay strong, given the dynamics I just described, but we'll just watch it and we'll be transparent with folks. But bottom-line is that we feel like the regulated construct that our policymakers created for offshore wind has resulted in a very good outcome for our customers, and we're very, very focused on making sure we deliver on that promise.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And maybe going back to transmission for a little bit more, if I could. For PJM's open window, can you expand a bit more on the opportunity through your joint projects with AEP and FirstEnergy there. Just really how these projects fit within PJ's transmission system today as it stands and as load growth continues here. Thinking about also as well, I guess, further route, you mentioned opportunities in the back half of the plan. Any additional thoughts on the cadence of when that could come to fruition?
Robert Blue: Yes Jeremy. As we described in our remarks, we submitted these proposals in early October in PJM's latest open window process. And there's growth happening throughout PJM and the opportunity to do something innovative like this with AEP and FirstEnergy, we believe really we're leveraging the expertise of our incredible transmission group, AEP's incredible transmission group, FE's incredible transmission group, to get the most cost-effective solutions as demand is growing. And we're going to -- we've been talking about this for a while, need additional transmission in order to remain reliable to be able to work with those companies to do something a little bit different, we think, makes a lot of sense. It could represent additional CapEx above the March 1 plan if the projects are ultimately awarded by PJM, but those projects are currently under review. They're in the early stages of development. We don't anticipate selection by PJM until the first quarter of next year. So, it is hard for us at this stage to tell you what the cadence of CapEx or the amount of CapEx would be, given we're waiting more from PJM. But I would just leave you with that we expect this open window could be as big, if not even bigger than last year's, which was, as I mentioned, 150 for us, 150 transmission projects totaling $2.5 billion.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, fair enough. I shouldn't get too ahead of myself here. Real quick last one, if I could. Just as far as it relates to the call on generation today, given all this load growth. If you could provide any updated thoughts on how this could or maybe doesn't impact coal plant retirement timelines in general? And at the same time, these EPA regs as it relates to CCS for natural gas plants. Just wondering, any thoughts there on how that impacts your thought process?
Robert Blue: Yes. Jeremy, first, I'm impressed that you asked us many questions when you aren't the only person in the queue. Well done. But let me say on the question of EPA regulations and fossil retirements. First of all, you can -- both those questions are really addressed in the IRP that we just filed. So, it's a 15-year look and you can see there's no fossil retirements in the IRP planning horizon precisely because of the load growth we've been talking about and the load growth that's identified in the IRP. So, no expectation, as that document exists today, as everything that we see today, that we would be retiring any fossil units in the next a decade and a half. And then as to the new EPA regulations, we actually ran scenarios in the IRP with and without those EPA regulations and it did not swing that much what we're building. So, we're going to sort of keep working through the regulations. They're obviously being litigated. But when we ran the models for the IRP, not a huge change between with and without those new EPA RECs.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. I'll have to think of more questions for next time. Thank you.
Robert Blue: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey good morning team, unlike Jeremy, I just have one question. And kind of off of Nick's question, so honestly, if you say we answered it with Nick's question, that's fine. Nick, I thought, was focused more on the rate base growth story and maybe updating that. Obviously, new you saw utilities revising earnings growth rates. I'm just curious on what's the calculus, sort of what do you guys look at when you evaluate your financial plan? Whether it's something like sustainable or not, like about whether it's your visions on rate base growth, and I'm actually leaning more towards like an earnings growth number. And again, feel free to say you answered it in Nick's question.
Robert Blue: We largely answered it in Nick's question, but we'll let Steven offer up a little bit more.
Steven Ridge: Anthony, I think it's a very good question. It's very topical, given calls this season. And I guess the way I would describe it is we put out -- as Bob mentioned, we put out a financial plan on March 1st that we feel very confident in our ability to consistently meet. To the extent that we see continued tailwinds in this -- among the various drivers we've talked about, which is very, very strong load growth and more opportunities to deploy capital and strong regulatory regimes. Every year we put out an update, we're going to be thinking about what the right plan looks like. For us, we think achieving consistently high-quality, predictable, low-risk earnings is the number one objective of our financial plan. And to the extent that we are in a position to do something better, either from a rate base growth perspective or from an earnings growth perspective, we'll consider that very carefully, making sure we're not doing something that's going to jeopardize our ability to deliver on that consistent, predictable, high-quality, low-risk earnings trajectory. And we'll make sure we finance it in a way that preserves that framework as well. So, it's kind of a little bit of a non-answer, which is sort of -- we'll evaluate that every year when we come out with our updated plan or revised, refreshed capital outlook. We obviously have some tailwinds like a number of folks in the industry but we feel really good about the plan we put out on March 1st.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question. That’s all.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just wanted to ask a follow-up on Jeremy's question on the IRP and the EPA regulations. So, it looks like there's still a fair bit of gas, including combined cycle units in that plan. So, just to confirm based on your comments, that does take into account the cost of potentially fitting those assets with CCS technology?
Robert Blue: No, it doesn't take into account the cost of fitting them with CCS, but it does take into account the capacity factor limits within those regulations. So, as we've said, we don't think that CCS is adequately demonstrated. That's obviously going to be a subject of litigation with EPA. But the plan that we put out takes into account the regulations by just adjusting for the capacity factor.
Carly Davenport: Got it, okay. I appreciate the clarification. That's super helpful. And then maybe just 1 quick follow-up, a high-level question as you think about the opportunities surrounding SMRs. As you think about potential timing to commercialization of that technology, I know you've got the 2034 kind of starting date in the IRP. Is that sort of indicative of your views on when you think you could see sort of scaled commercialization of SMRs? Or just any broad views on kind of the timing from that perspective would be helpful?
Robert Blue: Yes, the IRP does reflect our view on timing. So, again, we're going to stick with the principles I outlined. But assuming that we achieve those, what we think is feasible would be and the timelines that we put in the IRP.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thank you so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session, so I'll turn it back to Bob Blue for closing remarks.
Robert Blue: Thanks everyone for taking time to join the call today. Everybody, enjoy the rest of your day, your weekend, and we'll see you at EEI. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with quarterly results on Slide 3. Second quarter operating earnings were $0.65 per share, which included $0.03 of help from better than normal weather in our utility service areas, whether normal operating EPS was $0.62. Relative to Q2 last year, positive factors for the quarter included $0.11 from improved weather, $0.10 from regulated investment growth and $0.17 related to Millstone, including $0.13 from the absence of extended duration outages and $0.04 due to higher realized power prices. Recall that during the second quarter last year, we experienced both planned and unplanned outages at Millstone. The other material factor for the quarter was an $0.08 year-over-year hurt associated with the revenue reduction at DEV related to moving certain riders into base rates as a result of legislation that became effective in July of last year. A summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year period is included in Schedule 4 of the earnings release kit. Second quarter GAAP results were also $0.65 per share. Adjustments between operating and reported results include the net benefit from discontinued operations, primarily associated with the sale of the gas distribution operations, as well as unrealized and non-cash market driven changes in the value of nuclear decommissioning trust funds and economic hedging derivatives. A summary of all adjustments is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Turning to guidance on Slide 4. We're reaffirming all of the financial guidance we provided at our March 1, Investor Meeting. First, 2024, we continue to expect 2024 operating earnings per share to be between $2.62 and $2.87 with a midpoint of $2.75. Year-to-date operating earnings are consistent with the illustrative quarterly earnings cadence ranges that we provided on March 1. Looking ahead, we expect that better than normal weather during the first half of July, combined with the $0.03 of weather help in the second quarter will nearly offset the $0.06 of weather hurt we experienced in the first quarter. During the second half of the year, we expect to see some headwinds from higher than budgeted short term interest rates and backloaded O&M expense, which puts us on track for the midpoint of our guidance range. A summary of the year-over-year drivers and illustrative EPS cadence for the third and fourth quarters is replicated from our March 1 meeting in today's appendix. Turning to 2025 through 2029. We are reaffirming our guidance for 2025 operating earnings per share of between $3.25 and $3.54 inclusive of approximately $0.10 of RNG 45Z credit income with a midpoint of $3.40. We also continue to forecast an operating earnings annual growth rate range of 5% to 7% through 2029 of a midpoint of $3.30 which excludes the impact of the RNG 45Z credits. As a reminder, we continue to expect to see variation within our annual 5% to 7% growth range as a result of the Millstone refueling cadence, which requires a second planned outage once every third year. As it relates to 2025 specifically, earlier this week PJM published the clearing prices in the 2025-2026 planning year base residual auction. Elevated capacity prices at the RTO and DOM zone affirm what we've been saying for the last several years, that robust investment in an all of the above generation resources and new transmission infrastructure is critical to reliably serve the growing needs of our customers in Virginia. As a vertically integrated utility, we have a natural hedge in that the capacity purchases to serve our load are mostly offset by the capacity revenue, our own generation receives. As a result, customers do not have material exposure to the outcome of the capacity market and therefore higher prices do not automatically translate into higher customer costs. At the time of our most recent biennial rate review, net capacity expense represented only about 1% of customer bills. Since then, we've seen a variety of actual and potential bill drivers like the elimination of the regi rider that have the potential to significantly mitigate any net effect of higher capacity expense on customer bills. And remember currently DEV's rates are approximately 22% below the national average. We'll have a holistic view of customer bill impacts when we file our next biennial case next March with rates effective by the end of the year. Until those new rates become effective and as a result of a small short generation position, we expect the impact from higher capacity prices in the second half of 2025 relative to our prior assumptions to be about a $0.04 headwind in 2025, which we fully expect to overcome. That's a temporary impact, but big picture, this is a clear and forceful signal of the continued need for robust levels and investment in our system for many years to come. Finally, and for the avoidance of doubt, no changes to any of the financial guidance we provided on March 1, including earnings, credit and dividend guidance. Turning now to a status update on our business review debt reduction initiatives as shown on Slide 5. During the review, we announced transactions that represent approximately $21 billion of debt reduction. With the closings of the Cove Point, East Ohio Gas, Questar Gas and Wexpro sales and completion of the DEV fuel securitization, we've now achieved 72% of our business review target. We're making excellent progress towards timely closing of the two remaining debt reduction initiatives, the sale of public service company in North Carolina to Enbridge and the noncontrolling equity financing by Stonepeak in the Coastal Virginia offshore wind project. Let me provide a little more color about what to expect here. As it relates to PSNC, all parties reached a comprehensive settlement in late May, followed by an evidentiary hearing on June 11. On July 24, the joint proposed order was filed with the commission representing the final procedural step. We expect a final commission order during the third quarter with closing to follow shortly thereafter. And as it relates to CVOW, we received Affiliates Act approval, representing the first of two required Virginia approvals from the State Corporation Commission on June 26. Last week, SEC staff filed their comments on the Transfer's Act and financing partner petition, the second of two required Virginia approvals. No other parties filed comments, and we consider the staff comments to be constructive. A hearing is scheduled for August 27, and we expect the final order later this year. In North Carolina, the financing requires affiliates agreement approval. This week, the NCUC public staff were the only party to file comments and we consider their comments to be constructive. Next steps will be commissioned hearings, if requested, followed by a commission order. We continue to expect the CVOW financing partnership to be completed by the end of the year, and we look forward to continuing to work with all parties involved. Turning to financing on Slide 6. Since our last call, we successfully issued $2 billion in enhanced junior subordinated notes. These tax deductible securities received 50% equity credit from the credit rating agencies. We've also issued approximately $400 million of equity under our ATM program, representing 80% of the midpoint of our annual guidance as well as roughly $100 million under our DRIP programs. Consistent with our prior guidance during the remainder of the year, we'll complete ATM and DRIP issuance, complete a final long-term debt issuance at DEV, and utilized proceeds from the closings of the PSNC sale and the CVOW partnership financing to further reduce debt and lower interest expense. In conclusion, I'll reiterate that I am highly confident in our ability to deliver on our financial plan. The post-review guidance has been built to be appropriately but also not unreasonably conservative to weather unforeseen challenges that may come our way. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thank you, Steven, and good morning. I'll begin my remarks by highlighting our safety performance. As shown on Slide 7, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first half of the year was 0.38, reflecting the continued positive trend from the last two years. This is a good start, but safety is much more than just a number on a page. It's our first core value and represents the well-being of our people. Our focus continues to be on driving workplace injuries to 0. Moving now to CVOW, the project is proceeding on time and on budget, consistent with the time lines and estimates previously provided. Let me start by highlighting the exciting progress we've made on monopile installation. Thus far, we've taken receipt of 72 monopiles at the Portsmouth Marine terminal, representing 40% of the project total. Our partner, EEW, continues to make excellent progress, and we expect deliveries to continue steadily in coming weeks. As shown on Slide 8, we began monopile installation using DEME's heavy crane vessel the ORION on May 22. As of yesterday, we successfully installed 42 monopiles. After a start-up period during which we successfully calibrated our sound verification process in accordance with our permits, we've been able to ramp the installation rate markedly including achieving two monopile installations in a single day on July 21 and again on July 28. Last week, the project welcomed a second bubble curtain vessel, an important ancillary installation vessel. A bubble curtain is deployed around the pile driving site during every monopile installation as depicted on Slide 9. The second vessel will effectively reduce time between installations. In summary, we're confidently on our way to achieving our goal of 70 to 100 monopiles installed during the first of two planned installation seasons. In another important milestone, installation of scour protection for the monopiles began in June. We've started work on 23 monopiles to date, which is consistent with the final project schedule. Turning now to Slide 10 for a few additional updates on permits. We have received all federal permits. This is unchanged. On materials and equipment, we're on track and making excellent progress. Two of three offshore substation topside structures have been completed and delivered to Semco and Denmark for outfitting, 33 Transition pieces have been fully fabricated and 15 have been delivered to the Portsmouth Marine Terminal. All 161 miles of onshore underground cable has been manufactured and about half of the 600 miles of offshore cable has been produced. In fact, we expect to begin installing the export cable later this quarter. Scheduled for the manufacturing of our turbines remains on track. Fabrication of the towers for our turbines began in June. It's worth noting that even though we won't begin turbine installation until 2025 per our schedule. DMA recently finished supporting a monopile installation campaign for Moore West a project off the coast of Scotland that has now successfully installed the same Siemens Gamesa wind turbine model that CVOW will use. Roughly half of the turbines have been installed and the first turbines are already producing power. The lessons learned from that project will benefit our project installation in the future. Moving onshore. Construction activities remain on track, including civil work to support overhead lines, horizontal directional drills, and duct bank to support the underground work and boards where the export cables come ashore. On regulatory, last November, we made our 2023 rider filing, representing $486 million of annual revenue and the final order was received on July 25, approving our revenue request. Turning to Slide 11. The project's expected LCOE is unchanged at $73 per megawatt hour. Project to date, we've invested approximately $4.5 billion and remain on target to spend approximately $6 billion by year-end 2024. Per the quarterly update filing today, current unused contingency is $143 million compared to $284 million last quarter. Use of this contingency is as expected. I'd just note that the current unused contingency as a percentage of the remaining project costs at 3% is equal to the same percentage at the time of the original filing in November 2021, despite being some 33 months further along with the project. The current contingency level continues to benchmark competitively as a percentage of total budgeted costs when compared to other large infrastructure projects we've studied and ones that we've completed in the past. We've been very clear with our team and with our suppliers and partners the delivery of an on-budget project is the expectation. Lastly, the project is currently 33% complete, and we've highlighted the remaining major milestones on Slide 12. Let me now provide a few updates on Charybdis. Since May, we've installed the main crane structures and the Helideck structure as shown on Slide 13. And the upper leg construction continues on track. We've commenced the main engine load testing, which is on track. In the coming weeks, we will perform main crane load testing. Turning to Slide 14. The vessel is currently 89% complete, up from 85% as of our last update. There's no change to the expected delivery time frame of late 2024 or early 2025, which will be marked by the successful completion of sea trials, after which the vessel will return to port for additional work that will allow it to hold the turbine towers, blades and the cells. There's no change to the vessel's expected availability to support the current CVOW construction schedule, which we anticipate will start in the third quarter next year. As reflected in today's materials, we've updated the project's current estimated costs, including financing costs to $715 million, compared to $625 million last quarter. The drivers for the increased costs are modifications to accommodate project-specific turbine loads based on final certified weights and dimensions of the equipment and additional financing costs. The modifications will enable Charybdis to handle the latest technology turbine design. Charybdis is vital not only to CVOW, but also to the growth of the offshore wind industry along the U.S. East Coast and is key to the continued development of a domestic supply chain by providing a homegrown solution for the installation of offshore wind turbines. We continue to see strong interest in use of the vessel after the CVOW commercial project is complete. Let's turn to South Carolina on Slide 15. On July 12, we, along with the office of regulatory staff and other interveners submitted a comprehensive settlement agreement in our pending electric rate case for approval by the Public Service Commission of South Carolina. The settlement includes all parties signing on or not opposing and reflects the strong collaboration throughout the process. The settlement is premised on a 9.94% allowed ROE and a 52.51% equity capital structure, compared to rates at the time of our original request in March and offset by the fuel reduction and other factors, the settlement's rate request would represent a net 1% increase for residential customers electric rate. If approved, new rates will go into effect September 1. We look forward to further collaboration with stakeholders in South Carolina. Moving now to data centers on Slide 16. As I've said before, we're ramping into the very substantial and growing multi-decade utility investment required to address resiliency and decarbonization public policy goals plus the very robust demand growth we're observing in real time across our system. This growth has been recognized by third parties. As just one example, Virginia was recently named America's top state for business in 2024. This was Virginia's record sixth time at the top of CNBC's rankings and its third win in five years, a record unmatched by any other state since the study began in 2007. For full-year 2024, we expect DEV sales growth to be between 4.5% to 5.5%, driven by economic growth, electrification and accelerating data center expansion. It's worth noting that in July, we registered six new all-time peak demand records and just as we expect, our customers likely had no idea of these demanding load conditions given the high-quality operational performance delivered by our colleagues. The data center industry continues to grow in Virginia. We've connected nine new data centers year-to-date through July, consistent with our expectations to connect 15 data centers in 2024. Since 2013, we've averaged around 15 data center connections per year. However, growth is accelerating in orders of magnitude, driven by the number of requests, the size of each facility and the acceleration of each facility's ramp schedule to reach full capacity. We're taking the steps necessary to ensure our system remains resilient and reliable. We had accelerated plans for new 500kv transmission lines and other infrastructure in Northern Virginia, and that remains on track. We were awarded over 150 electric transmission projects totaling $2.5 billion during the PJM open window last December. PJM's latest open window, which commenced on July 15th is anticipated to be equal to or greater in investment needs as the RTO looks to accommodate data center growth both in Northern Virginia and beyond with additional transmission upgrades. We're working expeditiously with PJM, the SCC, local officials and other stakeholders to fast track critical projects. We're committed to pursuing solutions that support our customers and the continued growth of the region. This includes assessing dispatchable generation needs, especially during winter and on-site backup fuel storage. To that end, in June, we filed a petition with the SEC to construct and operate a backup fuel source for Brunswick and Greensville power stations to support operations and improve system reliability. Additionally, in July, we announced the acquisition of an additional offshore wind leasehold in North Carolina from Avangrid, which we view as an attractive option for future regulated offshore wind development as well as a request for proposals to evaluate feasibility of development of small modular reactors at our North Anna site. These projects reflect an all-of-the-above approach to meet growing demand. When we consider this demand growth, we think about the full value chain, transmission, distribution and generation infrastructure investment that has and will continue to drive utility rate base growth. Given these drivers, we continue to believe there may be opportunities for incremental regulated capital investment towards the back end of our plan and beyond. As I've said before, we will look at incremental capital through the lenses of customer affordability, system reliability, balance sheet conservatism, and our low-risk profile. Looking forward, we'll file a new IRP in October. Last year's IRP factored in significant load growth and investment in generation and transmission over the next 15 years to meet that load growth, while keeping the cumulative average annual growth in the customer bill below 3%. The most recent PJM DOM zone load projections as shown on Slide 17, which were only modestly different than last year's, along with our work to optimize the best ways to meet this load will be factored into our planning for this year's IRP. Before I summarize our remarks, let me touch on data center cost allocation on Slide 18, which has been a topic of investor interest. We routinely examine cost allocations and the corresponding rate designs to ensure they're fair and reasonable. Distribution and generation rates are reviewed by the SEC every two years and with our next biennial review in 2025. Transmission rates on the other hand are reviewed by the SEC every year during our rider T1 proceeding. In both proceedings, if the cost of serving one or more customer classes has changed over time, then costs are reallocated to ensure each customer class is paying their fair share. If the cost of serving one customer class has increased, for example, then their cost allocation will increase and the cost allocation for all other customers will decrease. The most important example in recent years has been the significant reallocation of transmission costs from residential customers on to larger energy users such as data centers. Since 2020, residential customers' allocation of transmission cost has declined by 10%. While GS4, our largest energy usage customer class has increased by 9%. This reflects the growing share of our system that is made up of data centers, along with a shift in how we allocate transmission costs among the classes. We've also adopted other rate mechanisms in recent years that combined with regular and routine assessment of cost allocation and rate design ensure costs are shared equitably across rate classes. We have a long and exciting history of working with data center customers, and we look forward to supporting all of our customers going forward. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 19. Our safety performance this quarter was outstanding, but there's more work to do to drive injuries to zero. We reaffirmed our financial guidance. Our offshore wind project is on time and on budget. We continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. And we are 100% focused on execution. We know we must deliver, and we will. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: And at this time we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. And it does look like we have our first question from Constantine Lednev with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning team. Thanks for taking my questions.
Robert Blue: Good morning.
Constantine Lednev: Starting off on the offshore progress, it's definitely been the strong progress there on the pile driving season. It looks like you've been able to hit that two monopiles per day target. Could we see you exceed the top end of the 70 to 100 target range for the year and maybe any remaining hurdles that we should think about?
Diane Leopold: Hi, good morning. This is Diane Leopold. Yes, we are excited that we've been able to hit the two and the second vessel that we have will keep us in production mode for longer into this season. We're kind of right in peak season right now as the weather starts to change a little bit. We may not be able to keep hitting to quite as often. So we feel really confident in the 70 to 100 and just also keep in mind that during this season, we want to put in at least enough pin piles to be able to set one of the offshore substations. So we have to take that into account. So overall, I would say the team, both our own internal team and the DEME team is doing a fantastic job and that 70 to 100 is a great range. We're very confident in it.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. Thanks for that. And you touched on this on the resource adequacy side. We obviously saw the Dominion zone breakout significantly earlier this week. Can you speak to how your capacity plans are evolving as it relates to the forthcoming IRP? And maybe are you looking for more Chesterfield style gas projects at this point?
Robert Blue: Yes, Constantine. When we think about our plans going forward, we gave our five year capital plan at the Investor Day in March, and we'll update that annually. That's our expectation. And then we'll file our IRP in the fall. We update that annually as well. And that takes a longer-term view. But when we think about demand growth we saw a big jump as the slide demonstrates with PJM between their '22 and '23 forecast, a little more modest, much more modest increase from '23 to '24. So as we described in the prepared remarks, sure, there may be some opportunities towards the back end of the plan to increase CapEx and lots of data points indicating that we need generation in which we've been saying for some time, both renewable and dispatchable in our service territory here in Virginia. So we'll update the capital plan next year. We'll have an updated IRP based upon the PJM forecast, which was not hugely different than last year's, and we'll remain very focused on making sure that we're able to meet demand for our customers. This is a really exciting time has been in Virginia. We're very excited to help keep the state number one for business going forward and that will require investment in distribution, transmission and generation as outlined in the plans we've put forward.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. Really appreciate the details there. I'll be coming back in queue. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we have our next question from Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, thanks for taking the time. And hope you having a good summer.
Robert Blue: [Indiscernible].
Nicholas Campanella: So I just wanted to follow-up on the auction comments just because I know you went through those pretty quickly. So your short generation for next year, that's a $0.04 impact. What does that look like as you get into '26? Like do you have additional generation coming online? I'm just kind of trying to think that if things continue to be really kind of tight here for '26, '27, does that $0.04 continue? And can you just kind of expand on like the mechanism and what differs the VIU vertically integrated model versus the T&Ds and why you have this kind of dynamic going on? Thank you.
Robert Blue: Yes. Nick, I'll take it. So as I mentioned, we've got a natural hedge, which is the generation we own is bidding into the capacity market and receiving the elevated price or we'll receive the elevated price you saw clear. So that revenue credits to customers. Simultaneously, we have an obligation as a load serving entity to also go out and procure enough capacity to sort of satisfy our load and that we'll be paying that high price as well. So naturally, we have the hedge of effectively receiving revenue at the same time as we're outlaying expense. The reason we have a small hurt in the second half of '25 related to this is because we do have a short position between the organic generation that we own and bid into the market versus the load and we typically satisfy that through imports from PJM, and that's not news. And that short positions anywhere between 2,000 and 3,000 megawatts. Going forward, the reason it's leakage, so to speak is because we're in between rate cases. And we weren't able to, because of the timing of this auction, in particular, we weren't able to include the expected cost in the cost of service that we filed as part of the last biennial, and we can't change rates until the end of 2025. So for six months, or it's I guess, seven months starts in June. For seven months, we will bear the cost effectively of that leakage. But then it will go into rates and rates will be effective. Capacity is part of base rates. It's a prudently incurred cost. It's recoverable from customers, and that's why we shared some comments on the potential impact on customers. So this is a very, very temporary. It's driven partly by the fact that we were not in a position to increase rates as part of the most recent biennial settlement. It has to do with the timing of this particular auction. And going forward, we fully expect to be able to recover 100% of this leakage in our rates from customers. So that's why it's temporary. And that's why we kind of said we wanted to be transparent with folks to say, "Hey, here's the math, here's out works. Here's what it is." But also point to that being temporary bigger picture, as -- was alluded to in the last question, this is a consistent signal of what we've been saying of the need for incremental regulated investment will help elongate our growth rate over a longer period of time as we put more and more capital to work on our system. So that's why we've got this natural hedge. That's what's different between the vertically integrated and to the extent that the short position persists, which it will for some period of time, we'll have offshore wind come in, we'll have the Chesterfield CTs come in. So -- but demand is growing. So as that persists, we'll think about ways to become effectively self-sufficient as we have been in the past as we catch up on demand. But from a financial impact, it truly is just a temporary item.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. That's super helpful. I really appreciate it. Thanks for that color. On the Charybdis shift, you're 90% complete or 89% complete, costs are up $90 million. Can you just quickly speak to what's driving that and why this is really should be the last revision there? Thank you.
Diane Leopold: Sure. Good morning. Diane again. So as Bob talked about, these modifications, it really wasn't any change to the base ship, those costs did not increase. But these types of modifications just aren't unusual or not unusual. We had to order the ship long before the final turbine design was complete for our project. So based on the final loadings, there's some additional DESC destining and hell reinforcement for the towers and to support the cantilever blade rocks. So that's really what's driving it. It's not any kind of scope change in the ship. It's just some of these normal modifications. So we're doing a lot of those. That work is already starting -- and a lot of it will happen, while we're completing kind of the internals of the ship, finishing the piping, the electrical work, the crane loading. We'll go for sea trials and then we'll bring it back and finish the last of that work to make sure that we can get the sea fasteners on to support our specific towers, blades, and the cells.
Steven Ridge: And Nick, I'd just add that of that increase, about $55 million of its pure CapEx, the rest of it is associated financing costs. And the way we financed this vessel is through a lease arrangement with the consortium of banks. And we're working with them and they've been great partners along this way. And we don't expect there to be any other increases. I'll say that. We're very confident in that. And by working with this consortium, we've been able to ameliorate the potential cost increase from a financing cost perspective. So we view this as being less than $0.01 in terms -- I think it's about $0.05 in terms of 2025 costs as a result of this increase. So it's not a big financial thing, but again, I wanted to be transparent.
Nicholas Campanella: Really helpful. Thanks for all the answers. Have a good day.
Steven Ridge: Thanks Nick.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Robert Blue: Good morning, Jeremy.
Steven Ridge: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to pivot conversation, if I could, towards Millstone and possibility for data center colocation there? If you could just provide any incremental thoughts on the outlook there? And I guess, maybe navigating stakeholder sensitivities?
Robert Blue: Sure. As we've discussed before, Jeremy, Millstone is a great asset for us for New England. It provides 90% plus of Connecticut's carbon-free electricity. And as you know, 55% of its output is under a fixed price contract through late 2029, the remaining output significantly de-risked by our hedging program. So we're actively working with multiple parties to find the best value for Millstone beyond that current PPA. We're certainly opened some longer type of PPA there's been over the last year, some legislative activity up in New England aimed at authorizing future further procurements. We'll have to see where all of that lands. We're certainly open to the idea of a co-located data center. We continue to explore that option. We do clearly realize any colocation options going to have make sense for us. Our potential counterparty and stake holders in Connecticut. So not any new news there. We continue to look for options for Millstone, but it remains a tremendous asset for us.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. And just wanted to dive in a little bit more, if you could kind of touch just on other angles here. But as far as the ISA protest in front of FERC, where we might hear some news tomorrow. Just wondering any thoughts on the subject that you might be willing to share?
Robert Blue: We're not a party to that proceeding, Jeremy. So my thoughts would not be appropriately educated. So we'll let FERC and others decide that.
Jeremy Tonet: Fair enough. And I think you mentioned that net capacity expenses were previously only about 1% of customer bills. And just any thoughts on the range of what that could look like now after this auction?
Steven Ridge: It's still going to be very small, Jeremy. And we try not to think about customer bill impacts driven by isolated drivers. We try and think about all the different parts and pieces that go into that. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, we've seen the elimination of the regi rider. That was $3 or $4 a month. So when we come back to the commission in March with a holistic approach, we're very, very focused on making sure customer bills are a high priority for us and making the best possible offer to our customers. So I can't give you any specific information about this, but it's not going to be a big number.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Steven Ridge: Thank you.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for our question-and-answer session. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter 2024 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 3, were $0.55 per share, which included $0.06 of headwind from worse-than-normal weather in our utility service areas. Offsets to weather included modest interest savings driven by an earlier-than-budgeted close of the East Ohio Gas Company sale as well as O&M timing. Relative to last year, positive factors for the quarter were higher sales, regulated investment growth and better weather. Recall that we experienced a $0.10 weather headwind in the first quarter last year. So by comparison, a $0.06 weather headwind this quarter is actually a positive year-over-year driver. Other factors include higher interest expense and the revenue reduction at Dominion Energy Virginia related to moving certain riders to base rates. A summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year period is included in Schedule 4 of the earnings release kit. First quarter GAAP results were $0.78 per share, which includes the net benefit from discontinued operations, primarily associated with the sale of gas distribution operations, unrealized noncash net gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, and the unrealized noncash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Turning to guidance on Page 4. We are affirming all of the financial guidance we provided at our March 1 Investor Meeting. As such, we continue to expect 2024 operating earnings per share to be between $2.62 and $2.87 with a midpoint of $2.75. As discussed with the March investor meeting, we're no longer providing quarterly earnings guidance. We are, however, replicating in the appendix of today's materials, the expected cadence of earnings across 2024, including anticipated year-over-year drivers by quarter. There haven't been any changes to that guidance from the investor meeting. We continue to expect 2025 operating earnings per share to be between $3.25 and $3.54, inclusive of the impact of RNG 45Z credits with a midpoint of $3.40. We also continue to forecast an operating earnings annual growth rate range of 5% to 7% through 2029, up a midpoint of $3.30, which excludes the impact of the RNG 45Z credits. As a reminder, authorizing legislation applies to produce RNG volumes in 2025, 2026 and 2027, but sunsets thereafter. For the avoidance of doubt, no changes to any of the other financial guidance we provided on March 1, including credit, dividend and financing guidance. Turning now to a status update on our business review initiatives as shown on Slide 5. During the review, we announced transactions that represent approximately $21 billion of debt reduction. With the closings of the Cove Point and East Ohio gas sales and completion of the DEV fuel securitization, we've now achieved 53% of the targeted debt reduction, representing over $11 billion. With regard to the remaining 47%, we're working methodically towards timely closings for the sales of Questar Gas, Wexpro and Public Service of North Carolina as well as the noncontrolling equity financing for the Coastal Virginia offshore wind project. In all cases, no changes to our original timing expectations. We look forward to continuing to work with involved parties and expect regulatory proceedings to conclude and transaction closings to occur during 2024. For a little more color, in Utah, parties to the merger proceeding agreed to a comprehensive settlement in late March, which was followed by an evidentiary hearing in front of the commission on April 11. In Wyoming, a commission hearing is currently scheduled for May 23. And in North Carolina, a commission hearing is currently scheduled for June 11. As it relates to our announced offshore wind partnership, the transaction requires approvals from the Virginia State Corporation Commission and North Carolina Utilities Commission as well as certain consents from the BOEM and other regulatory agencies. All regulatory filings have now been submitted and procedural schedules have been published in both Virginia and North Carolina. We are excited to have a well-capitalized and experienced financing partner on terms that significantly derisked the project for Dominion Energy customers and shareholders. On credit, the business review resulted in significant quantitative and qualitative improvement to our credit profile. Recent comments by the rating agencies with whom we maintain frequent engagement highlighted the credit positive nature of the business review results. As a result of the review, we have strengthened the company's credit position with an existing consolidated rating categories at each of our 3 rating agencies. Turning to financing on Slide 6. No changes to the financing plans that we shared at the investor meeting. Specific to 2024, we have normal course long-term debt issuance at DEV in the plan for later this year. We expect to issue between $600 million and $800 million of common equity during 2024, including $200 million through our DRIP program and between $400 million and $600 million via ATM. We view this level of steady common equity issuance as prudent, EPS accretive and in the context of our sizable growth capital spending program, appropriate to keep our consolidated credit metrics within the guidelines for our strong credit ratings category. Our plan includes the ongoing utilization of hybrid securities in our capital structure. We have $700 million of junior subordinated notes that will mature in August. And as a reminder, we expect to issue between $700 million and $1.5 billion of hybrids this year. We expect to structure any new hybrids to qualify for 50% equity treatment from the credit rating agencies. In conclusion, I'll reiterate that I'm highly confident in our ability to deliver on our financial plan. The post review guidance has been built to be appropriately but also not unreasonably conservative to weather unforeseen challenges that may come our way. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thanks, Steven, and good morning. I'll begin my remarks by highlighting our safety performance. As shown on Slide 7, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first 3 months of the year was 0.32, a significant improvement relative to already strong historical performance. I commend my colleagues for their consistent focus on employee safety, which is our first core value. On March 1, we announced the results of our comprehensive business review. We thank all those who were able to participate and provide feedback following the event. Please note that those meeting materials and including the webcast replay, continue to be available on our website, and we encourage all to review thoroughly. Throughout the review, I met extensively and directly with many of our shareholders to better understand their perspectives on our company's fundamental opportunities and challenges as well as changes they wanted to see affected as a result of the review. Since the conclusion of the review, I've continued that deliberate campaign of investor engagement, and I'd like to share what I believe represents by and large, the consensus among those shareholders. First, we delivered a truly comprehensive result. This was not a partway review. Instead, we fully addressed head on, the challenges that our company has faced in the past. Second, recognition that we've taken significant steps to enhance transparency, and that we have developed a financial plan that is more durable and more appropriately conservative than in the past. Third, acknowledgment of material changes to my compensation structure, full details of which are now available in our proxy statement, into our governance more generally, that demonstrate a strong commitment to shareholder alignment. And finally, and perhaps most importantly, a clear expectation that the company must be 100% committed to executing and delivering on the operational and financial guidance we have provided. On that last point, we are unwavering. Let me repeat what I have said before. I am accountable for and my entire leadership team has embraced our commitment to execute and deliver. I am very excited for the next chapter of our company. With that, let me provide a few updates on the execution of our plan. Turning to offshore wind, I'd like to start with a few remarks related to inaccurate news releases circulating yesterday regarding the status of our project. There has been no delay ordered. Our construction schedule has not been altered. We expect to begin monopile installation between May 6 and May 8. On April 29, a motion was filed in the U.S. District Court for the D.C. circuit, requesting a preliminary injunction in connection with a complaint filed related to the administrative process for certain permits and approvals received. The judge has not ruled on the preliminary injunction motion and in fact, has issued no orders other than the following schedule. We'll file a status report tomorrow regarding the various mitigation plans being finalized with BOEM and other agencies prior to beginning monopile installation and provide the estimated date for such installation work to begin. We and the government will file our brief in response to plaintiff's motion on Monday. Plaintiff's have until May 9 to file any reply. The biological opinion was thorough and complied with all legal requirements, which is true of all other permitting actions for this project. Similar arguments to those made by the plaintiff's in this case, have been rejected by courts when raised with respect to other projects. Most recently by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the first circuit just last week and the challenge brought against the permit for Vineyard Wind. We believe this lawsuit has no merit and we expect the court to deny the plaintiff's request for a preliminary injunction. Let me just reiterate. The project is proceeding on time and on budget, consistent with the timelines and estimates previously provided. As shown on Slide 8, last month, the project received its 11th and final federal permit. Our materials and equipment were on track and making excellent progress. We've received 36 monopiles from our supplier, EEW at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal representing 20% of the total. We expect deliveries to continue steadily in coming weeks. These monopiles will begin to be installed next week. DEME will use their heavy lift crane vessel, Orion, which is currently at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal in Virginia. Recall that we've scheduled monopile installation across 2 seasons, 2024 and 2025, which allows us to better mitigate any potential delays or disruptions without impacting final schedule. The first of 3 offshore substation topside structures have been completed and delivered to CSWind/SEMco to be outfitted. The first 6 transition pieces have been loaded and are on their way to Virginia and expected to arrive in late May. All 161 miles of onshore underground cable has been manufactured, and over 1/3 of the 600 miles of offshore cable has been produced. Scheduled for the manufacturing of our turbines remains on track. It's worth noting that even though we won't begin turbine installation until 2025 per our schedule, DEME recently finished supporting an installation campaign for Moray West, a project off the coast of Scotland that has now successfully installed the same Siemens Gamesa wind turbine model that CVOW will use. The lessons learned from that project will benefit our project installation in the future. Moving onshore. Construction activities remain on track, including civil work, horizontal directional drills and the boards where the export cables come ashore. On regulatory, last November, we made our 2023 rider filing, representing $486 million of annual revenue. The hearing is scheduled for later this month, and we expect the final order by August. Turning to Slide 9. As reflected in our standard status report filed with the SEC yesterday, we've updated the project's expected LCOE to be $73 per megawatt hour, down modestly relative to our last update. The drivers for the lower LCOE include about $1.5 related to an updated REC price forecast which produces a larger project benefit for customers as well as other factors. There have been no changes to the capital cost, capacity factor or interest rates. We've again provided sensitivities to show how the average lifetime cost to our customers is affected by these key assumptions. We remain well below the legislative prudency cap on this metric, and I would point out well below the PPA prices being considered in other parts of the country. Project to date, we've invested approximately $3.5 billion and remain on target to spend approximately $6 billion by year-end 2024. 93% of project costs are now fixed. We'll gradually increase that percentage over the remainder of the project construction timeline. I'm very pleased that per the filing, current unused contingency of $284 million is equal to the original contingency filed in November 2021, despite being some 30 months further along with the project. Slightly lower contingency relative to our prior update is not unexpected, and changes of this kind are considered normal as we move further towards project completion. The current contingency level continues to benchmark competitively as a percentage of total budgeted costs when compared to other large infrastructure projects we've studied and ones that we've completed in the past. We've been very clear with our team and with our suppliers and partners the delivery of an on-budget project is the expectation. Lastly, the project is currently 28% complete and we've highlighted remaining project major milestones on Slide 10. Let me now provide a few updates on Charybdis, as shown on Slide 11. The vessel is currently 85% complete, up from 82% as of our last update. Last month, we announced that Charybdis was successfully launched from land to water, marking a major milestone in the vessel's construction. To achieve this milestone, welding of the ship's haul and commissioning of vessels 4 legs and related jacking system were successfully completed. I encourage you to access the short video of this successful launch included in today's materials. There's no change to the expected delivery timeframe of late 2024 or early 2025, which will be marked by the successful completion of sea trials. There's also no change to the vessel's expected availability to support the current CVOW construction schedule. In April, we agreed to terminate a charter agreement under which Charybdis would have serviced a third party until returning to CVOW in the second half of 2025 to begin turbine installation. As a result of the mutually agreed termination, CVOW currently has sold an exclusive access to the vessel in 2025, and we're exploring options to further derisk the project's timeline by potentially accelerating its deployment to CVOW. The termination does not have a meaningful impact on our financial plan, earnings, cash or credit, and there's no change to our financial guidance as a result. Finally, there is no change to the project's current estimated cost of $625 million. Charybdis is vital, not only to CVOW, but also to the growth of the offshore wind industry along the U.S. East Coast, and is key to the continued development of a domestic supply chain by providing a homegrown solution for the installation of offshore wind turbines. We continue to see strong interest and use of the vessel after the CVOW project is complete. Turning to Slide 13, let me address affordability as well as provide a few regulatory updates. At DEV, current rates are approximately 14% below the national average. Yesterday, we made several filings related to fuel and transmission riders that would result in a net bill reduction for a typical residential customer of roughly 3%. At DESC, our recently approved fuel cost settlement related filings reduced customer bills by over $13 a month. Current residential rates are now approximately 18% below the national average. And in March, we initiated an electric general rate case representing the first filing in the past 4 years, during which time, we've invested $1.6 billion in our system to the benefit of our customers. We expect new rates based on a typical procedural schedule to be effective in September. Being very focused on affordability allows us to ensure customers are getting compelling value, coupled with high reliability. Turning to Slide 14 and the growth outlook in Virginia. Let me share a few thoughts on, first, our customers' needs; second, what's being done to support them; and third, the impact to our long-term financial plan. First, customers' needs. We're ramping into the very substantial and growing multi-decade utility investment required to address resiliency and decarbonization public policy goals, plus the very robust demand growth we're observing in real time across our system. DEV's weather-normal year-over-year sales growth rate through March was 4.8%, precisely in line with our full year 2024 growth rate expectation of 4.5% to 5.5%, driven by economic growth, electrification and accelerating data center expansion. The data center industry has grown substantially in Northern Virginia in recent years. In aggregate, we've connected 94 data centers with over 4 gigawatts of capacity over the last approximately 5 years. We expect to connect an additional 15 data centers in 2024. Northern Virginia leads the world in data center markets. In recent years, this growth has accelerated in orders of magnitude, driven by one, number of data centers requesting to be connected to our system; 2, the size of each facility; and 3, the acceleration of each facility's ramp schedule to reach full capacity. For some context, historically, a single data center typically had a demand of 30 megawatts or greater. However, we're now receiving individual requests for demand of 60 to 90 megawatts or greater and it hasn't stopped there. We get regular requests to support larger data center campuses that include multiple buildings and require total capacity ranging from 300 megawatts to as many as several gigawatts. Last month, PJM released its capacity auction planning parameters. The results align with our analysis of load growth and the need for requisite dispatchable supply resources included in our 2023 IRP. This independent modeling also validates the need to expediently progress the recurring local and PJM regional transmission planning and expansion process and our decision to expedite numerous projects over the last 2 years. Second, what are we doing today? We will take the steps necessary to ensure our system remains resilient and reliable. We had already accelerated plans for new 500 kV transmission lines and other infrastructure in Northern Virginia, and that remains on track. We've been awarded over 150 electric transmission projects totaling $2.5 billion during the PJM open window last December. We're working expeditiously with PJM, the SCC, local officials and other stakeholders to fast track these along with several other critical projects. We're committed to pursuing solutions that support our customers and the continued growth of the region. This includes assessing dispatchable generation needs, especially during winter and on-site backup fuel storage. Finally, what's the impact to our financial plan. Our capital plan is driven by demand, reliability and customer needs. When we consider this demand growth, we think about the full value chain: transmission, distribution and generation infrastructure investment that has and will continue to drive utility rate base growth. We believe there may be opportunities for incremental regulated capital investment toward the back end of our plan and beyond. As I've said before, we will look at incremental capital through the lenses of customer affordability, system reliability, balance sheet conservatism and our low-risk profile. Our IRPs take a longer-term view. The 2023 IRP factored in significant load growth and investment in generation and transmission over the next 15 years to meet that load growth, while keeping the cumulative average growth in customer bill below 3%. The most recent PJM load projections, along with our work to optimize the best ways to meet this load will be factored into our planning for this year's IRP. The 2024 IRP will be submitted to the SEC and NCUC in October 2024. We will continue to provide updates as things develop. We remain focused on our core responsibility of safely providing reliable energy to our customers. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 15. Our safety performance this quarter was outstanding, but there's more work to do to drive injuries to 0. We affirmed all financial guidance. Our offshore wind project is on time and on budget. We continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day, and we are 100% focused on execution. We know we must deliver and we will. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question today from Shar Pourreza at Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Maybe I can start with a two-part question on data centers. Bob, I know you made prior comments in media around self-generation and self-supply. What are you seeing within the pipeline you just discussed as it relates to these 2 items, which can obviously mitigate some of the load growth you highlight? And secondly, how are you sort of thinking about rate design and tariff changes to make sure Virginia customers benefit or at least held harmless on things like interconnection costs?
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, both really good questions. I may take them a little bit in reverse order. We've worked with data centers for many years, and we have very strong relationships with them. As you know, Loudoun County is home to the largest data center market in the world. And we have had an opportunity to work with our data center customers for 15 or more years. So with those relationships, we're certainly looking into alternative rate designs and discussing potential structures with them. Obviously, anything that we would do there would need to be approved by the SCC. So nothing specific to offer, but we certainly continue conversations with these customers that we've worked with so well for so long. As behind-the-meter solutions or some sort of self-supply, I suppose there could be some specific situations where that might make sense for some customers. But we think given their need for reliability and affordability, we think the majority of those solutions are going to want to access the broader network of system resources that are in front of the meter. And I think it's really important to keep in mind, regardless of the source of generation, substantial transmission investment, which we've noted before. So fundamentally, given our long history with data center customers, we're quite confident in our ability to find solutions that work for them, for other customers and for our shareholders.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then maybe just touch on resource adequacy for a second and kind of your plans as it relates to the upcoming capacity auction. Are you electing the FRR, which is due by the 17th of this month? And more importantly, just elaborate a bit more on the IRP update and incremental generation spend. Could this kind of be accretive to the plan?
Robert Blue: Yes. Again, I'll take the second part first. So as to potential incremental capital, as we said in our prepared remarks, toward the end of the plan, we could certainly see some additional capacity. We described the way data centers are ramping in faster than they have before that their requests are bigger than they've been before. We don't forecast demand based on engineering assessments. We do that based on signed contracts. And then in the later years, customer intelligence, we're pretty confident in our ability to do that. So there may be potentially some upside there as we go out. As I said in our prepared remarks, our investments are going to be driven by policy and customer needs. We'll be very thoughtful about our balance sheet and our business risk profile as we make additional investment decisions. Fundamentally, it's just a very exciting time for the industry, particularly for us, given our experience with data centers. As to PJM as I expect you know, Shar, from 2007 to 2022, we participated in the PJM capacity market through the reliability pricing model. In 2021, we announced we were going to elect FRR because that made the most sense for our customers. Now with PJM's most recent capacity market reforms and assumptions, it makes sense for us to return to the capacity auction starting with the '25, '26 auction. Returned us to the way we did business for many years. It doesn't change guidance. It doesn't change the way we operate our system or the way we think about the world. In fact, all the auction planning parameters released by PJM in April, are quite consistent with our view. We're going to see substantial load growth driven by electrification data centers for the foreseeable future.
Operator: We will take our next question from the line of Nick Campanella at Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: I wanted to ask on South Carolina. I think HB 5118 has been kind of progressing through and it's our understanding that can maybe kind of change a few things on the regulatory footprint there. Can you just kind of talk through if that affects your capital plans or your assumptions at all and how we should kind of think about that?
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, I appreciate that question. The legislature is scheduled to adjourn next week in keeping with our standard practice, I'm not going to talk about pending legislation today. We'll know where everything lands next week. I can tell you what we're very focused on in South Carolina. First, a constructive outcome in our electric base rate case that's pending right now. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, we've invested $1.6 billion on behalf of our customers since the last case. Our rates in South Carolina are low. Our reliability is outstanding. So we think we're in a very good place with respect to that case. And then beyond that, we're very focused on continuing to serve our customers well, and getting closer to earning our authorized return in South Carolina. If you just sort of look big picture, South Carolina is a great state to do business. We want to be in a position to continue to invest in growth capital as the state grows. So that's what we're focused on, and we'll see how the legislature lands here in a week or so.
Nicholas Campanella: I appreciate that. And then I guess just on the ship, these ship to be certain, you kind of talked about derisking the project timeline and you seem ahead of schedule. Is that versus the ISD, the '24 to early '25? Or is that more relative to where it falls in your kind of current offshore wind construction schedule. And then maybe you can kind of remind us what's in the plan today for future contracting opportunities for that ship after you're done with Virginia Offshore win?
Steven Ridge: Nick, I'll take the second part first with regard to what we've assumed. So we've made some assumptions of the ability to contract the vessel to third parties at the conclusion of the work it does for CVOW, and we continue to see robust interest in that vessel, given sort of the unique nature of what it provides. So we feel like we've made reasonably conservative, not unduly conservative assumptions on that, and that's included in the guidance that we provided with regard to the Dominion Energy contracted energy segment at the Investor Day materials. With regard to the timeline and sort of what it all means, no change to the expectation that the vessel will complete its sea trials in late '24, early 2025. And with the termination of the charter that we discussed in the call, that doesn't change the broader expectation for timeline for the project. What it does is it allows us to make sure that we can stay on track of that schedule. It gives us opportunities to begin installation when weather is most favorable. It will allow us without that first charter, we won't need the time to reconfigure the vessels outfitting between charters to accommodate our project's turbine size. So if you think about the vessel availability as on track, consistent with how we've thought about it in the past. To the extent we're able to bring it forward, that's great to the vessel, to the project. But I wouldn't think of it as bringing the back end of the project in. It's just another way that we can mitigate what will be. I'm sure things that happen along the way that we don't currently foresee, but we want to build as much cushion as we possibly can, and that's what this will accomplish for us.
Operator: We will take our next question from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just one quick question. Do you have a number for kind of where you stand on the ATM for this year as of now? How many shares you've issued?
Steven Ridge: Yes. We haven't issued any shares of the ATM yet, Steven. And that's a function of during the business review, our ATM shelf registration expired and so we actually didn't have the registration statement available to us. So we will be implementing that here very, very shortly, and then that will allow us to begin that program.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just going back to the kind of tie in with the data center in IRP and the like. Bob, you mentioned dispatchable generation and then potentially gas storage. Could you just give a little -- it sounds like maybe you've got like a winter tightness that maybe need to deal with? And just would you be investing in the storage? And just how we should think about those needs?
Robert Blue: Yes. Just to be clear, we're looking potentially at -- we've got a couple of big combined cycle plants not too far away from each other, being able to have some gas LNG storage that is available to those two. That's the kind of thing that we're talking about. More broadly, as we've discussed, we're building a lot of renewables, which all of our customers are looking for, but we need to make sure that we can operate the system reliably. That's why we've been talking about that storage I just described as well as some combustion turbines at our Chesterfield site.
Operator: Our next question this morning will come from Jeremy Tonet at JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: It's Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Continuing, I guess, with the data center line of thought, if I could. And I appreciate that this is a sensitive topic overall. But just any thoughts that you could provide with regards to the uncontracted Millstone capacity and that could possibly supply power to data centers? And how have conversations with stakeholders evolved there?
Diane Leopold: Jeremy, this is Diane. Really nothing new to report from what we said before in February of '23. We signed an MOU with NE Edge to work together on development of a data center on Millstone property. And they are continuing to work with the state agencies and legislators to gain approvals to move that project forward. If the permits are granted, then we remain ready to support the project, and that would include providing land and a long-term PPA for power from a portion of Millstone, which will be about a few hundred megawatts.
Steven Ridge: And Jeremy, I would just note, and I think we disclosed this earlier, we've not made any assumptions in our financial plan associated with a co-located data center at the Millstone Power facility. So...
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And continuing with this line of thought, if I could. I believe there's legislation passed in Virginia to possibly recover some cost of SMR development in the state. And just given how provides the 24/7 baseload that seems to match up well with data center needs. Just wondering any thoughts you see there on the potential over time? We see Ontario Power really moving forward swiftly on SMR development. And just wondering, any high-level thoughts you might be able to share there?
Robert Blue: Yes, Jeremy, first. I think that legislation confirms a continued commitment in Virginia among policymakers in support of nuclear power. We operate 4 units in Virginia and have well for many years. The Navy has a substantial nuclear fleet. Many of those vessels ported in Virginia. And there are other parts of the nuclear industry that are all represented in Virginia. So I think it was a very positive sign that, that legislation passed that continues to support nuclear power in Virginia. We included SMRs in our last IRP out toward the end of the plan. We continue to investigate the opportunity to be able to deploy SMRs on the behalf of our customers. But I would add, just like with every other investment that we think about, we need to make sure that it's customer-friendly, that it fits within the parameters of our balance sheet and our business risk profile. So we're continuing to explore SMRs, as you point out, they are dispatchable and nonemitting, but we've got ways to go yet.
Operator: And next, we will also hear from Bill Appicelli at UBS.
William Appicelli: Most of my questions have been answered, but just piling on the data center, just a couple of comments that you made there. You commented the ramp times have been accelerating. Can you maybe just describe how that's playing out? Like, for example, the 15 that you're connecting this year, when would you expect them to be at full run rate?
Robert Blue: Yes, Bill, I don't think we know specifically on those 15 how quickly they're going to be at full run rate. It really is just a matter of the amount of time that some of them that we've seen in the past would take to ramp fully into the capacity they ask for. They're expecting to ramp in quite a bit faster. But we don't have specifics regarding those 15 that we expect to connect this year.
William Appicelli: Okay. I mean is there, I guess, a historical precedent of how long it's taken on prior data centers?
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold again. So typically, when they had capacity, they might ramp into that capacity over like a 4- to 5-year type of period. And now that same capacity that we're interconnecting could be closer to a 2- to 3-year period.
William Appicelli: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess just more broadly, again, on the same topic. Can you just share a little bit about the process of evaluation with the data center developers and how you structure the contracts and their commitments in terms of having the load show up and so that you're restructuring the cost profile appropriately to protect ratepayers?
Robert Blue: Yes, Bill, great question. They -- our data centers are on the rate schedule that applies to all our large customers. And that's been that way for some time. And the State Corporation Commission would have to make any changes if we were talking about -- approve any changes if we're talking about any changes to that, which not on the table at the moment. The sort of thinking about the way we structure contracts, they have contract minimum demands that they are obligated to achieve in order to cover the incremental cost of the infrastructure that we're building for them. And that has been in place for us for some time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and we hope that you enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. As always, let me begin with safety, as shown on Slide 3. In 2023, our employee OSHA recordable incident rate was 0.45, a significant improvement to already strong historical performance. We also achieved a record low lost time restricted duty injury rate. We're pleased but not satisfied with these results. I strongly believe that exemplary safety performance unlocks our ability to execute optimally across the 3 pillars of our mission, as shown on Slide 4. We maintained outstanding reliability in 2023 as our electric customers in Virginia and South Carolina had power 99.9% of the time, excluding major storms. Our residential rates continue to be well below the national and regional averages. From 2005 through 2022, we've reduced Scope 1 carbon emissions from our electric operations by nearly 50%, even as annual energy generated over that period has increased 9%. Going forward, you'll continue to hear how we're executing against our mission because an exceptional customer experience positions our company to deliver the best results for our shareholders. I'm very pleased to share several important updates with you this morning as it relates to our business review in the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind Project. Let me begin by reiterating my previous commentary regarding the review. Our guiding priorities and commitments are unchanged, as is my conviction around both the decision to undertake the review and the quality of the result I expect us to deliver. The review will comprehensively and finally address foundational concerns that have eroded investor confidence in our company over the last several years. We will not pursue a series of partial solutions that leave key elements and risks unaddressed. Instead, we'll deliver a comprehensive result that will provide a durable and high-quality strategic and financial profile that optimally positions Dominion Energy to provide compelling long-term value for shareholders, customers and employees. This morning, we announced a key part of that result with the execution of an agreement to add a non-controlling equity partner in the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project. This arrangement with Stonepeak, a global leader in infrastructure investing, represents the final strategic step in the business review and delivers an exciting result for our customers and our shareholders. Before I walk through the transaction specifics, let me update you on the continued successful development of the project across all phases. The project is proceeding on time and on budget, consistent with the time lines and estimates previously provided. We continue to achieve significant project milestones, as shown on Slide 5. On permitting; last month BOEM provided final approval of our construction and operation plan which allows us to begin offshore construction in the second quarter. And the Army Corps of Engineers issued its permit which has allowed us to ramp up onshore construction. On materials and equipment; we're on-track and making excellent progress. One of the keys to our success has been that from the beginning of the project, we insisted that our equipment be sourced from mature facilities under dedicated production allocations that are specific to our components. We've received 24 monopiles from our supplier, EEW, at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal, with more on the way in the coming weeks. These monopiles will begin to be installed by DEME during the second quarter. Recall that we've scheduled monopile installation across 2 seasons, 2024 and 2025 which allows us to better mitigate any potential delays or disruptions without impacting final schedule. The first of 3 offshore substation topside structures is complete and has been delivered to Bladt/SEMco to be outfitted. We expect first delivery of transition pieces to Virginia during the second quarter. All 161 miles of onshore underground cable has been manufactured and approximately 200 out of 600 miles of offshore cable has been produced. Schedule for the manufacturing of our turbines remains on track; it's worth noting that even though we won't begin turbine installation until 2025, per our schedule, DEME is currently supporting an installation campaign for a project off the coast of Scotland that's using the same Siemens Gamesa wind turbine model that CVOW will use. The lessons learned from that project will benefit our project installation in the future. Moving onshore; construction activities have begun, including civil work, horizontal directional drills and the bores where the export cables come ashore. On regulatory; last November we made our 2023 rider filing representing $486 million of annual revenue. We're currently in the testimony phase and expect the final order by August. Turning to Slide 6. There have been no changes to the project's expected LCOE of $77 per megawatt hour. We've again provided sensitivities to show how the average lifetime cost to our customers is impacted by capital costs, capacity factor and interest rates. We remain well below the legislative prudency cap on this metric. Project-to-date; we've invested approximately $3 billion and we expect to spend an additional $3 billion by year-end 2024. A little more than 92% of project costs are now fixed. We'll gradually increase that percentage over the remainder of the project construction time line. At this stage of project completion, the current unused contingency at $351 million benchmarks competitively as a percentage of total budgeted costs when compared to other large infrastructure projects we've studied. It also compares favorably to the current level of unfixed costs. We've been very clear with our team and with our suppliers and partners that delivery of an on-budget project is the expectation. Along those lines, this morning, we posted an important video update to our Investor Relations website that features representatives from the senior executive management teams of all of our primary CVOW commercial partners, including Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy, EEW, Bladt Industries, Semco Maritime, DEME and Prysmian, as well as the CEO of Seatrium, the constructor of our Jones Act-compliant installation vessel. I strongly encourage our investors, government and regulatory partners, employees and other stakeholders to watch the short video. You'll hear, in their own words, a course of unwavering enthusiasm for and commitment to an on-time and on-budget in-service for the project. We're fortunate to enjoy such extraordinary support from our key suppliers and, together, we will deliver this exciting project. Moving to Slide 8, a couple of final points here on Charybdis. The vessel is currently 82% complete, up from 77% as of our last update. No change to our expected delivery time frame of late 2024 or early 2025. A few highlights. Labor levels have increased to over 1,200 and are continuing to be augmented as compared to approximately 1,000 last October and 800 last August. Recent construction milestones have been met, including installation of the remaining jack-up legs. Jack-up system commissioning is underway. All major subcomponents are on-site and awaiting installation. We expect the vessel to be floated in coming weeks. And there's been no change to project costs of $625 million, including financing costs. In summary, there is no change to the vessel's expected availability to support the current CVOW construction schedule, including its availability to support any third-party charter agreements in 2025. As you can see, we feel very good about the progress we're making with the support of our project partners towards an on-time and on-budget completion of this very important project. Throughout our robust and competitive offshore wind process, we had multiple high-quality strategic and financial potential partners deploy significant operational, regulatory, commercial, financial and legal resources to thoroughly diligence every aspect of the project. And the consensus independent feedback was that the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind Project is optimally positioned to be delivered on time and on budget and is supported by enthusiastic and committed suppliers and partners. With that, let me walk through the CVOW transaction, starting with Slide 9. We're excited to be partnering with Stonepeak, one of the world's largest energy infrastructure investors with over $61 billion in assets under management. Stonepeak has a track record of investment in large and complex energy infrastructure projects, including offshore wind. Their significant financial participation will benefit both our project and our customers. On transaction structure; Stonepeak will invest in a newly formed subsidiary of Dominion Energy Virginia. It will be a public utility in Virginia and be entitled to recover its prudently incurred cost of constructing and operating the project under the existing offshore wind rider in Virginia. Dominion Energy will retain full operational control of the construction and operations of CVOW. And as a result, we expect to consolidate the partnership for accounting purposes. Stonepeak will own a non-controlling equity interest and will have customary minority interest rights. On cost sharing; the agreement provides for robust cost sharing that significantly improves the company's credit profile and provides meaningful protection from any unforeseen project cost increases. Mandatory capital contributions, including an initial reimbursement, will be used to fund expenditures up to $11.3 billion on a 50-50 pro rata basis. This represents 50-50 cost sharing up to 15% or nearly $1.5 billion higher than the project's current budget, including unused contingency and up to 20% or nearly $2 billion higher than the project's current pre-contingency budget. The agreement also provides for additional sharing of project costs, if any, between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. In that hypothetical case, Stonepeak would continue to share in project costs through a gradually increasing spectrum of dilution to Dominion's share of project ownership. Slide 10 shows how Dominion and Stonepeak will share project funding and ownership under a variety of hypothetical cost scenarios and I stress hypothetical because we fully expect to deliver this project on time and on budget. Turning to Slide 11. At closing, Stonepeak will make a cash payment to Dominion to reimburse 50% of the capital spent to date, less $145 million. This nearly $3 billion project cost reimbursement will be used to reduce parent-level debt. Thereafter, Stonepeak will fund their pro rata share of capital calls during construction, consistent with the schedule included in the appendix of today's materials. At commercial operation, Stonepeak will make a payment to Dominion Energy, the amount of which will depend on the final construction cost, as shown on the slide. The transaction requires approvals from the Virginia SEC and North Carolina Utilities Commission as well as certain consents from BOEM and other regulatory agencies regarding the assignment of certain contracts and permits needed for the partnership post-closing. We expect to obtain all necessary approvals and consents by the end of 2024. Continuing to Slide 12. I'm confident that this partnership is in the long-term best interest of our customers and our shareholders. The transaction achieved several key objectives. First, it adds an attractive, well-capitalized and high-quality partner who brings a track record of investment in large and complex infrastructure projects, including offshore wind, that will further derisk what is already a significantly derisked and well-developed project. Second, it provides for robust cost sharing and provides meaningful protection from any unforeseen project cost increases. And third, it improves our quantitative and qualitative business risk profile via a highly credit-positive partnership. The transaction will improve our credit profile, reduce project concentration risk and lower our financing needs during construction. Further, the transaction is expected to improve our estimated 2024 consolidated FFO to debt by approximately 1%. Importantly, we reviewed the transaction with our credit rating agencies in advance of signing. And based on their feedback, we expect the transaction to be viewed as unambiguously credit positive and that is a very key benefit for our customers. A financially healthy utility with a strong balance sheet is optimally positioned to attract the capital it needs to provide an exceptional customer experience and support the state's economic and environmental goals. In other words, this partnership will reduce our company's business and financial risk profile which benefits our customers. Let me provide a few final updates on the business review to conclude my prepared remarks. Turning to Slide 13. We're working methodically towards regulatory approvals and timely closings for the sale of our gas utilities. No changes to our original expectations in any of these cases. We look forward to continuing to work with involved parties and expect regulatory proceedings to conclude and staggered transaction closings to occur during 2024. We intend to apply 100% of the estimated after-tax proceeds of nearly $9 billion to reduce parent-level debt which, based on current rates, will result in a reduction of around $500 million of pre-tax interest expense annually. Next, Virginia regulation. As part of the business review, we supported reasonable regulatory reform that positions Dominion Energy Virginia to serve customers, support the state's goals and compete for investor capital in support of our customer beneficial investments. Last November, Dominion Energy Virginia, State Corporation Commission staff, the Office of the Attorney General and other key parties reached a comprehensive settlement in the current biennial review. No parties to the case opposed the settlement. And last month, these same key parties reiterated their support to the original comprehensive agreement. We expect the final order in early March. On a related topic, last month, the General Assembly unanimously elected Sam Towell and Kelsey Bagot to serve as members of the State Corporation Commission, filling the two outstanding vacancies on the commission. They have extensive experience in both government and the private sector and we look forward to working cooperatively with these well-qualified new members. Turning now to Slide 14. There have been no changes to our original business review commitments and priorities. First, for the avoidance of doubt, we have been and continue to be 100% committed to our current dividend. Earnings growth, combined with a period of low to no dividend growth, will restore our payout ratio to a peer-appropriate range over time. Second, last year, the Board, in direct response to investor feedback, modified my compensation structure for 2023 to align my economic incentives more closely with the financial interests of our shareholders. As a result, 100% of my 2023 long-term incentive compensation was performance-based. Last month, the Board approved my 2024 long-term compensation plan but like last year, it is 100% performance-based. 65% is premised solely on 3-year relative total shareholder return, with a 65th percentile relative performance required to achieve a 100% payout. This represents a high bar relative to industry practice but I believe it appropriately aligns my financial interest with those of our shareholders. Additional details around the increasing alignment of my compensation with our owners' interest will be available in our proxy statement which will be published in March. Certainly, this has been a difficult time for our investors and I want them to understand how seriously I take that. Third, we continue to focus on costs and identify incremental savings, particularly in the area of corporate overhead. We are, have been and will continue to be one of the most efficient and most reliable electric utility companies in the country. Finally, we've been focused on evaluating investor feedback around perceived earnings quality and plan risks. In his prepared remarks, Steven will provide an update on our treatment of unregulated investment tax credits and assumptions around our retirement benefit plans. Turning to Slide 15. Today's announcement of an offshore wind partner marks the final strategic step of the business review. We're in the process of finalizing our financial plan which will allow us to conclude the review. We've scheduled an investor meeting on March 1, at which time we will provide a comprehensive strategic and financial update for the company and participate in a question-and-answer session. We encourage our investors and other stakeholders to participate virtually as their schedule allows. Following the event, we plan to initiate a comprehensive investor engagement effort to meet with our existing and prospective investors. As we prepare to conclude the review, I am more optimistic than I have ever been about the future of our company. We recognize that we must consistently execute against the financial targets we provided at the conclusion of the review. As is always the case, I am accountable for and my entire leadership team has embraced our commitment to consistently deliver high-quality earnings growth that meets that plan. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steven.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob and good morning. Our fourth quarter 2023 operating earnings were $0.29 per share. Full year 2023 operating earnings were $1.99 per share. Full year GAAP net income was $2.29 per share. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. As shown on Slide 16, we've provided a reconciliation of actual operating earnings relative to the guidance we provided on the last earnings call. There were 3 key drivers for the variance to guidance. First, during the fourth quarter, we experienced $0.02 of worse-than-normal weather in our utility service territories. Second, we incurred $0.03 of hurt related to certain outages at Millstone. Third, as part of the business review and after we had given earnings guidance in November, we elected to change our accounting methodology for the way we recognize investment tax credits and earnings. This resulted in a $0.02 quarterly and $0.07 annual negative variance to guidance. I'll expand more on this accounting methodology change in a moment. A summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year period is included in Schedule 4 of the earnings release kit. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, we view 2023 as a transition year for the company due to the pending results of actions we've taken as part of the business review to support our long-term objectives. With that in mind, let me refresh our housekeeping around 2023 results. In 2023, our operating earnings per share were $1.99. Similar to last quarter, we believe it warrants highlighting many of the same adjustments that investors may consider to more accurately assess 2023 results. First, we experienced historically mild weather during 2023, representing $0.18 of full year earnings headwinds, including $0.02 in the fourth quarter. Recall that the second quarter was the mildest quarter relative to 15-year normal in the last 50 years. We don't expect weather to deviate from historical normal in this manner going forward. Second, we continue to expect approximately $0.50 of annualized interest savings from parent-level debt repayment, driven by the sales of Cove Point and the gas utilities. Remember, the way discontinued operations is reflected in our 2023 results, 100% of the earnings from these assets are removed but the benefit from use of sale proceeds is not captured. Third, 2023 results include approximately $0.11 of unexpected and unlikely-to-repeat hurt from extended planned or unplanned outages at Millstone, including $0.03 in the fourth quarter. We've continued to follow through on the steps discussed in previous earnings calls to ensure the plant performs consistent with its strong operating history. Note also that 2023 was a standard double-fueling outage year which is an additional around $0.10 hurt in 2023 that we won't see in the next 2 years as double planned outages occur once every 3 years. Fourth, we expect approximately $0.15 of improvement as a result of the anticipated inclusion of market-based revenues from certain customers in the annual fuel factor as well as lower interest expense due to the securitization of $1.3 billion of deferred fuel balances that we financed with short-term debt during 2023. We closed on the fuel securitization transaction last week. The transaction was met with very strong demand which allowed us to deliver a great result for our customers. Finally and in the opposite direction, we expect approximately $0.18 of additional hurt related to the $350 million annual Virginia rider revenue reduction at DEV, given that rate reduction did not impact first half 2023 results. Taken together, these adjustments would result in an illustrative 2023 operating earnings per share of around $2.85. As we said last quarter, some of the transition we experienced in 2023 will continue into 2024 which is why we continue to view 2025 as the foundational year for the company's post-review financial performance. As part of the investor meeting, we will provide a comprehensive strategic and financial outlook that will run through 2029 and include operating earnings per share, EPS growth, credit, dividend, CapEx and financing guidance as well as other relevant financial information. We believe that this presentation will provide reference information and insights that will help investors to better understand Dominion Energy's updated profile as well as the key value drivers of each of our business segments. By way of reminder, the comments I made in the last call about drivers of 2025 earnings are unchanged and replicated on Slide 17. I'll turn now to the reference Bob made in his prepared remarks regarding our evaluation of investor feedback around perceived earnings quality and planned risks. By way of background, over the last several months, we've engaged directly and extensively with our shareholders and received valuable feedback, much of which has affirmed our business review commitments and priorities. One consistent theme we have heard is dissatisfaction with past earnings quality and plan assumption risk levels and we've taken that feedback seriously. We've made specific commitments around not pursuing unregulated solar investments for the purposes of generating upfront operating earnings from tax credits or reflecting gains from certain asset sales and operating earnings. Those commitments are unchanged. Today, we're taking two additional steps. First, in December, we formally elected to change our accounting methodology for the way we recognize investment tax credits and earnings. Let me walk through the background and rationale for this accounting methodology change. Historically, Dominion Energy used what's called the flow-through accounting method, under which 100% of the income associated with non-regulated investment tax credit was recognized immediately upon the project entering service. Our past use of the flow-through method led to some very substantial operating earnings volatility associated with credits generated by unregulated solar investments. As a result of the Inflation Reduction Act, our previously committed investments in dairy and swine renewable natural gas projects are now eligible for investment tax credits. Absent a change in accounting method, these RNG credits would create operating earnings volatility identical to past unregulated solar credits. Therefore, we've made a change from the flow-through method to the deferral method. Under the deferral method, investment tax credit income is recognized over the expected life of the asset which, in the case of renewable natural gas projects, is 30 years. Switching to the deferral method reduces ITC-related earnings volatility. In addition, the deferral method is considered the preferred method under GAAP and is the predominant practice amongst peer utility companies. This change in accounting method also aligns the treatment of our non-regulated ITCs with the treatment of our regulated ITCs, thereby creating additional consistency. So what does this change to a more preferable accounting method means for past, present and future results? Dominion Energy will recast, as reflected in the earnings materials released today, its financial results to apply the deferral method to ITC income that was historically recognized under the flow-through method. A summary of the affected line items will be presented in our upcoming Form 10-K which we expect to file tomorrow. I've explained the impact on 2023 results. Our November guidance was based on the flow-through methodology. The adoption of the deferral method, combined with changes in RNG project completion dates, impacted actual results versus guidance. A number of projects that were originally expected to be completed in 2023 are now expected to achieve substantial completion in 2024. ITC income from those projects will now be recognized gradually over their estimated 30-year useful lives. As we look forward through 2029, we expect ITC income, including renewable natural gas generated credits, to account on average for approximately $0.03 to $0.04 of annual operating earnings per share. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no change to the underlying economics of RNG &D investments because there is no change in the underlying cash flows. While this change in accounting methodology impacts when an investment tax credit is recognized in book income, the cash value of the tax credits are the same under either methodology. Now let me share a few comments on our retirement benefit plans, as shown on Slide 19. We are evaluating a rebalancing of plan assets from return-seeking toward lower-risk classes. This is expected to reduce future funding risk and overall plan asset variability. This evaluation will take place during 2024, with the final reallocation of assets occurring in early 2025. Let me address what I expect maybe some questions related to this decision. First, the background. Dominion Energy was later than many other companies to move away from offering traditional defined benefit pension plans to new employees and as a result, still has several thousand employees that are accruing final average pay retirement benefits under traditional pension plans. This results in a relatively long liability duration which we estimate to be in the 75th percentile relative to a large sample of corporate plan sponsors. Dominion Energy's current expected return on assets or EROA assumption is based on an asset allocation which reflects the long-dated nature of our liabilities. Next, why now? Given the robust funding levels across our retirement benefit plans, specifically 117% in aggregate at year-end, we believe that now is the time to evaluate ways to derisk plan assets by rebalancing toward lower-risk asset classes that reduce volatility and increase the portfolio's implied hedge ratio. Finally, what's the impact to our financial plan? The determination of EROA is subject to many factors, including equity returns and interest rates and we cannot, at this time, predict precisely what our future assumptions will be. However, for illustrative purposes, we believe a rebalancing could result in a 100 basis point reduction in our EROA which would put our assumption roughly in line with peers. Such a reduction in EROA would reduce operating earnings each year by $0.08 to $0.10 per share. Further, under a 100 basis point EROA reduction scenario, we expect retirement plan-related operating earnings per share to account, on average, between 2025 and 2029 for around $0.20 per share. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 20. Our annual safety performance was the second best in our company's history. We continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. Our offshore wind project is on time and on budget. We've taken significant steps to achieve the objectives of the business review, including adding a non-controlling equity financing partner for CVOW. We are moving with urgency and care to complete the review. We recognize the importance of delivering a compelling result and executing flawlessly thereafter. And we look forward to concluding the review and discussing our strategic and financial update at our March 1 Investor Meeting. With that, we are ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Can you hear me, Bob?
Bob Blue: Yes.
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent. Just, obviously, congrats on the sale and getting the review to this point. Just on the process itself, can you just maybe speak a little bit more in depth of the bidding interest and why you settled on this sharing structure in the agreement? And just to confirm, this is a true sort of 50-50 pro rata sharing through the $11.3 billion, right? So the 1% difference in Slide 10, this is just tied to the potential movement of the withholding amount. Is that correct?
Bob Blue: You have that exactly right, Shar. So it is 50-50 through $11.3 billion and then there's the adjustment that we described. So on the process, we attracted quite a bit of interest from financial and strategic counterparties. We talked a little bit about that on the last call that we were in late stages with several attractive parties. And they diligenced this project extensively. They came in with their own experts in offshore wind, obviously, teams related to regulation, finance and so forth. And what was really encouraging to me was to hear unanimously from parties who participated how well this project is going. So it was -- there was nobody who got in diligence who was concerned about the project at all and that was really helpful. So then as we thought about how we were going to choose a partner, if you refer back to some of the things that we've said before, on the last call, we noted the importance of having pro rata sharing of costs. And we've achieved that here and we feel very good about that. We said that we needed a transaction that made sense for our customers and our shareholders and that was in keeping with the objectives that we set out in terms of the business review. And we believe this transaction with Stonepeak meets that extremely well. The cost sharing, with protection from any hypothetical or unforeseen project cost increases but having a well-capitalized partner to help us there was critical. And improving our credit profile means that this is going to be extraordinarily beneficial for our customers and our capital providers, so this is a very good deal. We're very pleased with it. We're pleased with the way the process worked.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then sorry, Bob, do you have an option to farm down a stake again in any sort of succeeding offshore wind projects, let's say, CVOW 2?
Bob Blue: This legislation that permitted this partnership structure, I think, was designed for this project. And so we're focused very heavily on on-time, on-budget on offshore wind right now and we've got a very good partner to work with to do that.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, not to get too far ahead of next week, I mean, you've obviously sought to minimize external equity through this whole process. I guess, how does this announcement today inform your views around this, especially as we're thinking about an ATM versus a block? And are there sort of any other efficient sources remaining we should be aware of; thinking particularly around the vessel here with RNG may be off the table?
Steven Ridge: Thanks, Shar. Steve. I'll take it. So what we've said is that the offshore wind is the final strategic step in our process. And that next week, we look forward to sharing our comprehensive strategic and financial plan. We're not going to comment today on any specifics with regard to financing plan. I'd reiterate what we've shared since the beginning of the review that we're seeking to meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds, while seeking also to minimize the amount of external equity need. We think that the transactions we've announced to date have been very supportive of our objective. But we'll provide a fulsome plan next week and I think we're going to hold off on giving pieces and parts until we get there.
Shahriar Pourreza: Fantastic, guys. Congrats and we'll chat next week.
Steven Ridge: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nick Campanella: So yes, congrats. So I guess, just -- you had this view in the slide out on 2025 considerations on the third quarter call and the drivers are largely the same. But you've also kind of introduced this pension and ITC disclosure. So I guess, just as you kind of think through the $0.08 to $0.10 of detriment and then from pension and then the $0.03 to $0.04 of ITC, is that kind of incremental to that 2025 view?
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, this is Steve. So just to be clear, we have never given 2025 guidance and we've been very careful not to do that. On the last call, we talked about sharing that list to emphasize the fact that, in order to create a view on 2025 as an external party, you need to be thoughtful about a variety of factors, many of which we haven't given any information on. And we went through that list just to highlight what some of those could be. We don't have insight into what folks have assumed around ITC or EROA in any of their internal models or estimates. So it's very difficult for us to be in a position to sort of describe how they ought to consider our updated information on those topics today in their view. And we're going to hold off from sort of providing anything like that. What I can say is, we look forward again to sharing what we think will be a very compelling result next week. And we've tried to be thorough in helping folks understand, again, what some of those drivers that they ought to be considering should be.
Nick Campanella: Okay. I appreciate that. And I guess, just -- it's great to hear the agency feedback does seem like it was positive and you're highlighting 100 basis points increase to FFO to debt from this transaction. I guess, just from a numeric perspective versus where the agencies want you to be out of this review, where does that kind of put you holistically?
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, again, we're not going to disclose kind of where our pro forma credit metrics are going to be. We'll provide that next week. Certainly, from a qualitative and quantitative perspective, the agencies have been publicly forthcoming with regard to their support of the steps we've been taking in the review. And so we'll -- again, we'll -- not trying to be coy but trying to be consistent with how we've approached the review for the last 15 months, we're not going to give you our sort of pro forma credit view. We'll provide that next week.
Nick Campanella: Understood. Understood. Looking forward to next week. And congrats again. Thank you.
Steven Ridge: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of follow up on that last line of questioning a bit. And I appreciate there's some things that won't be said today be said next week. But some of the agency communications that we had seen said that current FFO to debt with this type of arrangement would look very strong. But then over the construction cycle, that would soften and put pressure there. And was just wondering if you have any -- anything you can share there as far as thoughts on how that stacks up, if the agencies have previewed this transaction? Or just any other thoughts in general, I guess, over the time period, the pressures, that cash drag this project had.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. So what I would say on that topic is, generally, I think we agree with effectively how the agencies were describing it which was some prefunding of some very heavy capital plans that we have in our plan which we've talked about in previous calls. We haven't given specific numbers. Tomorrow, when the K comes out, you'll see our capital investment this year is $10 billion which is relative to an average of $6 billion for our company. And so there was some -- effectively, some prefunding from asset sales and I think that's what they were signaling. Just generally on our relationship with the agencies, we just -- we don't speak for them. And I will say that we have been very deliberate throughout the process and making sure that they understood, in some detail, some confidential detail, how we were thinking about the review and gathering their perspectives as it related to how they think about our company. And that has extended some -- I can share, it's extended to some formal engagements with rating agencies that have allowed us to make sure that we have a good sense of where they are relative to how we're thinking about our plan and our business risk profile. And with regard to this transaction, specifically, as I mentioned and as we typically will do, we walked them through in some fairly detailed manner the terms of the offshore wind partnership transaction before we signed and made sure that we were comfortable indicating in our script today that we think that they'll view it as unambiguously credit positive.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And I just wanted to pivot a little bit. Maybe I might have missed it here but language around the dividend, dividend outlook here, is there any new messaging that we should take away? Or should we just be waiting for next week?
Bob Blue: There is no new messaging. It's the same as it has been since we started which is we are 100% committed to the current dividend.
Steven Ridge: And Jeremy, I'll go out on a limb and suggest that you won't hear something different next week, either on the dividend, sort of beat that like a drum this whole time period. So I don't want people to think that we're saying that today and we'll change our tune next week. We're obviously aware of trends in the space around payout ratios. We're aware of that but no change. And you shouldn't expect a change next week from what we've said publicly around our dividend and where we see the dividend going over time.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll leave it there.
Steven Ridge: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
David McFarland: Operator, it sounds like there's a technical issue. I know there were some other folks in the queue before that. We apologize, of course.
Operator: We are getting people requeued now.
David McFarland: Okay, all right. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. We'll take the question from Jeremy Tonet next.
Jeremy Tonet: I figured I would take another shot here, if there was room. And just realizing all the news today is very fresh but maybe if you could provide any more color with regards to stakeholder feedback at this point or from the regulators, I guess, just how you're expecting this transaction to move forward?
Bob Blue: Yes. Jeremy, we just talked to the regulatory staff this morning after the announcement went out. But let me just talk sort of generally about how we expect this to be received; so just to start with the process. We need to get approval from the State Corporation Commission in Virginia, the North Carolina Utilities Commission. We need some administrative approvals from BOEM but the primary approvals are at the state level. And as I mentioned earlier and as I believe you know, legislation that was passed unanimously in Virginia last year enabled this partnership structure that we've put together. So it has to be approved by the SEC under the Utility Affiliates and Transfers Act. And the standard there is adequate service at reasonable rates have to be maintained and that the arrangements are otherwise in the public interest. And then we need Affiliates Act approval in North Carolina as well. In Virginia, that Affiliates Act approval has a statutory time line of 90 days. The other regulatory approvals don't have particular time lines on them but we think it's reasonable to assume we'd get approval by the end of the year; so that's the process. But if you sort of step back for a moment, both Virginia and North Carolina policymakers both understand the value of a strong balance sheet. If you look at Virginia's general obligation bonds, they've been rated AAA by Moody's since 1938, by S&P since 1962 and by Fitch since 1991. And I can tell you that when you talk to policymakers in Virginia about the AAA bond rating, they usually use the adjective coveted. And that's because they realized that a strong balance sheet for the state allows them to provide the best service to their constituents. And the same is true for our company. If we have a healthy balance sheet, we're going to provide the best customer experience. We're going to be able to invest to meet the state's goals. That is a very compelling reason for regulators to approve this transaction and I'm highly confident that they'll see the benefits and approve it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And maybe if you might be able to talk a little bit more, I guess, on the emerging PJM transmission opportunity, with PJM recently increasing the 10-year low-growth CAGR and Domain's ability to capitalize [indiscernible].
Bob Blue: Diane will talk a little bit about that. And Jeremy, we're quite impressed with your ability to navigate the technical issues here.
Diane Leopold: Yes. Jeremy, so yes, you're absolutely right. The latest PJM forecast was somewhat higher than last year. So we're at about 5.5% a year in Dom's zone. Some of that is with our neighboring co-ops that are within our zone. We continue to see a lot of transmission investment opportunities. In the last PJM open window, there were about $2.5 billion of additional projects that were awarded to us. Much of that supports growth in the data centers and we fully expect there will be additional projects in future years to keep pace with that demand growth.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: And our next question, please state your name and company name before asking your questions.
Steve Fleishman: This is Steve Fleishman -- is that me?
Bob Blue: Steve, we can hear you. Thank you for hanging in there.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. That was interesting. The -- I guess, just -- I assume, can you -- you can't really comment on where the FFO to debt is laying out overall but should we assume, based on kind of the downgrade threshold that we've seen in the past are likely to stay the same by the agencies from this review?
Bob Blue: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, that's helpful. And also, just a side question on -- it was a quiet legislative session this year, as far as I can tell. I just want to make sure there was nothing going on in the legislative session that we should be aware of.
Bob Blue: Steve, your characterization is accurate. Major issues that General Assembly was dealing with didn't have much to do with energy. They obviously elected the SEC judges. And there were legislative proposals related to energy but they're none that are still active in the General Assembly at this point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: So a couple of questions; commercial load growth was up almost 9% in 2023. And I think you guys talked a little bit about data centers. But if I remember correctly, there were a lot of constraints in sort of putting data centers into Northern Virginia because of transmission. How do you think about that growth going forward into 2024, is there a constraint that limits that in 2024? Or should I be thinking about something of the same scale over the coming year?
Bob Blue: So when you say Northern Virginia, it was one area of Loudoun County, Virginia which is where there are a heavy concentration of data centers and we did have some transmission constraints. We've undertaken several shorter-term projects that were -- we've either completed or about to complete. And then we have, ultimately, two transmission line -- 500 kV transmission line projects, one of which is underway. The other is in the regulatory process. Those, frankly, that first one of those two 500 lines will relieve the constraint in Loudoun. And we've been able to start up connects on data centers. We had a brief period where we took a pause to make sure we understood exactly what we were doing but we've restarted. But I think the broader question is we will absolutely be able to serve the data center growth that we expect is coming. It will require investment in transmission. Diane just talked about that, out of the most recent PJM open window. We've had a lot of data center growth in our company, in our service territory for some years. We have very good relationships with the data centers. And we expect to see that growth continue and we expect to be able to serve it.
Ross Fowler: That's great, Bob. Thank you for that update. and then one more, if I may. I appreciate you can't answer a lot of questions around a lot of things today until we get to the Analyst Day next week. But hopefully, when you can discuss, fixed costs are now, I think, at 92 -- just north of 92% on this and there's about 700 -- just south of $750 million on fixed costs. How are you thinking about your capabilities and time line to lock more of that on fixed costs in -- on this project?
Bob Blue: Yes. It will come in sort of gradually as we move closer to the end of the project. The way it worked earlier, we would lock in a contract and you might get a pretty big chunk at one time or another. From here on out, it's some onshore transmission, it's fuel for vessels that will be doing the offshore construction. And that's just going to sort of come down overtime.
Diane Leopold: And the only other is miscellaneous project management cost, just our own project management through time. So those are the largest factors.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Two quick questions. Sorry, I just want to be absolutely clear. The -- with the announced offshore sale, this is the last asset sale that we should be expecting? Or are there portfolio optimizations we should be expecting heading into the Investor Day next week?
Bob Blue: You're correct. That's the last one. As we signaled on the last call, the potential for an offshore wind equity partner was the last strategic step. We've taken that step.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then just one small net, maybe this is for Steve. When we talk about the ITC accounting change and then the pension accounting change, Steve, can you just remind us what is embedded in your '23 representative number there, EPS number there? What is kind of baked into that number?
Steven Ridge: Yes. In 2023 -- you'll see in Footnote 22 of the 10-K tomorrow, you can actually calculate it. We disclose all this. You'll see that in 2023, we'll have generated about $0.40 of earnings associated with pension-related income. And so going forward, we've talked a little bit about EROA. There's another driver that I'll talk just briefly about that would bring us from $0.40 closer to that average of $0.20. We -- like the majority of corporate sponsors of pension plans, we calculate one of those key numbers, our expected return which like interest cost and service cost, as a component of the net income or expense for pension. We effectively smooth the actual asset returns over a 4-year period and apply our expected return on asset to that sort of smooth asset value. And that's not only permissible, that's standard. Some people smooth, I think, over 5 years. We smooth over 4 years. Again, that's pretty standard. And because of 2022's performance, at least in our portfolio, where we experienced a very significant loss to value across, to be honest, both the equity and fixed income portions of our portfolio which, again, I don't think is unusual for folks. What you'll see between '23,'24,'25 and '26 is you see that smoothing occur such that the impact of that loss is fully recognized by 2026. Now it's not just as simple as saying '22 was down and I'm going to take a portion of that each year. Every year, we do that. So you effectively have the stacked Excel spreadsheet, where each year, you're adding a little more of that -- the prior year and some years are dropping off that schedule. So it kind of it's a net look of your asset value with this smoothing construct. Hopefully, I haven't just confused you. But as a result of 2022's hurt flowing through, that will be a driver. If you're asking -- if you're at $0.40 today and you're telling it needs to be closer to $0.20 and you've given us a sensitivity around 100 basis points, how would you get to the next? That's a big driver of that remaining amount. For ITC, in 2023 as a result of the switch to deferral method, I think we'll end up with something like $0.03 in our 2023 results. And again, what that's from is the recast of historical results. We go back and we say, hey, if we had not accounted for this as a flow-through, if we accounted for it as deferral, some of that value is over that 30-year period. So as I mentioned, $0.03 to $0.04 of expected operating EPS from ITC credit going forward and that's about where we would be in 2023 as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. And Steve, just to be clear, I apologize, this is under the weeds. But -- so if I'm thinking about prospective EPS, net-net, we should be -- versus '23, $2.85 [ph] in '23, we should be $0.20 lower net-net, right, ITC being just kind of the same and the pension being $0.20 lower.
Steven Ridge: Yes, it's not probably quite so precise. We're using -- we're giving you $0.20 as the average over '25 to '29 and there is some fluctuation in that. But generically, versus 2023, $0.40 would be moving something to closer $0.20 over the '25 to '29 period.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our investor relations website to review webcast slides, as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks by highlighting our safety performance. As shown on Slide 3, our OSHA injury recordable rate for the first nine months of the year was 0.43, a significant improvement relative to already strong historical performance. I commend my colleagues for their consistent focus on employee safety, which is our first core value. Moving now to the business review; it's been a year since we announced the review. These last 12 months have been a challenging environment for utility investors generally and even more so for Dominion Energy shareholders. As stewards of investor capital, we take that very seriously. That said, my conviction around the decision to launch and execute the review has not wavered. It is the right course of action for Dominion Energy, and we are seeing it through to its successful completion with urgency and with care. Let me take a step back and share some of the most common themes I heard from our investors in the months leading up to the announcement of the review. Dissatisfaction with our track record of inconsistent earnings growth and an earnings mix, which too often had what some investors considered to be lower quality earnings, questions about the complexity and durability of the Virginia regulatory model and concerns around the balance sheet, which included never fully addressing the impact of the failure of our master limited partnership financing model, as well as leaning on our balance sheet to remedy short term earnings pressures at the potential cost of longer term credit quality, both of which contributed to our living below our downgrade thresholds even in a low interest rate environment, all of which led to inquiries around whether a new approach was needed to deliver results that were consistent with shareholder expectations. Since announcing the review, I've had the opportunity to engage directly with many of our shareholders. While opinions around the exact path and desired outcome of the review have varied, the common direction I receive and with which I strongly agree is that the review must comprehensively and finally address the foundational concerns that have eroded investor confidence over the last several years. This can't be a series of partial solutions that leave key elements and risks unaddressed. That's how we've approached this top to bottom review and we've strive to leave no stone unturned in our effort to deliver a result that will provide a durable, transparent, credible and achievable strategic and financial profile that puts Dominion Energy on a path to compelling long term value for shareholders, customers and employees. We've taken several meaningful steps over the last 12 months in furtherance of our objectives and are rapidly nearing a conclusion to this comprehensive review. With that context, let me recap our progress before turning to what's left to conclude the review. Again, we're moving with urgency but also with great care and our guiding priorities and commitments are unchanged. As shown on Slide four, we supported bipartisan legislation in Virginia that puts our largest utility on solid and durable footing, which will enable our delivery of the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day for decades to come, while also playing a vital role in supporting Virginia job creation, tax revenue and economic growth. This legislation supports our compelling value proposition to customers. If you're a residential customer in Virginia, you pay approximately 16% less per kilowatt hour for your electricity than the average US utility customer and your power is on 99.99% of the time outside of a major storm event. Furthermore, we're taking an all of the above approach to ensure a highly reliable grid while we work to decarbonize and meet unprecedented demand growth. We're making billions of dollars of investment and low to zero carbon generation resources, as well as transmission and distribution infrastructure that will work together to maintain critical grid reliability and for investors, we compete for your capital in support of our customers by enhancing timeliness of recovery for prudently incurred investment by the preservation of riders and the establishment of regular base rate case reviews. Meanwhile, we will be positioned to deliver constructive regulatory outcomes that appropriately balance customer needs with investor demands for strong capital structure and a competitive return on equity against an industry-leading demand growth backdrop. Two, we've been and continue to be 100% committed to our current dividend. Earnings growth combined with a period of low to no dividend growth will restore our payout ratio to a peer appropriate range over time. Three, we indicated that we are eliminating future operating earnings from sources that investors have told us they consider to be of low quality. That includes the upfront recognition of unregulated solar investment tax credits and certain gains from asset sales. Four, on a strategic front, we announced and closed on the sale of our remaining interest in Cove Point. We applied the $3.3 billion of after tax proceeds to reducing debt. This was a significantly credit accretive transaction done with a high quality counterparty after a robust competitive process. Five, we announced the sale of our gas utilities to Enbridge, one of North America's largest energy infrastructure companies. We ran broad and competitive processes for each of the individual utilities and we are delighted to have found a partner that not only shares our ideals around safety, reliability, customer service, employee treatment and community investment, but that was also the most competitive option on value across each of the three utilities. We intend to apply 100% of the estimated after-tax proceeds of nearly $9 billion to reducing parent-level debt, which, based on current rates, will result in the reduction of around $500 million of pre-tax interest expense annually. Like COVE, these are significantly credit-accretive transactions. By way of update, all state regulatory, HSR and the initial CFIUS filings have now been submitted, and the HSR waiting period expired on November 01. We're pleased, though not surprised, with the positive reception the Enbridge team has gotten from employees, regulators and policymakers. Further, Enbridge has already taken steps to materially pre-fund the acquisition. We expect a staggered close for each of the LDCs, with all three transactions closing in 2024. Moving to Slide 5, on O&M, we've continued to focus on and identify incremental cost savings, particularly in the area of corporate overhead. We are, have been and will continue to be one of the most efficient and most reliable electric utility companies in the country. Finally, on governance, the Board, in direct response to investor feedback, modified my compensation structure for 2023 to align my economic incentives more closely with the financial interests of our shareholders. As a result, 100% of my 2023 long-term incentive compensation is now performance-based, 70% is premised solely on three-year relative total shareholder return, with a 65 percentile relative performance required to achieve a 100%, which is well above the medium threshold of industry peers. Staying with the topic of governance and consistent with corporate best practice, we've maintained a regular cadence of Board refreshment. Earlier today, we announced that Mike Szymanskik and Ron Gibson will not stand for re-election next year. I want to thank Mike, whose departure is a result of our age-based mandatory retirement policy, and Ron for their faithful and dedicated service to our company over the last several years and I welcome Paul Dabbar and Vanessa Sutherland to the Board, effective December 01. Their biographical information was included in today's press release, but suffice to say they are both uniquely qualified to continue the strong legacy of governance that Mike and Ron are leaving behind. As part of our ongoing Board refreshment process, we've now added six new directors since 2019, bringing the average tenure of our 11 directors to six years. The Board will continue to work to ensure our shareholders' interests are properly represented via robust governance. Each of these steps serve a valuable purpose in achieving the guiding principles of the review. They enhance the durability of our Virginia regulatory model. They address concerns around earnings quality. They strengthen the balance sheet. They emphasize our commitment to good governance, including a disciplined approach to O&M expense. However, our work isn't complete. Our offshore wind project is a significant focus of our investors. The project, which is fully regulated, is on time and on budget. Let me just repeat that. Our project is progressing in alignment with our unchanged cost estimate and our unchanged in-service target date. Earlier this year, in recognition of the potential value for customers and shareholders, we supported legislation that allows us to petition the Virginia State Corporation Commission to take a controlling equity financing partner in the project, a non-controlling equity financing partner in the project. As part of the business review, we're in advanced stages of a process to transact with a partner with a focus on pro-rata sharing of project costs. The process has driven considerable interest from attractive and high-quality potential counterparties. Their interest is driven by the attractive characteristics of our project, including our priority position in the offshore wind supply chain, our successful track record of on-time permitting with the strong support of Federal agencies, the bipartisan and public support of Virginia political, business, and community leadership, a differentiated legislative and regulatory construct that is delivering on behalf of our customers and significant de-risking, which I'll highlight further later in my prepared remarks, driven by both the advanced stage of development as well as a high percentage of fixed costs. Combined with the prospect of deploying a significant amount of capital into a high-quality, long-term regulated investment, it's no surprise to me that the process has generated strong interest. We will conclude the business review when we've made a final decision on an offshore wind project partner. That's the final strategic step outstanding in the business review, and it's in the long-term best interest of our customers and shareholders that we make the right, not just the expedient decision. A properly structured partnership with the optimal counterparty is an attractive option, but only if the terms of a potential transaction make sense for our customers and shareholders. We expect a decision by year-end or in early 2024. As we near the review's conclusion, I'm more optimistic than I have ever been about the future of our company. We've always owned great assets and operated at best-in-class levels with an industry-leading workforce of dedicated employees who are devoted to our fundamental mission to provide reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. I'm confident that upon concluding the review, we will have a solid long-term financial foundation that matches the remarkable quality of our assets and people. Let me also be clear. We recognize that we must consistently execute against the financial targets we provide at the conclusion of the review. It is always the case. I am accountable for, and my entire leadership team has embraced, our commitment to consistently deliver high-quality earnings growth that meets that plan. We'll continue to announce updates as events warrant. Upon completion of the review, we expect to host an investor meeting to discuss the company's repositioned strategic and financial outlook. Stephen will share some additional thoughts on investor communication in his prepared remarks. Let me now touch on a handful of key business updates, starting with the offshore wind project. As I mentioned, the project is proceeding on time and on budget, consistent with the timelines and estimates previously provided. We continue to achieve significant milestones. On materials and equipment, as shown on Slide 7, last week we celebrated the arrival of the first eight monopiles from our supplier, EEW, at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal, with the Virginia Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, General Assembly leaders from both parties, representatives from Virginia's congressional delegation, leaders from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, and other local, military, civic, educational, environmental, labor and community partners. We're fortunate to have the remarkable support of these national, state, and local leaders. The offloading of these monopiles on to the newly upgraded port facilities went exceptionally smoothly. The next transport ship for monopiles is expected to be loaded at the factory later this month and delivered to the port in December. Also worth noting that turbine blades and the cells remain on track with a fixed production schedule and mature existing manufacturing facilities. Turning to Slide 8, we continue to expect the project to be completed by the end of 2026. On permitting, the final environmental impact statement was issued on September 29, and the record of decision was signed on October 30, which allows us to begin onshore construction. In fact, we began construction mobilization this week. On regulatory, as a reminder, our 2022 rider filing for the project was approved in July, representing $271 million of annual revenue. Earlier this week, we made our 2023 rider filing, representing $486 million of annual revenue. We expect a final order by August of 2024. On project management, there are over 100 personnel dedicated to this project and growing. Many of our offshore wind project leaders and personnel have also managed our most complex construction projects, including thousands of megawatts of large gas fire generation, the Cove Point liquefaction facility, and the offshore wind test turbines. While each of those projects presented unique complexities and risks, they all required sophisticated management of contracts, vendor relationships, scheduling, engineering, procurement, construction, and oversight, skills, expertise, and lessons learned, which are now being applied to full effect to the offshore wind project. In addition, we also have numerous offshore wind industry experts from around the globe supporting the team. On principal suppliers and vendors, as you might expect, Diane, Mark Mitchell, who is our senior vice president of project construction, and I, interact frequently, including regular in-person meetings with the CEOs and leadership teams of each of our primary vendors. We perform regular site visits during which we inspect the manufacturing facilities and interact with boots on the ground project managers and members of the workforce. We maintain near constant dialogue with our key project partners at a variety of levels. Based on this ongoing monitoring and diligence, we fully expect that our vendors, without exception, will continue their support of the project's timely completion. On the performance of our test turbines, our two adjacent test turbines, our two adjacent test turbines have delivered an average net capacity factor over the last three years of approximately 46%, with a 97% availability factor. The high reliability and strong operating performance of our test turbines provide further confidence in the capacity factor of the larger commercial project. Turning to cost on Slide 9, I draw your attention to the key metrics we have included in the slide, much of which is by way of reminder. First, we updated the project's expected LCOE in our filing earlier this week to approximately $77 per megawatt hour, as compared to our previous range of $80 to $90. The decrease reflects updated and refined estimates around production tax credit, cost of capital, and REC values. We have provided sensitivities to show how the average lifetime cost to our customers is impacted by capital costs, capacity factor and interest rates. We remain well below the legislative prudency cap on this metric. Next, the project total cost remains $9.8 billion. Project to date, we have invested approximately $2.3 billion, which we expect to grow to around $3 billion by year end. I am pleased to update that our current project costs, excluding contingency, have improved to 92% fixed. The remaining costs to be fixed include finalizing the construction for the aboveground onshore electrical work, certain commodities consisting mainly of the fuel which will be used for transportation and installation, and other project oversight costs. Our current contingency estimate, which is included in the $9.8 billion budget, has increased modestly relative to our initial filing position, despite being at a much more advanced phase of project completion and having fixed a significant portion of costs. At $370 million, the current contingency has a percentage of total budgeted costs, and in the context of this stage of completion, benchmarks competitively when compared to other large infrastructure projects we have studied. With 92% of project costs now fixed, our current contingency is about half of our remaining unfixed costs. We have been very clear with our team and with our vendors that delivery of an onbudget project is the expectation. Moving to Slide 10, a couple of final points here on Charybdis, our Jones Act compliant installation vessel being constructed in Brownsville, Texas, by Seatrium, formerly known as Keppel. The vessel is currently 77% complete. We continue to expect it to be delivered late 2024 or early 2025, which is later than we originally planned but still supportive of our construction timeline. I personally visited the site earlier this week, met with management and reviewed progress. A few highlights. Seatrium has extensive relevant experience in constructing vessels similar to Charybdis. The project is considered strategically important to their management team, and they are committed to timely completion of the project. They have dedicated some of their most experienced management and supervision from Singapore to support the efforts in response to project delays. Labor, which was an initial constraint, has increased from 800 to over 1,000 and is continuing to be augmented. Recent construction milestones, including a major milestone of first leg installation in late August, are being met, and the vessel is on track for engine startup later this year. All major subcomponents are on site and awaiting installation. Supply chain is not a cause of concern. On costs, there has been no change to the underlying construction cost estimate for Dominion Energy. Last quarter's $75 million increase in total project costs to $650 million, including financing costs, is largely attributable to higher financing costs related to higher rates and a longer construction timeline, with the remainder being attributable to small increases to some ancillary costs such as crew training and capital spares. In summary, there is no change to the vessel's expected availability to support the current CVAL construction schedule, including its availability to support any third-party charter agreements in 2025. We've provided supplemental information related to our offshore wind project that can be found in materials included on our investor relations website. Transitioning now to the Virginia biennial review, which is currently in the testimony phase. As a reminder, DEV submitted its biennial filing on July 03, initiating a review of base rates, which represents about a third of DEV's total rate base. Virginia rider investments like offshore wind, solar, battery storage, nuclear life extension, and electric transmission, which are outside the scope of the proceeding, represent the vast majority of the growth at DEV. We look forward to engaging with parties to the case and would expect a final order by March 03 of next year. Turning to other notable DEV updates, we made our fourth clean energy rider submission in October. The filing included new solar projects and represented nearly $900 million of utility-owned solar and rider-eligible investment. We expect to receive an order from the SCC in the second quarter of 2024. On data centers, we continue to advance a series of infrastructure upgrade projects that will enable incremental increases in power for data center customers in Eastern Loudoun County. Four projects have been completed ahead of schedule. An additional project is currently under construction and on schedule to be completed by the end of 2023. We continue to develop a new 500 kV transmission line with an expected in-service date of late 2025. Given the unprecedented growth in areas served by our electric transmission, we continue to see an acceleration of and long-term increase in electric transmission investment opportunity throughout our service area. As part of PJM's transmission planning process, we submitted numerous new projects that we believe are needed to ensure the electric grid in Virginia is reliable, resilient, and able to adapt to increasing energy demand while also transitioning to cleaner energy resources. PJM recently advanced the majority of these projects for further evaluation. We've also included updates on our latest grid transformation filing as well as our fuel securitization proceeding. Turning to Dominion Energy South Carolina, in addition to delivering safe and reliable energy, DESC's electric rates for residential customers are 8% below the national average. This represents an improvement of 21% relative to the national average since the time of the merger announcement, when rates were 13% higher than the national average. We're meeting the expanding energy needs resulting from robust economic development and population growth in South Carolina. On the regulatory front, we reached a settlement in our natural gas general rate case, which the Public Service Commission unanimously approved on September 20. The settlement will result in a $9 million increase, with new rates effective in October. Since the merger, we've now achieved rate settlements in both electric and gas-based rate cases, which is a testament to the company's improved regulatory and stakeholder relationships in the state. With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephen.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob, and good morning. Our third quarter 2023 operating earnings as shown on Slide 13 were $0.77 per share, which included $0.02 of help from better-than-normal weather in our utility service territories. Results with and without this weather help were above our updated guidance range midpoint of $0.74. A summary of all drivers for earnings relative to the prior year periods is included in Schedule 4 of this morning's earnings release kit. Third quarter GAAP net income was $0.17 per share, and a summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. The sale of Cove Point, which closed in September, and the announcement of the sale of the gas utilities also in September, require changes to our financial reporting structure and recasting of our financial results in accordance with accounting rules. First, for GAAP purposes, Cove and the gas utilities have been reclassified as discontinued operations on the income statement and held for sale on the balance sheet and are reported in the corp and other segment. As a result, earnings from these assets have been removed from operating earnings. We have recast year-to-date results and their comparative periods to reflect these changes. As I'll explain in a moment, the full impact of expected interest savings from parent-level debt repayment as a result of these transactions is not included in 2023 results, even though the full-year earnings contributions from those businesses are now excluded from operating earnings. Due to the dissolution of the gas distribution reporting segment, our renewable natural gas business is now reported with our contracted energy segment, formerly known as contracted assets, which consists of millstone, existing long-term contracted solar, and the offshore wind installation vessel Charybdis. Again, this change is applied retroactively to prior periods, including year-to-date results. We've included a slide in the appendix with this information for your reference. Turning to Slide 14, we view 2023 as a transition year for the company due to the pending results of actions we've taken as part of the business review to support our long-term objectives. The retroactive reclassification of assets that are being sold as discontinued operations, the non-inclusion of expected interest savings from the redeployment of asset sale proceeds, the partial year impact of the 2023 Virginia legislation, and other non-reoccurring items combined to make 2023 difficult to model as reflected in the disparity we observe in sell-side estimates for the year. With that in mind, let me provide hopefully helpful housekeeping around 2023 results. Recast year-to-date operating earnings per share through September 30 total $1.75. The recasting simply removes the contributions from Cove Point and the gas utilities. For the fourth quarter, we expect operating earnings to be approximately $0.35 per share, which assumes normal weather. We've shown here the primary drivers of year-over-year changes to fourth quarter operating earnings, most of which we've identified on prior earnings calls. Taken together, year-to-date actuals plus fourth quarter guidance would result in 2023 operating earnings of $2.10 per share. However, it warrants highlighting a few adjustments that investors may consider to more accurately assess 2023 results. First, we experienced historically mild weather for the first two quarters of the year, representing $0.16 of year-to-date earnings headwinds. Recall that Q2 was the mildest quarter relative to 15-year normal in the last 50 years. We don't expect weather to deviate from historical normal in this manner going forward. Second, we expect approximately $0.50 of additional interest savings, based on the current rate outlook, from parent debt repayment driven by the sales of Cove Point and the gas utilities. Again, the way discontinued operations is reflected in our 2023 results, 100% of the earnings from these assets are removed, but the full benefit of use of sale proceeds is not captured. Third, 2023 results include approximately $0.08 of hurt related to what we consider a non-reoccurring extended unplanned outage at millstone units two and three this spring. We discussed this in the last earnings call and have continued to follow through on the steps we described then to ensure the plant performs consistent with its strong operating history. Also note that 2023 is a double planned outage year for millstone, which is an additional around $0.10 hurt in 2023 that we won't see in the next two years as double planned outages occur once every three years. Fourth, we expect approximately $0.15 of improvement as a result of the anticipated inclusion of market-based revenues from certain customers in the annual fuel factor, as well as lower interest expense due to the securitization of $1.3 billion of deferred fuel balances that we've been financing with short-term debt during 2023. By way of reminder, the hearing examiner in the fuel filing case recommended adoption of the company's position on both of these topics, given their beneficial impact on our customers. Finally, and in the opposite direction, we expect approximately $0.18 of additional hurt related to the $350 million rider revenue reduction, given that rate reduction did not impact first half results. Taken together, these adjustments would result in 2023 operating earnings per share of around $2.90. Turning now to Slide 15 and continuing on this theme, some of the transition we're experiencing in 2023 will continue into 2024, which is why we continue to view 2025 as the foundational year for the company's post-review financial performance, but because the top-to-bottom business review is not complete, we're not providing 2025 earnings guidance at this time. I'd like to share some thoughts on that topic. We know that this review has been in process for a year, which has created uncertainty. However, investors will not have to wait much longer to get the company's comprehensive post-review financial outlook, including our 2025 earnings expectations, long-term earnings growth rate, credit metric and dividend growth rate targets, CapEx forecast and financing plans, and other relevant financial schedules. As Bob mentioned, we expect to conclude the review in coming months with an investor event to follow shortly thereafter. As part of that event, we are committed to enhancing transparency and simplifying the financial presentation of our results so that investors can confidently model and sensitize our company's earnings and credit profile. I'd caution against applying a growth rate assumption based off an illustrative 2023 operating earnings to determine an estimate for 2025. That approach would ignore critical inputs, which Dominion Energy hasn't yet disclosed due to the ongoing business review, that will have a significant impact on our future earnings power, such as, one, a historic level of near-term regulated rate-based investment driven by a combination of unparalleled demand growth, policy directives around zero-carbon energy resources, and reliability investments in grid transformation, electric transmission and nuclear relicense renewals, among other programs. Starting with 2023, we expect our annual capital investment budget over the next few years to be significantly higher than any in our history, which will drive meaningful regulated earnings growth. Two, the full results of our evaluation of efficient sources of capital to solidly position our balance sheet for the long term while seeking to minimize any amount of external equity financing need. Three, O&M initiatives that are the result of our continued focus on being one of the most reliable and efficient utility operators in the country. Four, the impact of potentially higher for longer interest rates in the context of our portfolio of interest rate derivatives that on a mark to market basis as of earlier this week were approaching $1 billion in value. Five, optimization of the company's growing tax attributes including the use of tax transferability driven by increased generation of production tax and related credits from our businesses and six, earnings and free cash flow growth from our contracted energy segment. During the investor event, we will comprehensively review our updated strategy, provide multiyear financial and capital investment guidance and participate in Q&A. We would believe that this presentation will provide reference information and insights that will help investors to better understand Dominion Energy's updated profile as well as the key value drivers of each of our business segments. Turning to credit, our commitments and priorities with regard to credit are unchanged. As Bob mentioned, the sale of our remaining interest in Cove Point and the announced sales of our natural gas distribution companies are strongly credit accretive. Post-sale comments by the rating agencies with whom we maintain regular engagement highlighted the credit positive nature of the transactions. For example, adjusting for the announced transactions, Moody's published they would expect Dominion Energy's consolidated FFO to debt to be in the high teens percent range, exceeding our current downgrade threshold of 14%. But as the agencies pointed out, we expect the financing of our significant near-term customer-driven growth to put downward pressure on that metric. We want to emerge from the review with a sustainable credit foundation that over time will consistently meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds even during temporary periods of cost, regulatory or interest rate pressure. Lastly, on interest rates, on Slide 16, adjusting for the announced transactions, we have shown how our floating rate debt and all fixed rate debt maturities over the next three years compares to peers. As you can see, our repricing exposure in this time frame on this basis benchmarks well. We also continue to manage our interest rate exposure on future issuances of long-term debt through a variety of Treasury activities, including through what is nearly $8 billion notional of pre-issuance interest rate hedges. These hedges, which can mitigate movement in the benchmark underlying our long-term debt issuances, serve to dampen volatility for our DEV customers and for our shareholders. We will provide an update on our planning assumption for rates, interest expense and hedging strategies when we host our investor event. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 17. Our safety performance this year is commendable. We have taken significant steps to achieve the objectives of the business review. We are moving with urgency and care as we near the conclusion. We recognize the importance of delivering a compelling result and executing flawlessly thereafter. Our offshore wind project is on time and on budget. We are in advanced stages of a robust offshore wind partnership process that has generated considerable interest and we continue to make the necessary investments to provide the reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers every day. We look forward to seeing many of you in person at the EI financial conference next week and with that, we are ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And we have our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Just a little bit to unpack here. I guess, can you just maybe drill down a bit further on 14 and 15 slides and kind of the messaging around breaking ahead? You're clearly trying to tell investors to not put a growth rate on 290 to get to '25. It seems to be that you're pointing to more tailwinds than risks. Can you just maybe elaborate a bit more on the drivers, like some of the balance sheet moving pieces as it relates to the hedge portfolio, transferability, and even potential free cash flow growth at Millstone, right? And a follow-up, should we assume the pending growth rate, guide will be off that much higher base in 2025? Thanks.
Bob Blue: Shar, I'll take that one. So on the second question, again, we view 2025 as the foundational year for our post-review earnings growth. So when we do our investor meeting, we'll provide our forecast for 2025 and a growth rate off of that 2025 number, a multiyear growth rate off of that 2025 number. And with regard to slides 14 and 15, look, we felt it was important, given the uncertainty that's been created as a result of the review, to try and be clear about what we think is an accurate assessment of what 2023 earnings are, not because it's going to be the foundational year, but because it's important that investors feel confident about our ability to deliver good results. And the language we've provided on Slide 15 is simply an indication that given a host of very important input variables, which are not public at this time, we would simply caution against taking a simplified approach of applying a growth rate to the $2.90.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. We'll wait for more details there. And Steven, the deck is so detailed around the option for win sale process, and it's clearly implying that nothing else is for sale like Scana, which is good. There is sort of a big concern for investors. I have to ask, I apologize for asking, but would Dominion be willing to accept a portion of their partner's construction in the sale, or will the risk sharing have to be basically 100% symmetric in order for the sale process to proceed? So basically asking how comfortable would you be absorbing your partner's downside cost risk, especially as we're thinking about balancing that risk for rate payers and shareholders? Thanks.
Steven Ridge: Yeah, Shar. Let's take a step back for a moment in this process. When we announced the top to bottom business review last fall, we didn't even have legislative authorization to take an equity partner in offshore win. Now we do, thanks to our proposal and our work with the legislature earlier this year. We didn't have an EIS, a record of decision, for the project. Now we do on the schedule that we expected. We hadn't started manufacturing equipment. Now our first shipment of monopiles has arrived on time. When we started, we had about 75% of project costs fixed. Now we're at 92%. So I could go on with how well the project is going. So we feel very good about what we've done so far. We've got multiple parties who are engaged with us, and our objective is a true equity partner with pro rata sharing of project costs. That's what we're after.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, thank you. Just answered my question, Bob. That's very helpful. Thank you, guys. We'll see you in a couple of weeks -- in a week. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nick Campanella: I just wanted to ask, I know there's a lot of scenarios on the sell-down out there, but even up to like a 50% sell-down on the offshore wind, would you still kind of expect common equity needs to fund growth going forward? You're just calling out some items here, contracted energy cash flow, tax credit transferability. Could you just help us kind of think about what the pro forma entity financing needs were if you were to sell down? Thank you.
Bob Blue: Yeah, we're not giving that guidance, Nick. The language we continue to use is that we're very specific on what we're attempting to achieve for credit, and we're also very specific on what we're attempting to achieve with regard to evaluating efficient sources of capital, seeking to minimize any amount of external financing need. When we have our investor meeting, we will provide a full outlook on what our financing plan is and so, we're just not in a position to give that guidance because the review is not complete yet.
Nick Campanella: Understood. And then, Steve, I think in your remarks, you said, the capital budget will be significantly higher than any in your history and I went back to your slides. I think you had like a $37 billion capital plan before you announced this strategic review. So, should we take your comment to say that you should be higher than that number, or is that even net of LDC sales and the offshore wind fell down? How should we think about that?
Steven Ridge: Yeah, Nick, let me provide a little guidance on that. So, from 2018 through 2022, our company had a capital budget on average of about $6 billion per year. When we last provided our long-term growth guidance which was the fourth quarter of 2021, net gas distribution so taking gas distribution capital out and you can go back and look at our Q4 2021 earnings debt for this, we averaged in '23, '24 and '25 at the time about $9 billion of capital investment each year over '23, '24, '25. We haven't at this time given any update to that, but we've talked a lot about some of the drivers potentially increase those numbers. Another anecdotal piece of information is that year-to-date through 2023, our CapEx has been $7.2 billion, a year ago through nine thirty, it was $5.2 billion and for the full year 2022, it was $7.6 billion. So you can see even in the result year-to-date how significantly increased our capital budget is an it I want to be clear about what's driving that. What's driving that is demand growth, policy directives and reliability investment many of which are already underway under writer programs at DEV as well as growth at our South Carolina utility. So more to come on that Nick, but we have a very strong demand growth driving on a very robust amount of capital investment in a regulated businesses.
Nick Campanella: Hey I appreciate that, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah hey, good morning, thanks. So first just to repeat Shar's question a little bit the offshore wind cell and Bob I think you said your objective is to find a partner that will have pro-rata risk sharing and do you -- if you get the print that the people looking at it willing to do that?
Bob Blue: Yes Steve, we're going to look at total picture on any deal. So I'm not going to tell you what any specific pieces of it may be while we sit here today. We're going to judge any deal against the commitment and priorities that we set out at the beginning of the process to help improve our credit metrics because it to solidify our credit profile, does it enhance shareholder value, does it reduce the company's concentration in this one project, is it consistent with our goal of reliable performance? Those are things we're going to look at and again our objective is to get a true equity partner with pro-rata sharing a project cost. I can't tell you today what the specific pieces of any deal maybe because it's not done yet. That's what we're after.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just another question on the offshore wind the 92% fixed cost that's great and you've made a lot of progress. I think one of the things if you look at issues with big projects over time is the suppliers end up having issues and can't meet the obligation they came to either financially or they're just delayed or whatever. So could you just talk to that issue since that's often been an issue with big projects that have been problems to suppliers end up not coming through?
Bob Blue: Yes. We communicate regularly with them, with our suppliers and if you look at the deck that we posted on the website on offshore wind, we walk through each one of them and the status of the contract with each of them and you can see they're all performing and they're all performing on time. Now I know that Siemens in particular is one that's been in the news recently and there are turban provider. I communicate regularly with the CEO Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy and I most recently heard from him after that news on some of the challenges that they're facing mostly with their onshore business and sort of project potential that they have but they need to be able to put guarantees on those. So they are growth opportunities but that's causing them some challenges that have been in the news. So he assured me they're committed to their contractual obligations and he said nothing will change the close and successful partnership we have from their side. So we're very focused on this. We communicate regularly with all of those providers and as we outlined earlier and as you can see in the deck, those projects are going very well. They're all performing. They're all on time.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. One last quick one for Steve, just the simple one. The slide that talked about the 290 for '23 and don't just use a normal utility growth rate to '25 and you go through those factors. Looks like pretty much almost all of them are positive factors. So, my interpretation of that is it should be better than that. I just want to make sure that that's correct.
Steven Ridge: Well, we're not giving guidance. So, I'll start with that. I think we provided this list to try and be comprehensive and holistic, so that we're not suspected of trying to cherry pick or give half guidance. We talked a lot internally in advance of this call about staying true to what we've done thus far, which has been disciplined about not providing partial guidance until the review is complete and this is in the spirit of that. Now, I would just say on individual items, some of these are certainly tailwinds. Higher rates, of course, I probably wouldn't describe that as a tailwind, but we talk about the in-the-money portfolio of rates. So, I don't want to get into a box given that we're not giving guidance on any of these particular items, except we felt it was important to highlight the various inputs that we have not disclosed that we think will be important to analyzing accurately what our 2025 earnings will be.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we have our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Appreciate the commentary just laid out there with regards to how you're talking about the review, but just wanted to go to the dividend, if I could, and just wanted to see if the dividend policy remains intact, even if for some reason you keep all of wind. Is there any scenario where, keeping the dividend at these levels just wouldn't make sense?
Bob Blue: We're committed to the dividend, Jeremy. As we said, we're 100% committed to the dividend. Trying to talk about scenarios that people could imagine, I don't think is terribly productive. We've been committed to the dividend since the beginning. We haven't wavered in that. We're not wavering on it today.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. I'm going to leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have our next question from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and for all the color thus far. Maybe just one quick one on the business review. I guess, can you just help us frame the risk around the timeline here? Are there any factors in particular that you're watching that could potentially push that beyond the, late '23 to early 2024 timeline that you've lined out?
Bob Blue: No. We, I think, laid it out pretty clearly. We're in the last stage here on evaluating an offshore wind equity partner. But no, there's nothing else out there.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thanks for that. And then, appreciate the disclosure on the interest rate exposure. Just on the $8 billion in the interest rate derivatives that you highlighted, is there anything you can provide in terms of the tenor on those contracts, just as we think about the moving pieces on financing costs in the coming years relative to that? I think it was the sub 3% average coupon that you highlighted.
Bob Blue: Yeah. So we've got derivatives at both VEPCO as well as at the holding company and more at the holding company than at Vepco. Vepco is, because we use hedge accounting, we're a little more restricted on when we utilize those hedges. So those are '24-'25 style hedges at DEI. We're able to use any time in advance of a future settlement date. So we've got some flexibility in timing of use of that, anywhere between now and 2028, based on the current notional. So we've got some flexibility there and as part of the investor day, we'll of course provide some incremental disclosure around how we intend to utilize that portfolio.
Carly Davenport: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for our question-and-answer session. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President of Investor Relations.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our investor relations website to review webcast slides, as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. As announced this morning, we reported second quarter operating earnings of $0.53 per share. Our results were meaningfully impacted by historically mild weather and outages at the Millstone Power Station, both of which will address later in our prepared remarks. But first, I'll address our safety performance and provide an update on the status of the business review. Turning to slide 3, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first half of the year was 0.32, this remarkable performance has us on pace to achieve the best safety year in the history of our company. Safety is of course much more than just a number on a page. It's our first core value and represents the wellbeing of our people. I commend my colleagues for the dedicated focus necessary to create and maintain the safety mindset and work practices that enable this outstanding performance. Moving now to the Business Review, I'm pleased with the progress we're making toward delivering a compelling repositioning of our company to create maximum long term value for shareholders, employees, customers, and other stakeholders. As I've said before, I'm as excited as ever for the future of our company. Our guiding commitments and priorities are unchanged, and replicated identically on slide 4. The review timeline shown on slide 5 is also unchanged. We expect to conclude the review and hosted Investor Day during the third quarter, at which we will provide an updated strategic and financial outlook for the company. We're working expeditiously but conscientiously in recognition of the vital importance of achieving an optimal result. Since announcing the review last November, we have among other steps, rigorously engaged with our shareholders to listen, reflect and inform our business review commitments and priorities. We're committed to maintaining a similar level of engagement as we navigate through and beyond the review. We know that rebuilding trust is vital. We've positioned Dominion Energy Virginia for long-term success by working collaboratively with key stakeholders to simplify the regulatory framework, provide meaningful rate relief to customers, and ensure the stability that will allow our company to confidently continue to allocate billions of dollars of annual investment in support of the economic prosperity of the citizens of the [inaudible] of Virginia, to the benefit of both customers, and capital providers. We've confirmed our commitment to the current dividend. We've committed to and taken steps to improve operating earnings quality. We continue to focus on cost control by looking for what more can be done without losing sight of the absolute necessity of meeting high customer service standards. And against the backdrop of the significant operational and cost efficiencies we've achieved over the last several years. So consistent with prior comments. While there may be some potential in that area, we do not see it as a game changer. We've included our own and performance metrics in the appendix of today's materials for reference, and we've committed to an improved credit profile and taking the first step toward that goal by announcing an agreement to sell our remaining interest in Cove Point, which will generate approximately $3.3 billion of cash after tax, which we will use to reduce debt. This highly credit accretive transaction was the result of a robust and competitive sale process. The sale represents an attractive exit from what has been an excellent investment for our shareholders. With the sale we've recycled nearly $9 billion of cash flow since 2018, which is well in excess of our total investment in the facility, inclusive of the export project construction cost of approximately $4 billion. We've included the investor slides we publish at the time of the announcement in the appendix of today's materials. The request for HSR clearance and the DOE notification have both been filed. And we expect the transaction to close later this year. We will continue to announce updates as events warrant as we work to finalize additional business review inputs in advance of the Investor Day With that, I'll turn it over to Steven to address financial matters.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob. Good morning. Our second quarter 2023 operating earnings as shown on slide 6 were $0.53 per share. As you're aware we revised our second quarter guidance on June 30 from a range of $0.58 to $0.68 per share to a range of $0.44 to $0.50 per share to reflect our expectation for the negative impact of weather and unplanned outages at Millstone. First on weather. I'll just note that second quarter weather was the mildest relative to 15-year normal in the last 50 years and amounted to an $0.08 headwind during the quarter. With regard to Millstone, we experienced both an increase to the duration of a planned outage at unit two and an extended unplanned outage at unit three, which taken together amounted to an additional $0.08 headwind during the quarter. These outages are uncharacteristic for Millstone, which has a strong history as the largest zero carbon electricity resource in New England have exemplary safety and reliability performance. Senior leadership including Eric Carr, who recently joined as our new Chief Nuclear Officer, after several years at PSEG most recently as their Chief Nuclear Officer has instituted a thorough and peer involved review of the plant’s operating practices to ensure that despite the unusual nature of these outages, the station is prepared to consistently operate at its maximum potential for years to come. Higher sales and lower O&M contributed to the modest outperformance relative to the revised guidance range relative to the second quarter last year, positive factors include higher sales and O&M timing. Negative factors include higher interest expense, lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market based rates, higher depreciation, the absence of solar investment tax credits and as discussed weather and Millstone. Second quarter GAAP results reflected net income of $0.69 per share, which includes the positive non-cash mark- to-market impact of economic hedging activities and unrealized gains in the value of our Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Funds. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reporting results is included in schedule two of the earnings release kit. Moving now to guidance on slide 7, given the pending Business Review, we are not providing full year 2023 earnings guidance. For the third quarter 2023, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.72 and $0.87 per share. Last year's third quarter operating earnings were $1.11 per share. Let me walk through some of the key drivers of this year-over-year change all of which we've identified previously. First, approximately $0.12 from higher interest expense as a result of higher market rates, approximately $0.09 related to the $350 million rider revenue reduction which became effective July 1, approximately $0.06 related to the removal of Cove Point from operating earnings effective July 1 due to the sale agreement. About half that is related to the absence of a $0.03 help this quarter relative to last year from higher variable revenue and other additional services. This number also doesn't capture the impact of expected lower interest expense due to parent debt retirement from sale proceeds later this year, which we estimated approximately $0.05 to $0.06 to on an annualized basis. Approximately $0.04 from the elimination of nonregulated solar investment tax credits, and approximately $0.02 from an O&M related to the Millstone fall plan outage. Before moving to sales trends, let me emphasize one of our business review priorities, a durable high quality and predictable long-term earnings growth profile with consistent execution. We recognize the critical importance of meeting any post review financial targets even if and when unexpected headwinds occur. Turning to slide 8, I’ll address electric sales trends. When we announced the review in November, we described the long term scope and duration of our resiliency and decarbonization capital investment opportunity as very much intact. In May, we discussed PJM updated electric load projections that forecast summer load growth in the DOM zone of 5% per year for the next 10 years. Those estimates reflect the very robust demand growth we're observing in real time across our system. Whether normalized sales in Virginia increased 5% over the last 12 months through June as compared to the prior year. For full year 2023, we expect the growth rate at DEV to be around 5%. It's worth noting that just last week, we registered new summer peak demand records on consecutive days. And just as we expect, our customers likely would have no idea given the high quality operational performance delivered by our colleagues under these demanding load conditions. The unique intersection of industry leading demand growth and strong policy support for resiliency, decarbonization, affordability and economic growth, combined with the durability of the Virginia regulatory structure represents an unprecedented opportunity for our company, our customers and our capital providers. It will drive growth for many years to come, demand prudent capital allocation and require a strong balance sheet. Which brings me to my next topic, credit. Our commitments and priorities with regard to credit are unchanged. I'll reiterate them here. As we've discussed, despite meaningful qualitative improvement over the last several years, our credit metrics needs strengthening. We want to emerge from the review with the ability over time to consistently meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds even during temporary periods of cost or regulatory pressure. As part of the review, we're analyzing the most efficient sources of capital to improve our balance sheet and fund our robust capital investments, while seeking to minimize any amount of external equity financing need. As Bob mentioned, the Cove Point transaction was strongly credit accretive, improving consolidated FFO to debt as measured by Moody's by 70 basis points, post-sale comments by the rating agencies with whom we maintain frequent engagement highlighted the credit positive nature of the announcement but noted as we expected that additional steps are required to ensure that our metrics sustainably meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds going forward. As relates to credit. The objective of the business review is to create a robust balance sheet foundation that can both withstand potential temporary headwinds and also sustainably support the significantly elevated levels of regulated capital investment over the next few years. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Turning to slide 9. Let me start by updating you on the implementation of the Virginia rate reform legislation that became effective on July 1. The new Virginia law provides significant bill relief for our customers and supports the long term stability of our largest utility segment. With nearly unanimous bipartisan support, the legislation provides the certainty we need to fund and execute the critical energy investments that support the robust electrical demand growth in Virginia. As of July 1, the law directly enabled a nearly $14 reduction to the typical Dominion Energy residential customers monthly bill. Roughly half of this decrease results from the cessation of certain riders that represent approximately $350 million of annual revenues. The other half of the reduction comes from a downward adjustment to the component of electric rates that recovers the cost of power station fuel and purchase power. The commission has allowed this interim adjustment to take effect while it considers the fuel securitization proposal DEV filed on July 3, by arranging for certain unrecovered fuel costs to be paid off over time, securitization would avoid the possible alternative and abrupt rate increase that would amount to about $15 per month for typical residential customers. We expect the final order by early November. DEV also submitted its biannual review filing on July 3, initiating review of base rates, which represents about on third DEV’s total rate base. The filing highlights DEV’s exceptionally reliable and affordable service. Consider these facts, 99.9% average reliability delivered at rates 22% below the national average. I note our track record of operating efficiently is reflected in our competitive rates as I mentioned previously. Since 2010, the typical residential bill has grown by only about 1.2% year-over-year, less than half of the 2.6% increase in the general inflation rate. We're proud of our record and the work we do to serve customers every single day. We expect the final order by March 3 of next year. Turning to offshore wind on slide 10. The project remains on time and on budget consistent with the timelines and estimates previously provided. We continue to work closely with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and other stakeholders to support the project timeline. BOEM received comments from all agencies on the draft of the Final EIS and is on schedule to deliver the Final EIS by the end of September and the record of decision by the end of October. We continue to be encouraged by the administration's timely processing of offshore wind projects. In July, the SEC approved our updated offshore wind rider. In the application, DEV requested and received an annual revenue requirement of $271 million for jurisdictional customers. I'm pleased to update that our current project costs excluding contingency are now more than 90% fixed, our procurement and manufacturing processes are well underway. In fact, we expect the first monopiles to be delivered to the Port of Virginia later this year. Our current contingency reserve is still about equal to our original reserve, despite having progressed the project significantly and fix more costs. Taken together and despite trends we see elsewhere in the offshore wind market, we do not see anything that changes our confidence in delivering the project on time and on budget. Project to date, we've invested approximately $1.7 billion, which we expect to grow to around $3 billion by year end. As a reminder, we updated our expected LCOE in our most recent regulatory filing to the low end of the $80 to $90 per megawatt range to account for PTC value based on the Inflation Reduction Act. Our Jones Act-compliant installation vessel is currently 74% complete, their change to our expectation of completion well in advance of the need to support the current CVOW construction schedule, and timely completion by the end of 2026. Turning to other notable updates on slide 11, we've continued to see strong regulatory outcomes related to nuclear life extension, clean energy, and grid transformation. On data centers, we continue to advance a series of infrastructure upgrade projects that will enable incremental increases in power for data center customers in eastern Loudoun County. Four projects have been completed ahead of schedule and additional project is on schedule to be completed by the end of 2023. We continue to develop a new 500 kV transmission line with an expected in service state of late 2025. Given the unprecedented growth in areas served by our electric transmission, we continue to see an acceleration of and long term increase in electric transmission investment opportunity throughout our service area. As such, we recently submitted a significant number of additional projects as part of PJM transmission planning process that we believe will ensure the electric grid in Virginia is reliable, resilient, and able to adapt to the increasing energy demand while also transitioning to cleaner energy resources. Turning to Dominion Energy South Carolina on slide 12, in addition to delivering safe and reliable energy DESC electric rates for residential customers are 9% below the national average as of July 1, we're proud to meet the energy needs of the robust economic development and population growth in South Carolina. On the regulatory front, we will complete the testimony and hearings phases in our natural gas general rate case in the next few weeks. We expect an order from the commission by October. Following commission approval of the electric fuel settlement. The annual fuel adjustment was effective in May, and is designed to eliminate all previous under collections during these few years. Finally, at our gas distribution business, strong economic development is driving attractive customer growth year-over-year of 2.4% in North Carolina and 2.3% in Utah. Across all our gas businesses, we continue to see strong support for timely recovery on prudently incurred investment that provide safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable service, including pipeline replacement efforts and expansion of service to rural communities. On RNG, we have six RNG projects currently injecting gas, of 18 other projects in various stages of development. With that, let me summarize our remarks on slide 13. Our safety performance this quarter was outstanding. We reported operating earnings of $0.53 per share. We continue to execute on our decarbonization and resiliency investment programs to meet our customers’ needs while creating jobs and spurring new business growth. Our offshore wind project continues to move forward on schedule and on budget. And the Business Review is proceeding with pace and purpose. I'm focused on ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long term value for our shareholders. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys, good morning. Bob, just as you know, one of my favorite questions to ask is obviously, as we're getting closer to the Investor Day, I guess, is there any changes to your expectations for kind of this turn key event now that you've sold Cove? Or could there still be some contingencies on potential ongoing sale processes? So will all of our questions be answered as we think about the balance sheet based earnings growth rate, et cetera as we head into that event?
Bob Blue: Yes, no, change, Shar, and we would expect your questions to be answered. As we've said, our objective is to eliminate as many input variables as possible by the time we get to that Investor Day. And we're on track to do that. So no change.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, good. And then it's good to see on the offshore wind, you guys have locked in additional costs there. And I don't mean to like ask a blunt question like this, but I might as well, but can you just tell us if you've had any interest in the wind stake option at all, at this point? Just given what we've been seeing around?
Bob Blue: Yes, Shar. As we've said, throughout the business review, we're reviewing from top to bottom taking a look at everything in the business. By statute, there is an option for us related to offshore wind, and we're reviewing that as part of the business review, but I can't update you anymore on it.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. And then just lastly, one of the Millstone units, obviously heading for another outage this fall. I mean, can you just talk about sort of talk to the quantum of like that going in there? And it seems like there's been some issues with the units this year? Is there any kind of major capital investments you may be facing there? Thanks.
Steven Ridge: Shar, this is Steve, I'll take, with regard to the fall outage I mentioned, we'll see about $0.02 of that hurt in Q3 in the remainder of the hurt in Q4. It's fairly standard. And think about typical planned outages about a $50 million O&M hurt, given how we accelerate that work during that time period. And then, of course, on top of that there's loss margin from the unit, not actually producing electricity to sale. But there's nothing unusual about the planned outage in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, the performance of Millstone in the second quarter was very uncharacteristic. And it was something we're taking very, very seriously. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks. Those units will continue to operate at very high reliability going forward, there was no fundamental issue that we discovered that we expect is going to require massive amounts of capital investment going forward to remediate going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could help me out a bit with, I guess earnings trajectory for the business overall, if we look at kind of year-to-date results in 3Q guide and 4Q is flat year-over-year. It seems like it's down a bit year-over-year and so just wondering if you could share any other thoughts as far as trajectory and what could revert next year to me with ‘24?
Steven Ridge: Hey, Jeremy, Steve. That's really good question. Thanks for that. So let me start with this at the Investor Day, which we intend to have in the third quarter, we're going to provide very clear direction on our company's post review earnings and earnings growth outlook, including a buildup of the parts to that consolidated forecast. I would just say that 2023 is very much a transition year for us. And I understand that does make it more challenging to model. But since the initiation of the review, I think we've tried to be very transparent as we've delivered results around key drivers that are going to impact 2023 results including the DEV rider roll-in and interest expense, and we don't see that those major categories have changed much. So we haven't given full year guidance, as we mentioned. But I would say we're cognizant of investment community's interest in what the earnings potential of the company is going to be. And the good news is that we're going to be very comprehensive and how we address that as part of the Investor Day.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, makes sense, we will stay tuned for that. Maybe looking in the rearview at this point, if you're able to offer more commentary in Virginia now with being approved, what is the reaction from regulators and stakeholders then to the DEV rate reduction there? Just trying to get a temperature check on everything in Virginia.
Bob Blue: Yes, as you would expect, people are pretty positive about a rate reduction. I think that if you look at the history of our regulatory outcomes in Virginia, over the last few years, you see approval of the variety of new clean energy programs, approval of subsequent license, renewal investment, approval of transmission projects. We've, I believe, worked well with stakeholders in the regulatory process and achieved strong outcomes. And I think if you look at the big picture, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our reliability is high. Our rates are competitive substantially below the national average. That's a very good place to be when you're in front of your regulators.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Want to just start off on the demand side. Do you feel like PJM's peak forecasts kind of accurately capture the growth that you're seeing in Virginia? And maybe how do you think about that in the context of your forecasts for electric sales growth in Virginia going forward? It seems like it's pretty in line for 2023. But just kind of as you think about 2024 and beyond.
Bob Blue: We've spent a lot of time talking to PJM over the last few years on what we were seeing in terms of data centers. And we believe that is reflected in their most recent sales forecasts, which is robust. But we're seeing robust interest. And as we described, in our prepared remarks, we're seeing strong demand growth this year, in line with what we would expect over the course of the next few years, there's just no evidence that we can see that this kind of growth is abating. We're more and more interest from data center customers in our service territory. And so I would say the PJM forecast is pretty reflective of what we expect, the future will look like.
Carly Davenport: Great, that's helpful. And then maybe just a follow up kind of, appreciate all the updates that you provided on Virginia and just wanted to touch on the nuclear life extension program. Can you just talk about kind of what investments are included in that initial $1.2 billion? And then what other potential phases of that program could look like?
Bob Blue: Yes, so the overall investment, we expect to be $4 billion. And it is a variety of programs. A chunk of what's in that early $1.2 billion for example is we have a lot of big piping at our stations that we've put a sort of carbon fiber inlay and that will allow them to be quite reliable for many, many years. There are a host of other projects, large and small that will be included in that $4 billion but will put us in a strong position to be able to operate at North Anna and at Surrey for an additional 20 years. We can give you some more specific detail post call if you're looking for it. We've got that in the filings.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. And enjoy your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, we delivered financial results consistent with our guidance range and made meaningful progress on regulated investment programs that decarbonize and add resiliency to our systems. We'll cover those topics in more detail but let me begin with safety performance and then address the status of the business review. Our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first quarter was 0.21, a significant improvement relative to historical performance, including record-setting results in 2020 and 2021. We have several months left in 2023 to demonstrate our ability to drive injuries toward the only acceptable outcome which is 0. I thank my colleagues for this remarkably strong start to the year. Now, I'd like to address the business review. Our guiding commitments and priorities are unchanged and replicated identically on Slide 3. We continue to receive valuable feedback from investors which has affirmed our focus on these principles. We'll continue to be deliberate and making ourselves available for input from the company's current and prospective capital providers. The review timeline shown on Slide 4 is also unchanged. We plan to host an Investor Day in the third quarter during which we'll provide an updated strategic and financial outlook based on the results of the business review which is still underway. We're working expeditiously but conscientiously in recognition of the vital importance of achieving an optimal result. I'm pleased with the progress we're making towards delivering a compelling repositioning of our company to create maximum long-term value for shareholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders. We have great people and great assets and I'm as excited as ever for the future of our company. Turning now to several noteworthy developments in Virginia, our largest service area. In November, I discussed the need to ensure that near-term economic and customer bill pressures didn't preclude the full realization of the benefits of the long-term resiliency and decarbonization capital investment opportunity before us. And in February, I discussed the need for a durable regulatory construct that provides for a competitive and fair return on utility investments to attract low-cost capital and support of our customer-focused programs. New Virginia law enacted in April and effective July 1, comprehensively addresses both of those needs. It provides significant bill relief for our customers and supports the long-term stability of our utility with nearly unanimous bipartisan support, the legislation provides the certainty we need to fund and execute critical energy investments in support of the Commonwealth's robust electric demand growth long-term energy security and reliability, leading decarbonization goals and impressive economic growth. Highlights of the law are shown on Slide 5. First, it provides meaningful rate relief for customers. Beginning July 1, it reduces the monthly bill for a typical residential customer by nearly $7 through the combination of certain existing riders that represent approximately $350 million of annual revenue and it allows for the commission to approve the securitization of deferred fuel costs which could provide up to $7 a month in additional near-term savings. If approved, fuel securitization would reduce the stand-alone fuel charge on customers' monthly bills by allowing the company to spread fuel cost over a multiyear period. Taken together, these savings, if approved, would equate to a 10% reduction to the current typical residential customer bill and position us to be around 21% below the national average. Second, the law simplifies the ratemaking process around our base business which now represents about 1/3 of DEV's total rate base. Specifically the law reinstates base rate reviews on a biannual schedule as compared to the current triennial cadence, improving the timeliness of operating expense and investment recovery. It's worth noting here, no change to the use of a forward-looking mechanism for purposes of establishing base rate revenues as part of the now biennial reviews. And it retains a modified customer sharing mechanism for base rate earnings that allows both customers and shareholders to benefit from positive financial drivers like improved cost efficiency. Finally, the law prescribes certain regulatory parameters for use in rate setting for the next few years. It establishes an authorized ROE of 9.7%, up from 9.35% currently for purposes of the 2023 biennial review which will determine base rates and rider returns through the next biennial period. It directs DEV to undertake reasonable efforts to maintain a common equity ratio of 52.1% through 2024 and it preserves the use of the rider recovery construct. As a reminder, riders are filed and trued up annually in single issue proceedings that utilize forward-looking test periods and allow for timely recovery of construction work in progress. The law complements precedent energy legislation, including the Virginia Clean Economy Act of 2020, the Grid Transformation & Security Act of 2018 and the Reregulation Act of 2007 to create a regulated utility framework that has delivered exemplary reliability and resiliency as well as exceptional customer value as evidenced by customer rates that are significantly below national and regional averages as shown on Slide 6. I believe this broadly supported bipartisan legislation strikes an appropriate balance between customer benefit, regulatory oversight and the critical need to position the company to compete for capital to support the significant investment required in Virginia for decades to come. In the words of the state's House of Delegates leadership, this resolution gives Dominion Energy Virginia, the certainty and stability to make investments needed to ensure stable, reliable service long into the future. That stability and certainty is especially critical now as we ramp into the very substantial and growing multi-decade utility investment required to address resiliency and decarbonization public policy goals plus recently updated independent electric load projections that reflect the very robust demand growth we're observing in real time across our system. I'm referring to PJM's 2023 forecast. That is shown on Slide 7, projects peak summer load growth in the DOM zone of approximately 5% per year for the next 10 years. To put that into perspective, the resulting peak load projected for 2033 has increased from 25.8 gigawatts as of the 2022 PJM estimate to 35.8 gigawatts as of this year's estimate, an increase of nearly 40%. DEV weather normal sales growth over the last 12 months was 6.1%. For full year 2023, we expect the growth rate to moderate somewhat to around 5%. So this isn't a hypothetical growth; its demand we're seeing and investing to serve every day. On Monday, we filed an updated integrated resource plan with the Virginia Commission that outlines a variety of paths to satisfy these growing service obligations. The plan calls for an acceleration of and long-term increase in our distribution, transmission and generation investment. We look forward to engaging with all stakeholders in the planning process and we'll provide a refreshed long-term capital investment plan as part of our third quarter Investor Day. This unique intersection of industry-leading demand growth and strong policy support for resiliency, decarbonization, affordability and economic growth, combined with the durability of the Virginia regulatory construct represents an unprecedented opportunity for our company, our customers and our shareholders. It will drive growth for many years to come, require prudent capital allocation and rely on a healthy financial foundation which is one of the reasons we've repeatedly highlighted balance sheet improvement as a key priority of the business review. With that, I'll turn it over to Steven to address the financial matters before I provide additional business updates.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob and good morning. Our first quarter 2023 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 8 were $0.99 per share which included $0.10 of hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service areas. I'll note that this was one of the warmest first quarters on record for our electric utility service areas. Positive factors as compared to last year were normal course regulated growth, higher sales and higher Millstone margins. Other factors in addition to weather include higher interest expense, lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market-based rates, the absence of solar investment tax credits and O&M timing. Normalized for the negative impact of weather, our results would have been $1.09 per share, above the midpoint of our weather normal guidance range by $0.04 as a result of a combination of several small drivers including Millstone margins, depreciation and taxes. First quarter GAAP results reflect a net income of $1.17 per share which includes the positive noncash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities and unrealized gains in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving now to guidance on Slide 9. Given the pending business review, we are not providing full year 2023 earnings guidance. For the second quarter of 2023, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.58 and $0.68 per share. Last year's second quarter operating earnings were $0.77 and included $0.01 hurt from worse than normal weather. The second quarter 2023 guidance midpoint of $0.63 per share represents a decline of $0.14 as compared to last year but is in line with our expectations since the beginning of the year. Let me spend a minute on the key drivers for the quarter as compared to last year. Positive drivers include higher sales, lower Millstone planned outage impacts, normal weather and modest O&M timing. Other drivers are primarily and as previously highlighted, higher interest rates, lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market-based rates and the lack of solar ITCs. Turning now to credit. For the avoidance of Dow, there have been no changes to our business review commitments and priorities, including with regard to credit. As we've discussed, despite meaningful qualitative improvement over the last several years, our credit metrics need strengthening. This was highlighted by S&P, who recently revised its outlook from stable to negative for the Dominion family of issuers. Recall that the outlook designation typically signifies a 1/3 probability of change in rating over the next 12 to 24 months. I'd note that S&P maintained its stand-alone credit profile for VEPCO at A and maintain Dominion's business risk profile as excellent but suggested that counter measures were likely needed to strengthen the company's future credit metrics. As we've said before, we desire to emerge from the review with the ability over time to consistently meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds even during temporary periods of cost or regulatory pressure. As part of the review, we're analyzing the most efficient sources of capital to improve our balance sheet and fund our robust capital investments while seeking to minimize any amount of external equity financing need. No change on either of these 2 points from prior investor communications. Turning to Slide 10 and briefly on O&M management. We know it's our responsibility to constantly look for ways to optimize the efficiency of our operations without losing sight on the absolute necessity of meeting high customer service standards. Based on the most recent data published by FERC last month, we've updated our electric O&M management relative to peers. As you can see, we have a track record of operating efficiently for our customers and shareholders which is clearly reflected, as Bob described on Slide 6 in our competitive rates as compared to national and regional averages. We've driven down costs through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practice initiatives. As part of the review, we are evaluating what we can additionally do on costs within the context of the significant operational and cost efficiency we achieved over the years. Before turning it back over to Bob, let me echo his enthusiasm for the future of our company. I, too, am encouraged by the progress of the review and look forward to sharing the results during our investor meeting later this year. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thanks, Steven. I'll now turn to other business updates on the execution of our growth program. Turning to offshore wind on Slide 11. The project remains on track and on budget. We continue to work closely with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and other stakeholders to support the project's time line. The draft EIS received late last year was thorough and contained no surprises. Public hearings have already taken place and we continue to work collaboratively with BOEM and all of the cooperating agencies. We expect the EIS record of decision later this year. We've advanced engineering and design work which has allowed us to release major equipment for fabrication and we made progress on procurement and other preconstruction activities for the onshore scope of work. Consistent with prior guidance, project costs, excluding contingency, are about 90% fixed, further derisking the project in its budget. Project to date, we've invested approximately $1.5 billion which we expect to grow to $3.3 billion by year-end. In our most recent regulatory filing, we updated our expected LCOE to the low end of the $80 to $90 per megawatt range to account for PTC value based on the Inflation Reduction Act. In March, legislation was enacted that authorizes DEV to establish an offshore wind affiliate subject to commission approval. And for the purpose of securing a non-controlling equity financing partner in our offshore wind project. We intend to evaluate this option as part of the business review. Our Jones Act-compliant turbine installation vessel is currently 70% complete. No change to our expectation of the completion well in advance of the need to support the current Coastal Virginia offshore wind construction schedule and timely completion by the end of 2026. On data centers, we're advancing a series of infrastructure upgrade projects that will enable incremental increases in power for data center customers in Eastern Loudoun County. The first 3 projects are ahead of schedule and will be completed by the end of this month. A second tranche of projects are on schedule to be completed by the end of 2023. Additionally, we recently received SEC approval for a new 500 kV transmission line with an expected in-service date of late 2025. This submission included around $700 million of capital investment. Turning to Slide 13. I'm very pleased that the SEC in April approved our most recent Clean Energy filing which included nearly 800 megawatts of solar and energy storage capacity, our sixth consecutive such approval. These projects will bring jobs and economic opportunity to our communities and they will deliver more than $250 million in fuel savings for our customers during their first 10 years in operation. Our next clean energy filing will take place later this year. Next, we're advancing our electric grid transformation plans to create a more resilient grid, improve reliability and offer faster recovery after major storms. We filed Phase III of our grid transformation plan in March, seeking approval for the continuation of existing and new projects through 2026. Our customers have already observed the benefits from prior investments as we've seen fewer outages and less significant damage on impacted facilities during major storms. The filing represented over $1 billion of rider eligible investment. We expect an order from the SEC by the end of the third quarter of 2023. Turning to South Carolina; on March 31, we filed a natural gas general rate case in South Carolina in accordance with its 2020 RSA settlement agreement with the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff. We asked in the case for an ROE of 10.38% and a revenue requirement increase of $19 million which represents around a 6% increase to a typical residential customer bill. We expect new rates based on a typical procedural schedule to be effective in October. On April 25, the commission approved our stipulation in the electric fuel proceeding. The stipulation was prepared through the joint efforts of DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff and the South Carolina Energy Users Committee. The stipulation supports an increase of just under 4% for an average residential customer bill. We now expect to recover all previous under collections during the next fuel year. I'd note that this is the second electric fuel adjustment settlement in the past 6 months. Another example of the improved regulatory and stakeholder relationships that will benefit our customers in the state. Lastly, at our gas distribution business. The Utah system delivered 7 of the top 20 throughput days in history including the 2 highest ever during a record setting winter. Also in Utah, we've launched the next phase of our hydrogen blending pilot and we've achieved up to 5% blending levels in Delta serving about 1,800 customers. On RNG, we have 6 RNG projects currently injecting gas with 15 projects under various stages of development. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 14. Our safety performance this quarter was outstanding but more work to do to drive injuries to 0. We delivered financial results that were within our guidance range and above the midpoint of our guidance range on a weather-normal basis. We continue to execute on our decarbonization and resiliency investment programs to meet our customers' needs while creating jobs and spurring new business growth. Our offshore wind project continues to move forward on schedule and on budget. And the top to bottom business review is proceeding with pace and purpose. I'm focused on ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Maybe just, Bob, if we could start with a kind of a sequencing question regarding the Investor Day as it kind of draws closer. Should we be expecting kind of a turnkey Investor Day reset? Or could it still be contingent on potential ongoing sale processes? And the origin of the question is that the wind stake sales seems to be taking a while right now. You have that option now. So just trying to get a feel for what level of closure you're targeting for the rollout.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, we're targeting, as we have said from the beginning being able to give a very good sense of the long term for our company. So no change from what we expected when we started or when we most recently updated.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then Steven, you mentioned in the prepared that you continue to look at cost efficiencies, albeit within the context of all the work you've done to date. I guess how should we think about the opportunities here? Any color on scale or timing as we look ahead to the review and beyond?
Steven Ridge: Yes. Thanks, Shar. I think on the third quarter call of 2022, when we announced the business review, we did make some commentary on our focus on continuing our track record of being a very efficient operator. And I think what we said at that time which I think was well put by Jim Chapman was that while we believe there's opportunity and we're constantly focused on looking at that. We don't view it in the -- through a lens of a game changer amount of incremental savings to what we've consistently accomplished. So as we're working through the business review, we continue to expect to find incremental efficiencies but we've been driving a lot of those efficiencies -- inefficiencies out of the business for a number of years as reflected in our O&M efficiency metrics and our rates. .
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. I think just one last one, I guess, just on the SEC. I guess what are your kind of expectations for lawmakers, I guess, to fill the 2 vacant seats at this point? It sounds like there's been little progress in Richmond. I guess what are the pathways forward here?
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar. I think it's important to start off by noting that the commission is functioning effectively as evidenced by orders just within the last few weeks that I mentioned in our opening remarks on our Clean Energy III filing, 800 megawatts of solar and storage. And on the transmission line, that's important for us to be able to serve data center customers in Northern Virginia. So the commission is functioning well in its current configuration. I can tell you that the process and the constitution of Virginia is that when there are vacancies, the general assembly can elect judges to fill commissioners to fill those vacancies. If they're not in session, the governor could make an appointment for a term that would last until 30 days after the start of the next regular session. So that's the process. But I think it's important if you sort of step back and think about the regulatory construct in Virginia. If you look just at where we sit in Virginia, we've got low rates. We've got strong reliability. We've got a clear mandate from policymakers for energy security within an energy transition and as our IRP indicates, we've got very strong load growth. So we're sitting in a very good spot moving forward in the Virginia regulatory process. So the commission is functioning now. There is a process for adding 2 new commissioners. But sort of in the big picture, we're very well positioned in Virginia for strong regulatory outcomes in the future.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So just on the framing of the Investor Day, the -- a lot of the balance sheet fix at least seems like it could come from asset sales and the like and markets kind of keep moving around and the like. So just as we go to the Investor Day, should we assume that asset sales, if you're going to do any are actually kind of announced by then or that this process would kind of kick off by then.
Steven Ridge: Steve, this is Steve. I'll take a shot at that as well. I think as we think about the Investor Day, the goal is to have isolated as many variables of the review as possible at the time that we address the market with the repositioning of the company for the long term. And obviously, given the business review is underway, it's a little bit difficult to provide sort of more specific guidance than that. But we are well down the path on the review. As Bob mentioned, we're pleased with the progress that we're making and we look to use the Investor Day to provide a refreshed strategic and financial outlook that will cover earnings and credit and financing and capital investment. And I think based on the progress we've seen to date, we will be well positioned to do that.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, makes sense. And just on the performance provision and the ROE in Virginia, can you just talk to kind of is there any clear barometer for how they're supposed to judge performance upside or downside?
Robert Blue: I think there'll need to be some work done within the commission on how that will work. It's -- there was a similar provision in the law really starting back in 2007. And -- so we see it as an opportunity to demonstrate our excellent performance when we're in front of the commission. But I think it's a little early to establish exactly how that will play out.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then lastly, just on the data centers. The -- is there any better clarity on who's really supposed to be servicing this data center load and planning for it? Like is that your obligation as part of PJM and the commission or because they have choice, is it not? Could you just give us some sense on how to think about that aspect of the low growth?
Robert Blue: We have an obligation to serve customers in Virginia. It's our obligation and we build generation, transmission and distribution as necessary to serve that load. So that's the way that it has worked. That's the way it's going to keep working in the future. So we've got investments to make as you see from the IRP.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. I mean even the ones that maybe if they do have on-site generation, they're typically connecting to you as well and using Dominion at least for wires and backdrop and the like. Is that correct?
Robert Blue: Absolutely. Yes, these are large loads, 24/7, they need the grid.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to touch on the IRP scenarios a bit and just see what factors are, I guess, in play between the different scenarios. Just wondering if you would note any notable highlights on resource mix considerations across these scenarios and how that would impact be?
Robert Blue: Sure. Jeremy, as you know, we laid out in the plan 5 different scenarios. Some of them required by the commission from decisions in earlier proceedings. We have plans that as they should comply with the Virginia Clean Economy Act. Others, as I noted, required by the commission that don't necessarily comply with the Clean Economy Act but the commission asked for those scenarios as well. Across all of them, what we look for is the appropriate balance between investing to serve our customers reliably and the cost of that service. And compliance with all the rules and regulations that govern us, including the Clean Economy Act. This is -- the IRP is a snapshot in time. It's what -- when we look out 15 and with certain parameters, 25 years, what we think our demand will be as projected by PJM and then the investments that we need to make in order to serve that load. This changes, as you know, over time, when we have further proceedings, it will be adjusted, I'm sure. But we, as of the time of this filing, thinks that -- believe that this document lays out a pretty clear road map for different ways that we'd be able to serve what is very robust demand growth coming over the course of the next 1.5 decade or more.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And small point I just wanted to pivot for Millstone. Just wondering if there's any updated thoughts that you could provide there given, I guess, changes in the market?
Robert Blue: Yes. As we've said in prior calls, Jeremy, we think Millstone is an incredibly valuable asset to New England, both for reliability and decarbonization purposes. Our team operates that plant extraordinarily well. And as we think about the future of Millstone, we just see that it's very well positioned.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining today’s call. Earnings materials, including today’s prepared remarks, contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today’s call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Ridge, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. During 2022, we delivered earnings and dividend growth in line with our guidance, provided safe, reliable and affordable energy while demonstrating careful environmental stewardship, served our customers and invested in our communities, and made meaningful progress on our regulated investment programs focused on decarbonization and resiliency. I’ll begin by highlighting our annual safety performance. As shown on slide 3, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate continues to compare favorably with the Company’s long-term historical results as well as national industry and regional electric utility averages. However, our ultimate goal has been and continues to be that none of our colleagues get hurt ever. Next, on reliability, which our customers consistently indicate is their highest priority. In the past year, customers in our electric service areas in Virginia, South Carolina and North Carolina had power 99.9% of the time, excluding major storms. And it’s worth noting that Virginia reached record summer peak demand in August and all-time peak demand in December. As they do time and time again, our colleagues rose to the challenge and kept our system delivering without major or extended interruption during these demanding load conditions. The scale of our team and resiliency of our system were never more evident than during the December winter storm, when we also did not experience any major or extended service disruptions. Finally, affordability: Our rates continue to be lower than national and regional averages. As we discuss later, we’re very focused on ensuring that our customers are not priced out of the significant long-term benefits that will result from our decarbonization and resiliency investment programs. On that same theme, 2022 was a significant year in terms of advancing our regulated decarbonization and resiliency strategy. In Virginia, the State Corporation Commission approved several rider-eligible investment programs, including our offshore wind project, subsequent license renewals of our four nuclear units, our second clean energy filing of new solar and energy storage projects and Phase 2 of our grid transformation program. Additional rider-eligible investments currently under SCC review include new solar and energy storage projects and our third annual clean energy filing, and high-voltage electric transmission necessary to continue to serve growing customer demand and data center load. In South Carolina, we achieved our second best year ever for service reliability. In December, Moody’s upgraded Dominion Energy South Carolina’s credit rating, citing evidence of the Company’s “improved regulatory and stakeholder relationships”. In our Gas Distribution segment, we invested over $300 million, modernizing infrastructure that is safer, more reliable and better for the environment. We completed our LNG peaking supply facility in Utah, and we increased the number of our renewable natural gas projects in operation or under construction to ‘21. All told, our nuclear units produced about 50 million-megawatt hours of low-cost zero-carbon baseload power. That’s roughly 40% of our total generation production as a company. Our fleet’s performance continues to be exemplary, especially in periods of extreme weather, during which our stations provide vital stabilizing support to the grid and price stability in their respective regions. Our power purchase agreement in Connecticut saved customers nearly $300 million. In summary, the regulated decarbonization and resiliency investment opportunity that we’ve outlined on previous earnings calls will continue to play a key role in driving the long-term growth of the Company for years to come. Before transitioning to comments on the business review, let me also highlight progress around our sustainability goals. I’m pleased to report that through 2021, we’ve reduced Scope 1 carbon emissions from our electric operations by 46% since 2005 and Scope 1 methane emissions from our gas operations by 38% since 2010. Notwithstanding the strong performance, we recognize the need to look holistically at our company’s footprint, which is why during 2022, we expanded our net zero commitment to include all Scope 2 emissions and the material categories of Scope 3 emissions. These new commitments align with our focus on helping our customers and suppliers decarbonize. Finally, we increased the diversity of our workforce to 37%, an increase of nearly 4 percentage points since 2019, while also increasing our procurement spend with diverse suppliers to over $1.3 billion, representing 17% of our supplier spend, an increase of 4 percentage points since 2019. Now, let me turn to the top-to-bottom business review. I’m leading the effort with support from the full management team and in frequent consultation with our Board. We’re devoting all necessary resources to ensure that we thoroughly and methodically review every aspect of our business. When we announced the review in November, I indicated that we would be guided by the following principles as shown on slide 5. A commitment to our state-regulated utility profile with an industry-leading investment opportunity focused on decarbonization and resiliency; a commitment to our current dividend; a commitment to our current credit profile; and a commitment to shareholder value enhancement and to transparency. None of those principles have changed. We are proceeding with pace and purpose. And as a result, we’re able to provide additional commentary on how we believe we should optimally position Dominion Energy at the conclusion of the review, to create maximum long-term value for our shareholders. First, a focus on delivering durable, high-quality and predictable long-term earnings growth profile. We recognize the importance of executing consistently against any earnings guidance offered post review. Second, we believe it is critical to position our regulated utilities to earn a fair and competitive return on investment. We know that investors have choices about where they can confidently allocate long-term capital. Third, we know it is our responsibility to constantly look for ways to optimize the efficiency of our operations without losing sight of the absolute necessity of meeting high customer service standards. In recent years, we’ve driven down cost through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practice initiatives. We’ve included our O&M performance metrics in the appendix of today’s materials. As part of the review, we are evaluating what we can additionally do on costs within the context of the significant operational and cost efficiency we have achieved over the years. Fourth, we believe that our financial credit metric performance needs strengthening. We want to emerge from the review with the ability over time to consistently meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds even during temporary periods of cost or regulatory pressure. As part of the review, we’re analyzing the most efficient sources of capital to fund our growth programs while seeking to minimize any amount of ongoing external equity financing need. Finally, we believe it is important to affirm our commitment to the dividend. I’ll note here our announcement this morning that the 2023 dividend, subject to Board approval, will be equal to the 2022 dividend. We believe that it is important to achieve potentially over time and without reducing the dividend, a payout ratio consistent with our current 65% ratio. Since the announcement, we’ve spoken with hundreds of equity and fixed income investors and received valuable and direct feedback, much of which has affirmed our focus on these priorities. Investors have also understandably been focused on the go-forward earnings potential of the Company. Given that the review is still underway, we have and will continue to refrain from providing that guidance until the review is complete. I will say that the outcome will be informed by the principles and priorities I just outlined. We will continue to be deliberate in making ourselves available for input from the Company’s current and prospective capital providers. Let me now turn to address the Virginia legislative session. There is legislation pending that revises our regulatory model. In addition, there is legislation that would, subject to commission approval, provide for a passive equity partner in our offshore wind project. It is too early to predict the outcome of any legislation. We remain engaged with stakeholders in the process. In terms of timing, as shown on slide 6, the Virginia General Assembly is scheduled to adjourn on February 25th. The Governor then has until March 27th to sign, amend or veto legislation that has passed both chambers. In the case that the Governor amends or vetos a bill, the legislation returns to the general assembly for what is typically a one-day reconvened session on April 12th. At that time, the general assembly may vote to override a veto or accept or reject amendments proposed by the Governor. The Governor then has approximately 30 days to act on legislation that has been addressed in the reconvened session. Having a clear and definitive understanding of the future Virginia regulatory construct is a key input for the business review. Therefore, legislation timing will influence the cadence at which we’re able to share more details about the business review in the future. Steven will share some additional thoughts on investor communication in his prepared remarks. I know the business review is of paramount importance to our stakeholders. Let me reiterate my confidence that we’re executing a thorough, expeditious and comprehensive review with the goal of ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long-term value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. With that, I’ll turn it over to Stephen to address financial matters before I provide further business updates on the execution of our plan.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter 2022 operating earnings, as shown on slide 7, were $1.06 per share, which for this quarter represented normal weather in our utility service areas. These results were at the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. Positive factors as compared to last year were weather, normal course regulated growth, the absence of the Millstone planned outage, absence of last year’s COVID deferred O&M and tax timing. Other factors as compared to last year were interest expense and share dilution. Full year 2022 operating earnings per share were $4.11 per share, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range for the year. 2022 GAAP results were $1.09 per share. Here, I’d highlight one adjustment, which is described in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. In connection with the business review, management has reviewed the unregulated solar portfolio that reports to our contracted assets segment. These approximately 30 solar facilities, representing around 1,000 megawatts operate primarily under long-term power purchase agreements with third parties. Consistent with prior commentary, the Company no longer intends to invest in unregulated solar projects for purposes of generating investment tax credits or ITCs. As a result, the Company impaired the portfolio in the fourth quarter and recognized a noncash charge of $1.5 billion. Moving now to guidance on slide 8. Given the pending business review, we are not providing full year 2023 earnings guidance nor are we refreshing our long-term capital investment plans at this time. For the first quarter 2023, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.97 and $1.12 per share. Last year’s first quarter operating earnings were $1.18 and included $0.01 of benefit from weather. Positive year-over-year changes include growth in regulated investment, higher sales and higher Millstone margins. Negative changes include higher interest expense as a result of higher rates, as I will touch on more in a moment; lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market-based rates; a hurt from pension and OPEB as a result of 2022 asset performance; higher depreciation; the absence of solar investment tax credits; and O&M and tax timing. And just briefly as it relates to pension, I’d note that our pension funded status at year-end was 108%. Turning to slide 9, let me address electric sales trends. Weather-normalized sales increased 3.4% in 2022 as compared to 2021. Components of this growth include a slight decline for residential, as you would expect, with continued back to the office trend and higher growth for the commercial segment driven by data center customers in Virginia. For 2023, we expect to remain above our long-term demand growth assumption of 1% to 1.5% per year, as Bob will touch on more in a moment. Briefly on financing. Since our last call, we’ve bolstered our liquidity at DEI with an opportunistic long-term debt issuance of $850 million late last year and a 364-day term loan facility of $2.5 billion, which we closed last month. These financings provide incremental flexibility, including to address first quarter maturities, which are described in the appendix of today’s materials. We’ll refresh our financing plans pending the outcome of the business review. Let me share some color on two macro topics. First, higher interest rates. We maintain a level of floating rate, typically short-term debt at our holding company and operating segments, primarily to fund working capital as well as more permanent capital needs between long-term fixed rate issuances. This floating rate portfolio represents around 20% of our total debt or $8 billion. Since this time a year ago, we’ve seen our borrowing costs on this part of our capital structure increased by about 400 basis points. We will provide an update on rate assumptions, interest expense, hedging strategies and other mitigants when we conclude our business review. Another macro headwind is fuel costs. We have very clear cut pass-through mechanisms for fuel costs across all our utilities. We employ prudent hedging and mitigation strategies to keep fuel costs low while ensuring security of supply. In aggregate, as of December 31st, we have an under-collected balance of approximately $2.5 billion in fuel costs across the Company. We’ve included a slide in the appendix with these details. As we’ve discussed previously, we don’t want our customers to miss out on the significant long-term benefits of our decarbonization and resiliency investment programs as a result of temporary cost pressures such as fuel. We will continue proactively working with regulators to employ mitigation measures to keep any increase to customer bills as muted as possible. Turning now to credit, which Bob highlighted as one of our business review priorities. We continue to target high BBB range credit ratings for our parent company and single-A range ratings for our regulated operating companies. Over the last several years, we have taken steps to position Dominion Energy as an increasingly pure-play, state-regulated utility with a differentiated clean energy transition profile. And as a result, we’ve improved our business risk profile. Despite this meaningful qualitative improvement, our Moody’s published CFO pre-working capital to debt, one of the primary quantitative metrics used to determine our credit rating, has underperformed our downgrade threshold for the last several periods. Moody’s has indicated publicly that under the status quo, they expect that underperformance to persist. Living consistently below our downgrade threshold is not a place we want to be. As Bob mentioned, we want to emerge from the review with the ability over time to consistently meet and exceed our downgrade threshold even during temporary periods of cost or regulatory pressure. Achieving and maintaining that will require a meaningful credit repair considering both the size of our balance sheet as well as the substantially elevated regulated capital investment over the next few years. Finally, as shown on slide 10, we intend to provide a business review update this spring with final timing to consider the status of the Virginia legislative process. We would expect to use that update to discuss any changes to the Virginia regulatory model as well as next steps as it relates to the business review. That meeting would be followed with an Investor Day in the third quarter that would include a comprehensive update of the business plan. I will now turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Let me turn to other business updates and the execution of our growth program. As I’ve discussed in previous earnings calls, the strength of our Virginia service area economy supports our robust capital investment programs at DEV. Two recent announcements have confirmed Virginia’s economic strength. First, PJM recently published its annual forecast of demand growth. The Dominion Zone continues to be the highest growth rate among all zones within PJM, covering 13 states in the District of Columbia. PJM projects the 10-year summer peak load to grow at a 5% annual rate. This growth, primarily driven by data center loads, which have been increasing at an unprecedented rate, will require significant new capital investment. Second, last month, Amazon announced its plans to invest $35 billion by 2040 to establish multiple data center campuses across Virginia. These new campuses will combine expandable capacity to position Amazon for long-term growth in Virginia and create an estimated 1,000 jobs. Data centers currently represent about 20% of our total sales in Virginia and have provided strong sales growth to date, a trend supported by these two announcements we certainly expect to continue. Our work continues to advance projects to bring both new and upgraded infrastructure to enable the continued connection and expansion of data center customers. For example, we filed for a new 500 kV transmission line with the SCC with an expected in-service date of late 2025. The submission included around $700 million of capital investment. Turning to offshore wind on slide 12. In December, the SCC approved the cost sharing settlement agreement developed in collaboration with key stakeholders, including the Office of the Attorney General and other parties. We’re very pleased to be extending our track record of constructive regulatory outcomes. As it relates to the project execution, it’s very much on track and on budget. We have continued to work closely with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and other stakeholders to support the project’s time line. In particular, we received the draft environmental impact statement, which started the 36-day public comment period that will close later this month. The draft, DEIS, was thorough and contained no surprises. Public hearings have already taken place, and we continue to work collaboratively with BOEM and all of the cooperating agencies. Advanced engineering and design work, which has allowed us to release major equipment for fabrication in advanced procurement and other preconstruction activities for the onshore scope of work. Project costs, excluding contingency, are currently 80% fixed and we continue to expect about 90% of the project costs, excluding contingency, will be fixed by the end of the first quarter. We remain on schedule to complete construction of the project by the end of 2026. We expect the EIS record of decision in late October of this year, slightly later than expected because of the DEIS timing, but still in support of our current project schedule. Next, our Jones Act-compliant turbine installation vessel is currently 65% complete. We continue to expect it to be in service for the 2024 turbine installation season. Turning to other business updates on slide 14. As part of our ongoing resource planning, Dominion Energy South Carolina is replacing several of our older generation peaking turbines with modern, more efficient units. These peaking units which often operate seasonally during certain times of day when the demand for energy is at its highest, play an important role in our generation fleet with their ability to go from idle to producing energy quickly. Modernizing this equipment will lower fuel cost to customers, improve environmental performance and provide reliability and efficiency benefits. These important resources are also critical to support the grid as solar continues to be added to our system. Construction activities will begin later this year for two of the facilities and the all-source RFP for a third facility is on track. On the regulatory front, we filed our 2023 IRP last month. Our preferred plan continues to be indicative of the potential for accelerated decarbonization and assumes all coal-only units are retired by the end of the decade. We look forward to engaging with all stakeholders on this planning process. Next, at our gas distribution business, we continue to see strong support for timely recovery on prudently incurred investment that provides safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable service including pipeline replacement efforts and expansion of service to rural communities. For example, in December, the Public Service Commission of Utah approved a general rate increase of $48 million, and an allowed ROE of 9.6%. In this constructive outcome, they also approved the continuation of the infrastructure replacement tracker programs and the costs related to our natural gas storage project in Utah, Magna LNG, which was placed in service at the end of last year and will be used to meet system reliability for customers’ gas supply in the Salt Lake City area. On RNG, we remain one of the largest agriculture-based RNG developers in the country. We have six projects producing negative carbon renewable natural gas and 15 additional projects in various stages of development. We’re also reviewing potential tax benefits available to RNG through the inflation Reduction Act. When we launched this business, we did so on the strength of the underlying project economics, and the very robust decarbonization benefit of agricultural renewable natural gas. Those investment criteria have not changed. If the projects are deemed eligible for tax incentives, we would expect to capture that value on behalf of our shareholders. With that, let me summarize our remarks on slide 15. Safety remains our top priority as our first core value. We delivered 2022 financial results that were in line with our guidance range. We continue to aggressively execute on our decarbonization and resiliency investment programs to meet our customers’ needs while creating jobs and spurring new business growth. Our offshore wind cost sharing settlement agreement was approved, which allows the project to continue moving forward on schedule and on budget. And the top to bottom business review is proceeding with pace and purpose. I am focused on ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. With that, we’re ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just starting, Bob, with the business review priorities you kind of discussed in the prepared remarks and you kind of laid out on slide 5, specifically kind of on the dividend comment. Could we maybe try to parse through the awards here a little more closely? I mean, obviously, we understand that you guys are holding the dividend at the current level for obvious reasons and that’s obviously consistent with your support for the dividend. But I guess, what is the language around quote unquote potentially over time mean as we think about the payout ratio bounds in the near term. I guess, what do you mean by potentially? Could this mean a faster or slower trajectory to get to the 60% range? I mean, we’ve received a lot of inbounds on these three words. So, any sort of visibility you could provide would probably be a reprieve.
Bob Blue: Yes, sure. Shahriar, I appreciate that. As we said in our prepared remarks, slightly more detailed than on the slide. Our current payout ratio of 65%, to the extent that that were to go up, our expectation and plan would be to return to 65% without cutting the dividend. That’s consistent with what we said when we announced the review. We’re doing a business review right now. So, I can’t answer exactly what the payout ratio might end up. But if it is above 65%, our expectation is to get it back to 65%, without cutting the dividend.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. I guess, we’ll wait for additional color there. And then, Bob, you took large impairment on the solar projects. I understand the test was triggered by the decision to not stay on the investment ITC recognition hamster wheel. But what part of the impairment test did you actually fail?
Steven Ridge: Shahriar, hey, it’s Steve. I can take that. So just to be specific, this has to do with our contracted assets solar portfolio. And there were really two primary purposes for the development of the portfolio. The first was to develop expertise in developing solar so we could employ that expertise credibly across our regulated footprint, which is what we’re doing right now. So, in effect, that task has been completed. The second was to generate investment tax credits. We believe given the attractiveness of our decarbonization and resiliency capital investment opportunity, the capital we’ve used in the past to generate those ITCs can be employed elsewhere to greater long-term shareholder benefit. So, the first sort of gating decision was, are we going to continue to invest in that portfolio for purposes of generating ITC? And the answer we’ve said is no. That led to a subsequent impairment test, where we looked at the carrying value or book value and we compared it to a series of discounted and non-discounted cash flows consistent with accounting guidance and ultimately determined that the fair market value was lower than the carrying value, and that led to the impairment.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Got it. That’s helpful. And then just really quick lastly for me. Just from a legislative process standpoint, I guess, how should we think about the likelihood of slippage into a reconvened session? I mean, put differently, if you had firm clarity on March 27th, could we see the schedule accelerate? Thanks.
Bob Blue: Shahriar, it’s Bob. It’s way too early to predict what the timing of the Virginia General Assembly and any action on any particular bill, including ones that relate to us, may be. As we laid out in our prepared remarks, the general assembly is scheduled to adjourn on the 25th of February. And then the Governor -- bills go to the Governor at that point, or earlier once they’ve passed. And bills that arrive on the Governor’s desk with fewer than 7 days left in the legislative session, the Governor has 30 days to act on those bills. If he chooses to propose an amendment or veto a bill, then the general assembly, as you noted, comes back for a one-day reconvened session, and then they address those gubernatorial actions. So, I can’t give you any more clarity because we don’t know what the time frame on the general assembly may be. Once we do know something, that will allow us to address our own schedule.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So just first on the credit comment. Could you -- you say you’re kind of both targeting high-BBB, but then also seem to imply kind of targeting above current thresholds, which I think your ratings are mid-BBB at the parent. So, could you just clarify, are you targeting the mid-BBB and above that? Are you targeting high-BBB because that’s a big difference?
Steven Ridge: Yes. Hey Steve, this is Steve. I’ll take that one. So, on an issuer rating, we’re actually high-BBB at two of the three rating agencies. At Moody we’re BBB. Our objective is to maintain those targeted rating categories, and the downgrade thresholds, at least at Moody’s associated with that is 14% on the down and 17% on the up. As we mentioned in the call script, we intend to meet and exceed that downgrade threshold even in times of temporary pressures from cost like fuel costs and regulatory adjustments. And that has been one of the drivers of our underperformance historically relative to our downgrade threshold. So, we’re still targeting high-BBB. It’s where we are on two of the three agencies from an issuer rating perspective. And the appropriate downgrade threshold, at least from the Moody’s perspective, is 14%.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So, for the senior unsecured rating, which we typically use, that would be mid-BBB?
Steven Ridge: Depending on the specific methodology -- but, yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So you’re basically targeting the ratings you’re currently at, not a higher rate in your current...
Steven Ridge: That’s right.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on the payout comment, just to maybe clarify that a little better, which I know at this point in the process is purposely probably -- purposely vague. Is it fair to say you’re saying that in the likely outcome your payout ratio will be above the 65% for a period of time, and then you’ll obviously get back and target to that?
Bob Blue: Yes. Steve, it’s -- I apologize for not giving you a specific answer. But what we’re saying is, to the extent that the payout ratio changes as a result of the review that if they’re -- an obvious point, if our EPS changes as a result of the review and the dividend remains constant as we have said it will, that changes the payout ratio. And what we’re indicating is if there is a change in the payout ratio, we’re going to get back to it, but without reducing the dividend. That’s the point that we’re attempting to make here.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But that’s more still kind of hypothetical or theoretical for now, it’s not the likely outcome…
Bob Blue: Correct. We’re in a business review. And as we have indicated in prior calls and this call as well, we don’t yet know what the outcome of that business review will be. So yes, it’s hypothetical as a good way of describing it.
Steve Fleishman: And then just lastly, the time line, the over time, is there any like time line for the over time?
Bob Blue: Again, we can’t set that until we’re finished with the review. So not yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to pivot a little bit, if I could, towards Millstone here, interesting backdrop here. Just wondering if you could provide us updated thoughts, what’s the status of state regional discussions around Millstone, how you’re thinking about locking in more of this market upside to the asset?
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. As we’ve talked about before, we believe Millstone is a great asset, and we believe the policymakers in New England are recognizing increasingly its value for them to meet reliability and any chance to meet the kinds of decarbonization targets that they may have. Our focus is thinking about ways that we can ensure the long-term viability of Millstone. And we’re happy to have conversations with policymakers about opportunities to do that. As we noted in our opening comments, the existing Millstone contract has been very good for customers in Connecticut in recent months and over the last year. We see the possibility of being able to take action with policymakers to give us the certainty we would need in order to extend the life of Millstone and have that valuable resource for New England for some time to come. We don’t have as yet a specific approach to that. But we’re certainly interested in engaging with policymakers on that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And then kind of switching gears and realize I’m at risk of putting the horse ahead of the cart here. But as it relates to potential asset sales, was just wondering, does the solar impairment kind of a tip that you might look to sell this asset as part of the business review. And I guess, we’re at with news out of Black Hills this morning with regards to their thoughts on LDC sales. And so I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on what could potentially be or what could be prioritized in the sale process if you chose to do that?
Bob Blue: Jeremy, I would say that as part of the review, we’re looking at each and every one of our assets and Consistent with the priorities and principles that we’ve laid out on today’s call and supplement to what we provided on the third quarter call. That’s what will inform our ultimate steps as it relates to the business review to the extent that there is changes to business mix, which is, again, something we’re evaluating as part of review, but no decisions have been made. So, we’ll look at everything dispassionately to position the Company to provide the greatest long-term value to shareholders.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And just a real quick last one, if I could. If you might be able to kind of parse more finally what we might expect on 2Q business review update versus the 3Q Investor Day? Is the 2Q update really just an outcome of the Virginia legislation or potentially more updates on other elements of the plan?
Bob Blue: Let me do it from the reverse perspective, which is the Investor Day, we intend to provide a comprehensive business and financial update. It will effectively be at the conclusion of the review process. The spring update, which is going to coincide with timing around the Virginia legislative session, will give us an opportunity to comment on what, if any, changes occurred during the session that would impact Virginia, what our perspective is on that, and how that informs the appropriate next steps of the business review.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just, Steve, I think this may be in your wheelhouse. I just wanted some clarification on the impairment. And then how does it impact your base earnings? So, I know like that could impact your future earnings if you decide not to invest, I guess, that’s what you’re suggesting. But when I look at the Q1 ‘23 to Q1 2022 bridge on slide 8, there is a down arrow because of solar ITC. So, I’m just -- is there -- does the impairment impact your ongoing base business earnings?
Steven Ridge: No. So, the impairment doesn’t change the revenue we generate under those existing PPAs. The impairment does have a slight impact on the depreciable life, because -- or the depreciation rather than the depreciable life, because the carrying value is now lower than previously assumed. The bridge is something different. The bridge, when we refer to that ITC, solar ITC, it’s effectively the lack of solar ITCs, consistent with the comments we’ve made on this call and previously with regard to pivoting that capital allocation elsewhere in our business. So, it’s effectively simply saying that a year ago, we would have had some solar ITC in earnings this quarter this year, we do not have that. So, the impairment is a different. It doesn’t have any impact on that bridge.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So basically, Q1 ‘23 over Q1 ‘22 is really lack of new solar ITCs, right?
Steven Ridge: That’s right. It’s about $0.04.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks. And then just one quick bookkeeping question. The Q2 time line that you mentioned for the business review update, is that the Q1 call, or like are you going to do another meeting or 8-K? Just any thoughts around that?
Bob Blue: It will depend a little bit on the timing, Durgesh. We do typically have our first quarter call in early May. It may coincide, it may not. That won’t keep us from sort of advancing the discussion around the business review when we have the information necessary to actually have that discussion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: Just a couple of things to clean a couple of things up, and I apologize, the call cut out, if this is already answered. But the cap -- the go-forward CapEx that you had had associated with sort of that competitive solar adjustment. Can you sort of scale that for us and sort of the cash that you wouldn’t be spending into that going forward?
Bob Blue: Yes. Ross, that’s on the order of about $800 million.
Ross Fowler: Okay. And then, sort of a bigger picture question following on to Jeremy’s question, and I appreciate the fact that you’re in a strategic review at the moment. But just maybe even anecdotally, Bob, as you look at this, you -- I think Steve made some comments around the need for significant balance sheet repair, if we’re going to get above that 14% -- meaningfully above that 14% FFO to debt ratio. I think dividend [ph] cut is clearly off the table, given your comments, but could you maybe prioritize other options, even just anecdotally in your mind at this point as to how you sort of get back to that level?
Bob Blue: Yes. The best priority I could give you is that our objective, as we have already described is to strengthen the balance sheet, with the goal of using the most efficient sources of capital without -- with the ability to minimize external equity needs. Beyond that, Ross, we’re doing a review of every line of business. And once we’re finished with that, we’ll be able to outline the ways that we will go about addressing the balance sheet.
Ross Fowler: Okay. I appreciate that, Bob. And then 2023 guidance, I think your comments were that you’re just -- you’re not going to provide it sort of for the full year given the strategic review. So, is that just should we expect sort of quarterly guidance going forward as we walk through the year? And can we kind of use Q1 guidance where we’re at as sort of a starting point status quo guidepost, and then make our own assumptions around where the strategic review lands to sort of get ourselves to a 2023 or 2024 number, or how should we think about that going forward?
Bob Blue: Ross, I anticipate we’ll be providing quarterly guidance as we go through the year. With regard to using our first quarter guidance as a guide, I would just say there’s a couple of things. On our third quarter call, we provided a pathway to our 6.5% growth in 2023, much of that’s not changed. There’s a couple of changes that you’ll -- that have impacted the first quarter. One is we walk through as much as $0.30 of solar ITCs. We’ve obviously made a comment about that. And it’s the lack of -- the run rate as well as the lack of the incremental is reflected in the first quarter. The other major change -- really the only other big change besides a little bit of tax timing in the first quarter that we wouldn’t -- we’d expect to balance out through the remainder of the year is interest rates, which effectively in the guide we gave on the third quarter call, suggested that interest rates up 2% to 3%. That was a $0.13 to $0.19 hurt or about $0.15 at the midpoint. Those rates have now gone about 4%, which takes that sort of 15-ish midpoint to more like $0.30. So the combination of the lack of solar plus the incremental headwind with interest rate is what informs the first quarter. I would note that over time, we expect that interest rate headwind to ameliorate as I think most people do, unsure exactly what the timing of that will be. But that should be somewhat temporary.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I’ll turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Bob Blue: Thanks very much. We appreciate it, and we’ll talk to you at our next call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will be -- we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides, as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer; and other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We delivered strong third quarter results and are well positioned to meet our expectations for the year. We also have been steadily executing on our investment programs focused on decarbonization. This successful execution is already benefiting our customers, communities, the environment and our investors. I'll begin with safety. Through September, our OSHA recordable rate was 0.53, which remains low relative to our historical levels and substantially below industry averages. We take pride in our relentless focus on safety, and it is the first of our company's core values. Next, I'd like to provide some context to our announcement this morning of our initiation of a top-to-bottom business review, with the goal of ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. In recent years, we've taken a series of strategic steps, both through M& A and through the capital allocation decisions to materially increase the state-regulated profile of our business. Our strategy remains anchored on this pure-play, state-regulated utility operating profile that centers around premier states that share the philosophy that a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation prioritizes safety, reliability, affordability and increasingly sustainability. These states also strive to create environments that promote sensible economic growth, which, like the rising tide, lifts all boats. Our state-regulated utility model offers investors long-term earnings visibility and is enhanced by our concentration in these fast-growing constructive and business-friendly states. To state the obvious, we're monitoring what's going on in the broader economy. Like everyone, we're seeing inflation, supply chain limitations and higher fuel prices, all having an impact on customer rates and our balance sheet strength. We're keenly aware of the economic pressures that are affecting our customers and taking seriously our core mission to deliver reliable, affordable and clean energy to our customers, while creating value for our shareholders. So far, our company has navigated this new environment well. Our safety and reliability metrics have remained strong. As we steadily execute on our industry-leading decarbonization investment programs, we must provide energy that is affordable. We're, therefore, proud that residential rates at our electric utilities remain well below state and national averages. We've also found creative approaches to provide customer relief. I'll recap a few recent examples. First, we supported legislation in Virginia, which gave customers a fresh start by forgiving $200 million of customer arrears in the depths of the COVID crisis. We also agreed to more than $11 million of forgiveness in South Carolina. Second, we elected to recover $200 million through base rates currently in effect in connection with the suspension of Rider RGGI, as Virginia works towards its exit from that program. Lastly, we voluntarily agreed in Virginia to spread the recovery of the under-recovered fuel balance over a three-year period to reduce the effect on customer bills. And we have done all of these things, while moving forward with our growth plan and delivering results that met our financial guidance, just as we did again this quarter. As you can tell, I'm very proud of these accomplishments, and thank all my Dominion Energy colleagues who contributed to these successes. But our work is far from done. There are two drivers behind today's announcement of a review: one, enhancing shareholder value; and two, ensuring the sustainability of the long-term scope and duration of our regulated de-carbonization investment opportunity. First, enhancing shareholder value. We've been delivering industry-leading safety and reliability performance, executing on our sizable investment programs, achieving regulatory outcomes that are constructive and delivering results that have met our financial guidance. Yet, our relative share price performance has not met our expectations, including over the past several years as we've been successfully executing our plan. While I'm confident in our state-regulated utility strategy, and I would add that, feedback I get from our investors, almost unanimously supports our strategic direction, I believe now is the right time to initiate this review. And second, our company has sizable investment opportunities, focused on de-carbonization and reliability that extend well beyond our five-year plan, in fact, well into the next decade. These customer beneficial programs are part of our diverse energy generation and methane reduction strategies to deliver clean energy, while simultaneously meeting the need for affordable and reliable energy grids, and gas distribution networks. However, we need to ensure that near-term economic and customer bill pressures don't preclude the full realization of that energy transition, and related long-term capital investment. These two drivers led me to initiate this review of potential value maximizing strategic actions of alternatives to our current business mix and capital allocation, and if any regulatory options, which may assist customers to manage costs, and provide greater predictability to our long-term state-regulated utility value proposition. A few guiding principles for this review. We're committed to our state-regulated utility profile, with an industry-leading investment opportunity focused on de-carbonization. We're committed to our current credit profile and to our dividend. And we're committed to shareholder value enhancement and to transparency. Of course, we're constantly evaluating our business mix to make sure, we're maximizing shareholder value. However, as we carefully weighed our continued relative share price performance in the past several years, as well as the implications of the current macroeconomic environment, we determined that this more formal and thorough review is the right step at the right time. So let me address what I expect maybe natural questions relating to this review. One, the scope; two, timing of milestones; and three, the impact to our financial plan. First, what is the scope of this review? I've tasked our team with reviewing each of our businesses to examine opportunities that would improve long-term shareholder value relative to the status quo. This includes a review of where we have capital invested in businesses, which may be considered non-strategic, or which simply may be worth more to others than they are within our current regulated business profile. We'll also take a hard look at all options to help our customers manage costs and that provide greater predictability to our long-term state-regulated utility value proposition. We remain focused on the customer impact and advocate for energy policy that provides an affordable clean energy transition and long-term predictability for our state-regulated utilities. Next, what do we expect in terms of timing and milestones? Our team is already getting to work. We expect to share updates on our fourth quarter earnings call in early 2023 and plan to hold an Investor Day later in the year to update stakeholders more fully on our plan in the key value drivers of each of our business segments. Finally, what's the impact to our financial plan and guidance? We're reaffirming our 2022 financial guidance. No changes from prior communications, other than a narrowing of our annual EPS guidance range, given where we are in the calendar year. For 2023, we see paths to achieving our existing targets, as we expect we could overcome the macroeconomic challenges with increased unregulated investment activities and other initiatives. However, these non-regulated earnings drivers, among other parts of our business, are subject to the review we announced this morning. So I would caution that outcomes consistent with our existing guidance are only achievable in a status quo result to our review. While we are, therefore, not changing our guidance today, we are indicating that the results of this review may very well lead to different outcomes, qualitatively and quantitatively of our long-term earnings growth, again, other than in that status quo result to our review. What is not likely to result, however, is a change to the core earnings growth driver of this company, the continued execution of what we view as an industry-leading, highly visible, regulated decarbonization growth capital investment opportunity. And to reiterate, we are not reviewing options which would negatively affect our current dividend. A little more color on the way we think about potential outcomes of this review and to overcoming the headwinds I have noted. We, of course, expect to consider all potential levers we have, which could mitigate any impacts to our financial plan. First, we would look to O&M management, where we've created material value for our customers and shareholders, and as Jim will talk about more in a minute. So there's some potential in that area, but not likely a game changer, given what we've already been doing. Next, we would also continue our efforts to efficiently review capital allocation, given our robust regulated growth programs, while also carefully considering the customer rate impacts of doing so. As part of this more formal review, however, we will undertake analysis to find the most efficient sources of capital to fund our most attractive utility growth programs, all while considering many factors in the best interest of our EPS growth and credit profile. In summary, our team has continued to deliver in the key areas of safety and reliability, our long-term scope and duration of our regulated decarbonization investment opportunity is very much intact, and we're on track to deliver against our goals for 2022. We offer an attractive state-regulated decarbonization investment profile, with operations and growth opportunities focused within premier states with constructive regulatory regimes. However, given our continued relative share price performance and the macroeconomic challenges, we think that this top-to-bottom review is the right approach at the right time to ensure we're best positioned to maximize long-term value for our shareholders. Now I'll turn to other business updates. Turning to slide six, let me start with Dominion Energy Virginia. Last week, we announced a settlement agreement in our petition to the SEC to reconsider the performance guarantee included in its August order in conjunction with the Office of the Attorney General and other parties. The agreement provides a balanced and reasonable approach that allows the project to continue moving forward to meet the Commonwealth's public policy and economic development priorities and the needs of our customers. If approved, significant customer benefits include protection from unforeseen increases in construction costs above the project's budget and enhanced SEC review of performance in lieu of a performance guarantee. We look forward to a decision from the SEC later this year. Let me now turn to execution of that project, where we have further mitigated some of the project's development risks that strengthen our confidence of remaining on time and on budget. We have continued to work closely with Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and other stakeholders to support the project's time line, as we continue to expect to receive a draft environmental impact statement by the end of the year. Advanced engineering and design in preparation of immediate release of major equipment for fabrication, advanced procurement and other preconstruction activities for the onshore scope of work, and completed independent project review and construction readiness assessment, along with a comprehensive assessment of scheduling costs. Development of the project has continued uninterrupted to maintain the project schedule,; and we expect over 90% of the project costs, excluding contingency, to be fixed by the end of the first quarter 2023 at the latest as compared to about 75% today, further derisking the project and its budget. As I have mentioned before, offshore wins, economic development and jobs benefits are transformative for Eastern Virginia and the rest of the Commonwealth, including its diverse communities. CVOW could create over 2,000 direct and indirect jobs during construction and operations, while attracting companies to make investments in Virginia, making it a hub for offshore wind. For example, upgrades have recently commenced at the Portsmouth Marine Terminal, where we've leased 72 acres for staging and preassembly of foundations, transition pieces and wind turbines. Lastly, our Jones Act compliant turbine installation vessel is currently over 60% complete. We continue to expect it to be in service ahead of the 2024 turbine installation season. Turning to other notable DEV updates on Slide 9, we made our third clean energy rider submission. The filing included 10 solar and energy storage projects, and represented around $1.3 billion of utility-owned and rider-eligible investment, further derisking our growth capital plan. We expect to receive an order from the SEC in the second quarter of 2023. On data centers, as I mentioned on our second quarter earnings call, we're actively working on a variety of solutions to serve as much of the increased demand as possible, while we work to accelerate transmission solutions to ensure a safe and reliable grid. Last week, we filed for a new 500 kV transmission line with the SCC with an expected in-service date of late 2025. The submission included around $700 million of capital investment. Turning to other business updates on Slide 10. At Dominion Energy South Carolina, our crews worked around the clock in response to Hurricane Ian. More than 110,000 Dominion Energy customers in South Carolina lost power at the peak of the hurricane after it made landfall, with up to 85 miles per hour wind and dumped heavy rain across the low country and other parts of our service area. And through the 18 hours, the company had significantly reduced that number to approximately 15,000. The efficient restoration process was possible because of year-round preparation through a proactive vegetation management program, which includes safeguarding overhead electric lines from hazardous trees and vegetation. I'm proud of the way our team members responded on behalf of our customers. And on the regulatory front, last month, we filed our 2022 IRP update. Our preferred plan is indicative of the potential for accelerated decarbonization and assumes all coal-only units are retired by the end of the decade. We look forward to engaging with all stakeholders on this planning process. At Dominion Energy Utah, we will complete the testimony and hearings phases in our rate case in the next few weeks. We expect an order from the commission by the end of the year, and new rates to be effective in January of next year. And as it relates to our already industry-leading agricultural-based renewable natural gas platform, we're pleased to update our expanding project backlog. Of the four projects currently producing negative carbon renewable natural gas, one is in service and three are in the commissioning phase. We also have 11 projects in various stages of construction, and expect to start construction on five new projects by year-end. Looking ahead, we now have visibility on $1 billion of potential growth capital investments in this area from 2023 through 2026. Obviously, we're very much on our way toward our goal of investing up to $2 billion by 2035. We see the potential for additional increases to the long-term backlog. Before I summarize my prepared remarks and turn it over to Jim, I'd like to make a few comments about the organizational change we announced this morning. Steve Ridge, who currently leads our Western Natural Gas Distribution Operations, will be promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Jim. After nearly a decade in Energy Investment Banking, Steve, who is here in the room with us today, joined Dominion Energy and has spent the last eight years in leadership roles in mergers and acquisitions, corporate strategy, financial management and Investor Relations. During much of that time, he worked closely with Jim and me, along with the rest of our senior leadership team. For the last year, he successfully been meeting our Western Gas operations, which serve nearly 1.2 million customers. He has a wealth of experience in finance, is well known to many of our investors and is a strong, capable leader. We're very fortunate to have him in this new role. Jim will be leaving the company to be Vice President and Treasurer at ExxonMobil. Jim is an exceptional leader and has been an extraordinary partner of mine. Jim played an instrumental role in our rapid transition to an asset mix largely defined by state-regulated utility operations and a capital plan aimed at decarbonization in support of public policy goals and our commitment to our customers, communities, the environment and our investors. We're very sorry to see him go, but we wish him good fortune in the next chapter of his career. In the interim, Jim will be helping make a seamless transition, including joining us at the upcoming EEI Financial Conference. Steve will be there as well, obviously. Steve will play a critical role in advancing our strategy of delivering value to our customers and shareholders. The depth of leadership of this company is impressive. Steve is a great example of that bench strength. And with that, I'll hand it over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Bob. Those are very kind words, and I really appreciate it. As I mentioned in our release this morning, I'm really grateful for having had the opportunity over nine years to work with just outstanding people here at Dominion. I'm proud of our accomplishments we made together. On behalf of this great companies, customers and shareholders, more accomplishment to come, of course. And as many of our investors already know very well based on their experience with Steve over the years, I'm definitely handing the CFO reins over to an incredibly capable person. So from one great company to another great company for me, but let's move on, and I'll recap what was a great quarter for Dominion. Our third quarter 2022 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 11, were $1.11 per share, which for this quarter represented normal weather in our utility service areas. These results were above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. Positive factors as compared to the third quarter last year include increased regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, sales growth and margins. Other factors as compared to the prior year include interest expense, tax timing and share dilution. Third quarter GAAP results of $0.91 per share reflect the non-cash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities, unrealized changes in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other adjustments. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of our earnings release kit. Turning now to guidance on slide 12. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.98 and $1.13 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year are expected to be returned to normal weather, normal course, regulated rider growth, sales growth, the absence of a Millstone planned outage, absence of last year's COVID deferred O&M and tax timing. Other factors as compared to last year are expected to be interest expense and share dilution. Given where we are in the year, we're narrowing our 2022 full year guidance range to $4.03 to $4.18 per share, preserving the same midpoint as our original guidance. Turning now to slide 13. Of course, the review that we announced this morning is still early, and all the details are still yet to come, but we've given you a sense of how we're thinking about the process. We expect to provide formal 2023 guidance on the fourth quarter call, which, like always, will include an annual guidance range to account for variations from normal weather. However, let me share some preliminary drivers for 2023 at this point. Positive factors as compared to 2022 are expected to be normal course regulated rider growth. Millstone margin and sales growth, which has been trending above our long-term target. We also have ample opportunities for unregulated investment in areas such as solar and RNG development. And a reminder that both of these areas qualify for ITC benefits under the Inflation Reduction Act. And we're also looking into additional O&M management options. Other factors as compared to 2022 are expected to be a second planned outage at Millstone, higher interest expense, share dilution and pension expense. Lastly, as it relates to the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act, we're continuing to review to see how quickly we can deploy options that are available to lower cost for customers over time. And I would remind you of the very detailed remarks I shared on our second quarter earnings call, so no changes from prior communications. I'd also note that assessing the impact is a difficult process as the treasury guidance and implementation process is still a moving target. So more to come here also. In summary, we see a path to achieving our existing guidance, but they are subject to the review. What is not likely to result, however, is a change to the core earnings growth driver of this company, the continued execution of our industry leading, highly visible, regulated, decarbonization growth capital investment program. I'll now turn to other financial highlights. Turning to slide 14. Let me address electric sales trends. Weather normalized sales increased 2.6% over the 12 months through September as compared to the prior year. Components of this growth include a slight decline for residential, as you'd expect with the continued back-to-work trend, and higher growth for the commercial segment driven by data center customers in Virginia. For 2022, we expect to remain above our long-term run rate of 1% to 1.5% per year. We've again provided demand related earnings sensitivities for our two electric utilities in today's appendix materials. Turning to slide 15, and briefly on O&M management. For perspective, we've highlighted our electric O&M management relative to peers over time. As Bob mentioned, we've created material value for our customers and shareholders in our O&M efforts, something we view as quite an accomplishment. As a reminder, our guidance assumes flat normalized O&M by driving down costs through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practice cost initiatives. It's a dynamic process. We very intentionally go through each of our segments, each of our assets, each of our locations to find opportunities to lean into technology, to improve business processes and to improve in areas like smart buying across our platform. As Bob mentioned, O&M is certainly an area where there is some potential to offset headwinds, but likely not a game changer given what we've obviously been doing already. Turning to Slide 16, we have shown how our floating rate debt and all fixed rate debt maturities over the next three years compares to peers. As you can see, our repricing exposure in this timeframe is very much in line with the peer average. Let me share some color on the way we think about the impact of rising rates on our business. First, we, of course, reflect market expectations, in our planning process and in guidance. We, of course, don't model just flat rates. More than 80% of our balance sheet is fixed rate and is long in duration, over 13 years in average tenure. Next, about 50% of our interest rate exposure, the same floating rate debt and all fixed rate debt maturities over the next three years is at our regulated utilities, where it is a cost of service. As a reminder, about 35% of our existing rate base and over 75% of our growth capital is rider eligible, which allows for timely annual true-ups. Looking ahead to future issuances of long-term debt, we manage that interest rate exposure through a variety of hedging and treasury activities, including through what is nearly $9 billion notional of interest rate hedges, which will help us keep future costs low at our parent company and at our regulated utilities. So what does that mean? That portfolio allows us to lock-in treasury rates for issuances between now and 2026 at rates almost as low as 1%. Lastly, a reminder that economic growth and inflation and higher interest rates are all part of the mix when it comes to determining authorized ROEs across our utility businesses and our periodic rate proceedings. So in summary, the current rate environment is dynamic, and we're monitoring it closely. At present, however, we're not seeing an earnings hurt from significantly higher interest rates so far this year, as higher rates thus far have generally been offset by the factors I just described. We will certainly provide an update on rates, interest expense, hedging strategies and other mitigants as we provide an update on our business review and guidance on our fourth quarter call early next year. Turning to Slide 17. Let me address customer bill. Based on data from the US Census Bureau, the share of our customers' wallet attributable to our utilities customer bill has declined over the years, a testament to our continued focus on delivering affordable energy to our customers despite an overall increase in household income during that time. I'd also note that our improvement in affordability has been tracking far better than national utility averages. Also as regards to the starting point for relative rates, we are proud to have rates today that remain well below the national and various regional averages. Now on Slide 18, fuel costs. As Bob mentioned, we are proactively working with regulators to help our customers manage costs. Of course, we've been very -- we have very clear pass-through mechanisms for fuel costs across all of our utilities, but let me share some color on where we stand right now. At our two electric utilities, we use a diverse portfolio to generate electricity. That includes many different sources of fuel and also our small but growing renewable fleet that, of course, does not incur fuel costs for our customers. Nuclear power currently represents about 40% of our generation portfolio. And as we grow our renewable fleet and add it to our nuclear fleet, our customers will benefit from carbon-free power at predictable and stable rates that are not exposed to fossil fuel markets and volatility. We also have long-standing risk mitigation strategies, including hedging and natural gas storage, with most fuel prices trued up to customer bills on a delayed basis, a structure which helps to smooth out the bill impact of commodity swings. In Virginia, we voluntarily agreed to spread the recovery of the under-recovered fuel balance over a three-year period to reduce the effect on customer bills. In South Carolina, we filed a mid-period fuel adjustment rather than our typical annual cadence to avoid a single significant customer bill increase in the future. If approved and submitted, our typical residential customer bill would increase by approximately 14%, and customers would see the increase in bills beginning in January of 2023. In our gas distribution service areas, we utilized storage capacity to offset peak day requirements and proactive gas supply hedging and contract strategies to help customers manage costs. In Ohio, where the majority of the gas is supplied through the third parties, access to storage and lower cost gas, plus fixed rate customer contracts, all help mitigate gas price exposure. In our Western states, our unique cost of service gas production also helps customers avoid price spikes. In aggregate, as of September 30, we have an under-collected balance of approximately $2 billion in fuel costs. We are working proactively with regulators to address these costs, and we'll continue to use these and other mitigation measures to keep any increase to customer bills as muted as possible. Okay turning to 19, and briefly on credit. We have positioned Dominion Energy as an increasingly pure-play, state-regulated utility, with the differentiated clean energy transition profile. Our efforts to improve our credit profile in recent years have significantly improved our financial and business risk profiles. This continued shift towards a regulated utility profile has resulted historically in the reduction of our credit metric downgrade and upgrade threshold. We've shown here how our credit metric upgrade and downgrade threshold at Moody's compares to our large-cap integrated peers. Of course, company-specific circumstances dictate threshold differences. Generally, those with lower downgrade thresholds have limited nonutility holdings, scale and diversity and are operating in attractive states with constructive regulatory relationships. We believe the agencies will continue to consider the intentional derisking of our business profile as they assess our credit going forward. Looking ahead, we expect our credit guidance will be unchanged. We target high BBB range at our parent and A range at our opcos. With that, let me summarize our remarks on slide 20. Safety remains our top priority and is our first core value. We delivered quarterly results that were above the midpoint of our guidance range. We narrowed the range of our 2022 earnings guidance and are on track to meet that guidance. We continue to aggressively execute on our decarbonization and investment programs to meet our customers' needs, while creating jobs and spurring new business growth. We filed a settlement agreement that provides a balanced and reasonable approach that allows our offshore wind project to continue moving forward on schedule and on budget. And we are pursuing a top-to-bottom business review, with the goal of ensuring that Dominion Energy is best positioned to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. Lastly, Bob, Diane, Steve, David and I, we all look forward to seeing many of you in person at the EEI Financial Conference in about 10 days. And with that, we're ready to take questions.
Q - Shar Pourreza: Hey good morning guys.
Bob Blue: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: First, congrats, obviously, to Jim and Stephen. I guess, this means Mr. Ridge's park city skiing days are over with, but congrats to both you guys. Bob, if you can maybe elaborate a little bit on your prepared remarks as you're looking at sort of a range of scenarios. I think many would assume you start with looking at a monetization of the contracted assets. But in our view, they're really not why you're trading at a discount or why the stocks underperformed, some would argue the performance maybe driven by local politics. I guess, could we see more drastic actions like divestitures where you would only focus on Virginia or even a sale of the company to really maximize shareholder value? I guess, what is this going to look like in the end? And it seems like an update in February is a very tight time frame. So I guess, are you really progressed in this process? Thanks.
Bob Blue: Yes, thanks, Shar. Let me take the last part of that first. This is not about corporate M&A, if that's what you're asking about. This is about a business review, a top-to-bottom business review as we made clear in our prepared remarks, looking at strategies that maximize value, business mix, capital allocation, all those kinds of things. And we're going to make decisions, as we would any strategic decision we make with respect to the company and what's in the best interest of our shareholders, of our employees and of our customers. Fundamentally, we took a look at how we're doing, how our share price is doing. And the market is telling us that, we're not performing the way investors expect. And so we think it merits a complete review from top to bottom. We're early in the process, and we're going to, obviously, in addition to shareholder value and our share price performance, be thinking about the macroeconomic environment we're in and making sure that we can deliver on our growth program to the level that we expect. So, we laid out in the opening remarks, and I'll just reiterate, as we're guided by our commitment to our state-regulated utility profile, to our credit profile and our current dividend and to transparency in ensuring shareholder value. So, as we thought about it, we could keep on the same course. As we said, we have a path to 2023. Some would suggest that doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result, doesn't make a lot of sense, or we could have just announced something. But we thought it made a lot more sense to announce that we're doing this review, get some shareholder input and figure out what's right for our shareholders, our employees and our customers going forward in the long run.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, Bob, just on the 6.5% growth rate you have out there. Obviously, you're implying on slide 13 in your prepared remarks that you could change the target pending the review. Obviously, the share price reaction this morning is implying cut in the growth rate. But could a scenario actually be accretive or even supportive of the target you have out there, especially if we assume the trend with privates and financial players, paying relatively healthy multiples for assets with proceeds you can redeploy organically at one-time rate base. I mean, does the deal need to be dilutive to growth? Are you concerned about the numbers?
Bob Blue: Yeah. We're obviously closer to the beginning of this process than the end. So we're going to have to work our way through, and see what the ultimate outcome is before I can comment on that, Shar. And I understand your interest in getting more clarity in that today. But until, we've done the process, that question is impossible for us to answer. Again, I would go back to the fact that we're very focused on earnings quality and earnings predictability. That's what our shareholders are telling us they want. That's what we're going to focus on as we're going through this review.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Terrific. Thank you, guys. I'll jump back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Fowler from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, Bob. Good morning, Jim.
Bob Blue: Good morning.
Ross Fowler: Maybe shifting to offshore wind, I'm sure there's going to be a lot of other questions on the strategic review, but just touching on offshore wind for a minute. As we look at slide 6 and then sort of slide 8 in the deck, I think getting the settlement done, obviously, it still needs to be approved. Is sort of shifts, investors' thoughts of risk from sort of that performance guarantee around capacity factor and now there's a shift to cost. So maybe you can frame the risk to cost from here given the cost sharing arrangement? And then the second sort of part of the question is you say 75% fixed as of today, and then working to that 90% in the first quarter next year. Can you kind of just give us some framework, what has fixed actually imply or mean? Is that locked and settled? Can that move at all? What we have there ex the contingency?
Bob Blue: Yeah. Let me start with the first part of your question. And as we said on the last call, the performance guarantee put a level of risk that our investors we knew would not find satisfactory, didn't make any sense. We've been focused on the cost of constructing this project from the very moment we conceived it. That's what we do. We built Cove Point on time and on budget, and we absolutely expect we're going to build this project on time and on budget the same way. And we're very advanced in the development here. And as you noted, and as we said in our opening remarks, 75% of costs fixed, expecting 90% by early in 2023. So we're very much on target. We're very comfortable with the estimates. The amount of contingency has actually increased since the time we filed, which gives us even more confidence. As we said in our opening remarks, we're working very well with the regulators, working our way through the environmental permitting process. So project is very much on track. We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to build it on time and on budget. And I'm going to ask Diane to walk through a little bit more detail on that.
Diane Leopold: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So let me just give a little bit more color to the different aspects of the project. Kind of as you walk through, the first thing would be permitting. And as Bob just said, we're working through the process of the draft environmental impact statement. It is on time to come out by the end of this year. And we're working closely with the regulators with DOM and with NOA in addressing issues as they come up to minimize any risk of schedule issues. And then I'd want to remind you, we really focused on derisking the schedule from the start by having two piling seasons, two construction seasons to put those monopiles down. So we don't even install the turbines until the second season. So that allows for derisking in the construction, and we look at that as we move forward with the project. The next are our vendors and our suppliers, and we picked the worldwide experts in the offshore wind industry to ensure that we weren't adding any risk in our contracting. And of course, they were fixed price contracts. And as we move through the pieces that were variable in the offshore were commodities and fuel, and that's where you see 75% fixed as of now. So as we're looking to continue to move towards fabrication, we have all the manufacturing slots nailed down, much of the steel plate has been ordered and deliveries have actually already started. In fact, fabrications for our offshore substations and our cables have already begun. So that's as you're seeing the 75% move to the 90%, that's what's going on. The mills are operational. Our vendors are not concerned with them shutting down due to fuel issues in Europe, anything like that. And as Bob said, as we've looked at the entire projects throughout this time, we've been able to preserve and even add to our contingency. So we're feeling very good about where we are. On the -- so I think I've really answered that additional question of ramping from 75% to 90%. It's really as we're getting those deliveries and locking in the remaining part of the metals and the fuel. And the final piece of moving from that 75% to 90% is on the onshore side, on that onshore transmission and locking in those contracts.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, Bob, maybe one for you on the strategic review, just following up to Shar's question on the growth rate. I'm trying to just sort of understand what you're trying to communicate there with a little more clarity. 6.5% was where you were, what you're saying for 2023, right, in the long-term growth rate. And you see a path to that today absent the strategic review. And I don't want to put words in your mouth here, but I think what I heard you say was the results of the strategic review could be to different outcomes in 2023. And then you have to think about what the long-term growth will look like after that. But your rate base growth at the regulated utilities is about 9%, which is higher than 6.5%, and so if that's your focus, I think that's a good thing. And I don't think you're saying here today that you're going to do things in the strategic review that are dilutive to value.
Bob Blue: Yeah. I think what we're saying, again, I know you're looking for certainty here, but it's early days and we're just getting started. So what we are focused on, you've correctly identified is regulated high quality earnings, predictable earnings going forward. How the numbers all settle out at the end of it, we'll report when that time comes. So that's why we're saying today, we have a path and a status quo scenario, but the outcome of the review could lead to different growth qualitatively and quantitatively.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Thank you. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Bob Blue: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. Hi, Bob. So just first on the status quo scenario. I think for 2023, you mentioned that you could do it, but you would need to do more unregulated investment. Could you just comment a little more on what you mean by that?
Bob Blue: Yeah. Let me get Jim to walk through the pieces and parts on that.
Jim Chapman: Yeah, Steve, let me go through it a little bit higher level than your specific question, but I'll address that, too. So what's going on with our guidance? So for 2022, I know it's not your question, but for 2022, we affirmed, we narrowed, we're on track, EPS and credit for 2022. For 2023, we never give forward year specific guidance on our third quarter call, and we're not doing it this time either. I'll come back and talk about that in some more detail though to give some color. And then for our long-term growth rate, we haven't changed it. We haven't withdrawn it. But as you noted, we also haven't explicitly reaffirmed it given the review. But we see these paths as we show on slide 13, path to achieving our long-term guidance and tools we have to overcome some of the macroeconomic headwinds that Bob mentioned with increased investment on the unregulated side and other initiatives. But some of those tools and businesses are the same ones that are subject to this review. Of course, everything is subject for review. So Bob, as he mentioned in his prepared remarks, cautioned that long-term outcomes consistent with our existing guidance are really achievable in the status quo result to the review. So anyway, long story short, that's the color on the 2022, 2023 and long-term. But on the slide 13, we give drivers for 2023 targets. So let me walk through and provide some detail on each line item that's in our path to make our 6.5% into 2023. So 4.10 for 2022, that's the midpoint of our guidance that we just narrowed then 6.5% of the simple math is, of course, implies and our consensus, analyst consensus is 4.37. So 4.10 to 4.37. And of course, there are some helps and some hurts to bridge that. So let's go through those as listed on that slide. Sales growth. Sales growth we talked about on the electric side is clipping along at a healthy rate, 1% to 1.5%, slightly higher on the data center side. But that financial impact, together with the impact of margin, is probably flat. And we've given some additional detail on margin dynamics, including Virginia, on slide 31. We're happy to follow up after the call and walk through all that. The combination of those two things, flat. Regulated investment, which we’ve talked about is the long-term earnings growth driver for this company, call it, $0.27 year-over-year. Rough number, $6 billion of growth CapEx, 50% equity ratio, 10% ROE across all our businesses. Millstone margins, $0.08 year-on-year, help. And here, too, we provided additional disclosure on page 32 of our hedging position for Millstone for the next several years, $0.08. ITC, an increase in ITC, we have opportunities to complete projects and increase our ITC contribution in 2023. That could be in solar, as we've been doing in mid-teens for years now, or it could be an RNG ITC recognition. So $0.05 to $0.11 as a placeholder. And for RNG, that would assume sort of $200 million to $400 million of projects reaching COD in 2023. Then other, the last help I mention, other. $0.17 to $0.20, a lot of things in there. It includes O&M initiatives. It includes regulatory outcomes, including in Utah, some help on the Wexpro side. RNG non-ITC contribution and other. But in that bucket, $0.17 to $0.20, 1/4 of that impact is just the regulatory outcome in Utah. And then some hurts that we have been mentioned, the double outage at Millstone every three years, like clockwork, $0.06. Interest expense, let's just take numbers from the outside looking in. We have a lot of tools at our disposal for hedging and more dynamic management of this. But if you just say, okay, almost 20% of your debt balance is variable. Let's just say, rates year-on-year are up 2 to 3 percentage points, that would be $0.13 to $0.19 of hurt, and then share dilution modest $0.03. Finally, pension we talked about. For most of this year, I've been saying, it's too early to talk about pension. Only one date matters in pension world for us, 12/31. But as we sit here in November, it's coming closer, so we can kind of put it in a box, and there's a headwind. Our assets are down like everybody, our discount rate is up 2.5% or so like everybody. The headwind from that is modest. We're putting it in the high single-digit pennies range, so $0.06 to $0.09. So those are views on one path we have to continue along the 6.5% growth rate through 2023 and formal guidance along with updates on the status of our review will come on the fourth quarter call.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Sorry, I have one other question. I didn't expect such a long answer, but that I was…
Jim Chapman: My last chance to talk to you for a while so…
Steve Fleishman: Yes. So just, I guess, this is a bit of an unorthodox way of going about something like this. But just to try to put some perspective on how you're looking at things in this review. What do you, Bob, and the Board think the reasons are the stock is underperforming? Do you think it's due to the small amount of remaining non-utility businesses, or is it really -- is it Virginia and the kind of unique structure there, some of the noise you had? Is it the offshore wind? Like what do you -- it's kind of hard to have a perspective on this review if we don't know what you think the reasons are.
Bob Blue: Yes, Steve, I think it could be a little bit of all of the above of what you just described. Maybe I'd phrase it a different way is, what investors are telling us they're looking for, what they're looking for is predictability. What they're looking for is earnings quality. They're looking for confidence in long-term growth. And so again, as we go through the review, those are the things that we're going to focus on to try to achieve for investors.
Steve Fleishman : Okay. I mean, obviously, by doing this, you've created more unpredictability. So it's got hard to -- it becomes kind of like a circular loop here.
Bob Blue: Steve, what I would say, maybe it's unorthodox, although I think other companies have announced reviews, maybe it's a little unorthodox. But again, as I talked about before, continuing to do the same thing we've been doing may well just end up in the same results that we've achieved before. And we're going to listen to the market. And we look forward to the opportunity to engage with investors and get their perspectives as we're working our way through this. Again, our goal with this is to land on an outcome that provides predictability and quality, and we want to do it in a very transparent fashion.
Steve Fleishman : Okay. Thank you
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi. Good morning.
Bob Blue: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi. I just want to continue with the review a bit here, if I could. I just wanted to see, maybe asking a little bit differently, what options might be off the table here, beyond the non-regulated businesses, could you look to sell some of the LDCs here and we've seen others in the space with a lot of success on this side? And then separately, just as it relates to the customer build pressures, as you said. If you could address what steps could be taken by Dominion to address that? And is there a way to address that, that isn't EPS or credit negative?
Bob Blue: Yes. So let me start with the first one, Jeremy, what's off the table versus what's on the table. And the answer to what's off the table is the same as the answer to what's on, which is we've kicked off a review, top to bottom, and again, guided by the principles that we described in our opening comments. And then on the second part of your question, sort of policy initiatives, we described examples of things that we have done in our states over the course of the last few years to help customers, whether it was forgiving arrears, recovering reg costs through base rates, spreading out fuel over multiple periods of time. As we work with policymakers and think through the most logical ways to assure that current customer bills don't get in the way of long-term customer investment, we'll be thinking about those same approaches that we've used in the past and making sure that we achieve constructive regulatory outcomes, which I think we've demonstrated over the course of many years we're very good at achieving here.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just pivoting, if I could here. Obviously, a lot of focus on the review, but just want to touch base on the R&D side and see what kind of new initiatives are there, or if you could just update us on your thoughts?
Diane Leopold: Good morning, Jeremy, this is Diane. So the backlog just continues. It's going very well. As Bob brought up, if you do the count, we have 20 projects underway right now, four producing, 11 under construction and five more to be in construction by year-end. And those that are producing are producing as designed, and we're seeing very strong CARB scores out of them. So just how carbon negative they are, just focusing on this ag RNG business in the dairy and the swine side. So we have invested or will have invested $1 billion in this and expected to produce somewhere in the range of about $200 million by 2025. So it's going very well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great. If I could sneak a last quick one, and just going back with the review here. Does the upcoming triennial impact your thought process at all here?
Bob Blue: No. Again, there are a lot of factors at play in our business and you can't identify any one of them. Where as we said, the focus is our share performance and what can we do to make sure we maintain our long-term capital investment programs.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thank you very much.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your line is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you like to as question. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Director of Investor Relations.
David McFarland: Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures -- financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We had another solid quarter and are well positioned to meet our expectations for the year. We're steadily executing on the largest decarbonization investment opportunity in the country, as outlined on our fourth quarter call in February. The successful execution of this plan is already benefiting our customers, communities, the environment and our investors. I'll begin with safety on Slide 4. Through June, our OSHA recordable rate was 0.52, which remains low relative to our historical levels and substantially below industry averages. We take pride in our relentless focus on safety, and it is the first of our company's core values. Now, I'll turn to updates around the execution of our growth plan. First, at Dominion Energy Virginia, our regulated offshore wind project development continues to be on schedule and on budget. On Friday, we received approval from the Virginia SEC for our rider and the CPCN for onshore transmission. The commission concluded that the project is in the public interest. And that our request for cost recovery associated with the project met all requirements as called for in the VCEA. We're continuing to review the specifics of the order, but we are extremely disappointed in the commission's requirement of a performance guarantee. While there are scant details, the order states the customer shall be held harmless for any shortfall in energy production below an annual net capacity factor of 42%, as measured on a three-year rolling average. You may recall that 42% is also our projected 30-year lifetime average net capacity factor, meaning, of course, that roughly half the time, it would be above that level and half below. Effectively, such guarantee would require DEV to financially guarantee the weather, among other factors beyond its control, for the life of the project. While no party opposed approval of the project, there were concerns raised regarding affordability and the financial risk to customers given a project of this magnitude. However, the commission's performance guarantee creates an unprecedented layer of financial one-way risk to DEV and is inconsistent with the utility risk profile expected by our investors. There are obviously factors that can affect the output of any generation facility, notwithstanding the reasonable and prudent actions of the operator, including natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, changes in law or policy, regional transmission constraints or a host of other uncontrollable circumstances. We believe the commission already settled this issue when it declined to adopt a performance guarantee for our Clean Energy 1 solar projects in 2021 after such a provision was proposed by SEC staff. In that case, the commission ordered that involuntary performance guarantees, already unprecedented and regulated utility generation, are not required for projects specifically contemplated within the framework of the VCEA and needed by law to meet the objectives and requirements therein. By applying the commission's own logic, the same outcome should be made here. And all of this is occurring at a time when fuel costs have increased dramatically, leaving renewable energy as one of the few ways to alleviate inflationary pressures on electricity prices. As shown on Slide 5, offshore wind is expected to save Virginia customers billions of dollars in fuel costs. It will also enable economic development opportunities through Hampton Roads and the Commonwealth. This project is a key component to a diverse energy generation strategy to meet the commonwealth's clean energy goals while simultaneously meeting the need for an affordable and reliable grid. For example, it is expected to provide customers over $5 billion in benefits on a net present value as compared to being dependent upon purchasing energy and capacity from the PJM market. In summary, we continue to believe this is an important and beneficial project for our customers. It also has significant stakeholder support. Nevertheless, the performance guarantee as outlined in the commission's order is untenable. We plan to actively engage with stakeholders on the unintended consequences of that provision and are reviewing all public policy options, including reconsideration or an appeal. So more to come here. We'll update you along the way. Turning to other notable clean energy investment updates on Slide 7. Last month, the Virginia SEC approved the settlement agreement for the nuclear subsequent license renewal rider filing. Nuclear life extension represents nearly $4 billion in capital investment through 2035. These Virginia units have performed exceptionally well for years, providing over 30% of our customers' energy needs and providing that energy at a low cost and with zero carbon emissions. Successful nuclear life extension is a win for our customers and the environment. On solar, our next clean energy filing will take place in the third quarter. We expect the filing to include about a dozen solar and energy storage projects. The filing will represent at least $1.5 billion of utility-owned and rider eligible investment, further derisking our growth capital plan provided earlier this year. Let me touch on the solar supply chain. As we've discussed on prior calls, there continue to be challenges. Supply is still tight and prices for certain components are still up. However, our plans remain largely derisked. As it relates to the Department of Commerce's anti-circumvention review, I would remind everyone of the detailed remarks I shared on last quarter's call. We remain focused on the customer impact and advocate for energy policy that provides for an affordable clean energy transition. Development since our last call only reinforced our confidence in our near-term and long-term development expectations. This past quarter, we received commission approval to suspend our Rider RGGI as Virginia works towards its exit from that program. We also received approval that RGGI compliance costs incurred through July 31 and not yet recovered, totaling approximately $180 million, we alternatively recovered through base rates currently in effect. These approvals provide a meaningful benefit to customer bills. Finally, last month, we reached a settlement agreement with the SEC staff on the fuel factor component in DEV's rates. The settlement includes our voluntary mitigation alternative to spread the recovery of the under-recovered fuel balance over a three-year period to reduce the effect on customer bills. If approved, this settlement, together with other recent rate revisions, represents an increase to the typical residential customers' monthly bill by approximately 7%. Turning to Slide 8. We're dedicated to the delivery of safe and reliable energy to our customers, which is also affordable. Based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, the share of our customers' wallet attributable to DEV's customer bill has declined over the years, a testament to the fact that DEV's rates have remained relatively stable despite an overall increase in household income during that time. Also, as regards to the starting point for relative rates, we're proud to have rates today that remain below the national and various regional averages. Based on EIA data, our rates, even after taking into account our most recent fuel filing, are 8% lower than the national average. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to offer a compelling value proposition to our customers, with the addition of zero fuel resources to support sales growth in our service area. As reflected on Slide 10, the share of our typical customer rate attributable to fuel is expected to decline, reducing our customers' exposure to future fuel cost fluctuations. By 2035, fuel is expected to be less than 10% of the total customer bill as compared to 25% of the total today. Our customers and our policymakers have made it abundantly clear. They want cleaner energy in a way that supports economic growth within our service area, and we're working to deliver those results. Let me now address data centers, which have provided strong sales growth in our service area to date, a trend we certainly expect to continue. Recently, we've been laser-focused on the potential for transmission constraints in a small pocket of Eastern Loudoun County, Virginia that could impact the pace of new connections for data center customers, which are shown on Slide 7. Let me share a few thoughts on: one, what has created this issue; two, what's being done to resolve it; and three, the impact to our long-term financial plan. First, what has created this issue? The data center industry has grown substantially in Northern Virginia in recent years. In aggregate, we've connected nearly 70 data centers with over 2,600 megawatts of capacity since 2019. This is roughly equivalent to over 650,000 residential homes. Data center volumes today represent about 20% of total sales in Virginia. Last year, this growth began to accelerate in orders of magnitude, driven by: one, the number of data centers requesting to be connected on to our system; two, the size of each facility; and three, the acceleration of each facility's ramp schedule to reach full capacity. For some context, a single data center typically has demand of 30 megawatts or greater. However, we're now receiving individual requests for demand of 60 megawatts or greater. After extensive discussions and exchanges of data with our team throughout 2021, PJM incorporated this step change in growth into its 2022 load forecast, as shown on Slide 12. In 2027 alone, it shows an increase in data center load of 2,600 megawatts, which represents a 12% increase as compared to the forecast just last year. To put that in perspective, that is equal to the entire installed capacity of our planned offshore wind project. This is an important step as the official PJM DOM zone load forecast is what governs all transmission planning and demonstration of need at both FERC and the Virginia State Corporation Commission. After reviewing existing load and contract commitments and validating the power flow models, we've identified the need to accelerate our previous plans for new transmission and substation infrastructure in this area of Eastern Loudoun County, bringing it forward by several years. To be clear, we're not at the limits of our facilities today, but we need to act now to alleviate transmission constraints in the future while serving our customers growth in this region. As delivering safe and reliable energy to our customers is our core mission, one that includes maintaining transparency, we're actively engaged with our customers and other stakeholders to communicate about this potential issue. This resulted in a pause on new data center connections while we work on solutions to alleviate the constraints as quickly as possible. For the avoidance of any doubt, transmission capacity is not constrained outside of this data center alley in Eastern Loudoun County nor our data center customers in other parts of our service territory impacted by this issue. Second, what are we doing to resolve the issue? We are actively working on a variety of potential solutions to serve as much of this increased demand as possible, while we work to accelerate transmission solutions to ensure a safe and reliable grid. This includes: reviewing the current capacity constraint analysis, including performing additional in-depth analysis substation by substation; engaging further with customers and other stakeholders on projects to pace new connections and ramp-up schedules; and reviewing a variety of technical alternatives to address areas of concentrated load. Based on the work and outreach done to date, it is clear that we will be able to resume new connections in the near term. But how much and how quickly is still being determined. The longer-term solution will absolutely require additional transmission infrastructure to be built. Among the needed additional infrastructure are two new 500 kV transmission lines into Eastern Loudoun County. We're working expeditiously with PJM, the SEC, local officials and other stakeholders to fast-track these along with several other critical projects in order to alleviate the constraints. In fact, we have already submitted plans for the first new 500 kV transmission line with an in-service target date of 2026 to PJM last week. And we plan to file for approval with the FCC in the coming weeks. We're committed to pursuing solutions that support our customers and the continued growth of the region. Finally, what's the impact to our financial plan? It's still early, and we'll have to work through this issue. But at a high level, we see this issue as being neutral to our financial plan based on the following. For 2022, in the near term, we expect no impact to sales growth as we have sufficient transmission capacity to meet our customers' load growth as recently connected data centers are continuing to ramp up their demand from existing facilities. A little more color for that perspective. Data centers tend to have longer ramp-up and load following their connection to the electric grid. Historically, that period is about three to four years, although we see that period shortening over time. For the latter few years of our five-year plan, we expect slightly lower sales growth due to the transmission capacity constraints until new infrastructure can be placed into service. However, we expect to overcome any potential headwinds by the acceleration of needed new build transition projects from later in the long-term plan to earlier, which increases capital in rider form in our five-year growth capital program. We plan to reflect such updates in our next roll forward to our long-term capital plan in early 2023. As a reminder, all related transmission capital spend is in rider form at FERC formula rates. We will continue to provide updates as things develop. We remain focused on our core responsibility of safely providing reliable energy to our customers. And it's worth noting that in Virginia last week, we reached a record summer peak demand, and our colleagues kept the electric grid operating flawlessly under demanding load conditions. We expect that exceptional performance to continue. Turning to other business updates on Slide 13. At Dominion Energy South Carolina, new electric and gas customer accounts increased nearly 3% in the second quarter as compared to last year, driven by continued strong underlying population growth, as South Carolina's population continues to increase at one of the fastest rates in the nation. In addition, we've reduced the average annual customer outage met or SAIDI, by over 20% during the first half of the year relative to the same period last year. I note that we've been in the top quartile among all utilities in the Southeast 8 out of the past 10 years. Investments made in prior periods are critical to system reliability and the continuation of this trend for the benefit of our customers. In that regard, let me provide an update on our Integrated Resource Plan. Last month, the South Carolina Public Service Commission unanimously approved our 2021 IRP update. As a reminder, our preferred plan is indicative of the potential for accelerated decarbonization and assumes our three remaining coal units are retired by the end of the decade, which would result in a nearly 60% reduction in DESC's CO2 emissions. Recently, we filed a retirement study to evaluate the generation transmission resources needed to replace those units. These findings, among other updates, will be part of our 2022 IRP update expected to be filed next month. We look forward to engaging with all stakeholders on this planning process. At Gas Distribution, our utilities operate in some of the fastest-growing areas of the country, with annual customer growth rates over 2% in two of our largest markets. We continue to see strong support for timely recovery on prudently incurred investment that provide safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable service. In May, we filed our statutorily scheduled rate case at Dominion Energy Utah. We're currently in the discovery phase and responding to data requests. We asked for an ROE of 10.3% and a revenue requirement increase of $70 million, which represents around a 6% increase to a typical customer bill. We expect new rates to be effective in January of next year. Last month, first gas occurred in our natural gas storage project in Utah, Magna LNG, which will be used to meet system reliability for customers' gas supply in the Salt Lake City area. We remain on schedule to place this facility in service later this year. On RNG, we remain one of the largest agriculture-based RNG developers in the country. We've recently commenced operations at our fourth RNG project and expect two additional projects to come online this year, for a total of six projects producing negative carbon renewable natural gas. In addition to these six projects, we have a portfolio of projects in various stages of development, continuing progress toward our aspirational goal of investing up to $2 billion by 2035. Before I hand it over to Jim, I'll recap an important addition to our Board of Directors. Last month, our Board elected Kristin Lovejoy to serve as a director effective August 1. Kris brings CEO and entrepreneur experience, a global business perspective, a passion for diversity as a catalyst for business excellence, and deep experience in the intersection of business, technology and cybersecurity. Kris' skills and experience in management, governance and technology will enhance our continuing efforts to deliver on our core mission. We look forward to her leadership on behalf of the Company and our 7 million customers. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thanks, Bob. Now I'm going to discuss our second quarter results and a few related financial topics. Our second quarter 2022 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 14, were $0.77 per share, which included $0.01 of hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service territories. These results are above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range, extending to 26th consecutive quarters our track record of delivering weather-normal quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance ranges. Positive factors as compared to the second quarter last year included strong sales growth and increased regulated investment across electric and gas utility program. Other factors as compared to the prior year include a millstone planned outage, some tax timing and share dilution. Second quarter GAAP results reflect a net loss of $0.58 per share, which includes the previously announced sale of the retired Kewaunee nuclear power station in Wisconsin, the non-cash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities, unrealized changes in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other adjustments. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of our earnings release kit. Turning now to guidance on Slide 15. For the third quarter of 2022, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.98 and $1.13 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year are expected to be normal course regulated rider growth and sales growth. Other factors as compared to last year are expected to be interest expense, tax timing and share dilution. We are affirming our existing full year and long-term operating earnings and dividend guidance as well. No changes here from prior guidance. Through the first half of this year, weather normal operating EPS of $1.93 is tracking in line with our expectations. We'll provide our formal fourth quarter earnings guidance as is typical on our next earnings call, but let me provide some commentary on the implied cadence of our earnings over the second half of this year. As compared to last year, we expect a number of items will lead to a slightly larger fourth quarter, including normal course regulated rider growth, the absence of a millstone planned outage, absence of last year's COVID deferred O&M, and tax timing that combined are expected to help us deliver solid second half results, in line with our annual guidance. Next, let me touch on electric sales trend. In Virginia, weather-normalized sales increased 2.5% over the 12 months through June as compared to the prior year period and 1.1% in South Carolina. Components of this growth include a slight decline for residential, as you'd expect, continued back to work trend and higher growth for the commercial segment. For 2022, we expect the growth rate to moderate some as we move into the second half of the year and we expect overall sales to be just slightly above our long-term run rate of 1% to 1.5% per year. I know this topic of sales expectations for our sector is of interest to many investors as we head into what is perhaps a less certain economic period. So we are again providing demand-related earnings sensitivities for our two electric utilities in today's materials, as we show on Slide 16. Let me share some commentary. First, for our largest segment, Dominion Energy Virginia. You'll recall that demand in PJM DOM zone in the last few years was despite the pandemic relatively resilient due to robust residential and data center demand, as Bob touched on. Around 50% of DEV's operating revenues are effectively decoupled from changes in load due to riders and fuel pass-through, a dynamic that is reflected in the EPS rules of thumb provided on this page. Let me now turn to South Carolina, which is more exposed to industrial load, but on the other hand, continues to benefit from strong customer growth, as Bob mentioned. In addition, like Virginia, there are structural mitigants to the load impact on revenue, including riders and fuel passenger mechanisms as well as a gas operation that adjusts annually for changes in usage. In total, about half of DESC's operating revenues are also effectively decoupled from changes in load. Turning now to our other business segments. At Gas Distribution, about 88% of segment operating margin is stabilized through decoupling or fixed charges, including riders and gas pass-through mechanisms. And our contracted assets segment operates primarily under long-term PPA or hedge arrangements. In West Virginia, we recently reached a comprehensive settlement agreement with the West Virginia Public Service Commission staff and other parties to approve the sale of Hope Gas. If approved by the West Virginia Commission, the transaction may close as soon as the end of this month. So, we've covered a lot of ground today. We continue to aggressively execute on our decarbonization investment programs to meet our customers' needs, while creating jobs and spurring new business growth. We'll be actively engaging with stakeholders on offshore wind and reviewing all public policy options, including reconsideration or appeal of the SCC order. We'll be filing our next clean energy solar and storage rider in Virginia later in the quarter. We're working expeditiously with all stakeholders to alleviate the constraints in Eastern Loudoun County for our data center customers. We're quite pleased that the South Carolina Public Service Commission unanimously approved our 2021 IRP. And we're on track to meet our annual earnings guidance. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So Bob, just maybe starting with offshore wind and the performance guarantee. I know it's -- obviously, it's a tough position to be in here. It's a lot of risk you're going to be taking on, and that could be kind of long term in nature. I know you guys talked about paths to resolve. But what if you don't resolve, right? So one, we know it's a lot of growth for you. But could you decide to walk away from this project as order going to be a no go? And two, I know you laid out some thoughts in the script on next steps. Is there a bid-ask here that would make some sort of a standard palatable? Could you negotiate this, or any performance guarantees or a no go?
Bob Blue: Yes, Shar. First of all, I'm shocked that you didn't ask about Millstone that breaks through.
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. That was my follow-up question.
Bob Blue: Okay. Fair enough. All right. Fair enough. Good. I'm glad you're remaining consistent. But let me address the questions that you asked. It's premature to be talking about that, Shar. We just got this order Friday afternoon. As we said in our prepared remarks, there's very little detail in that order. And as it is drafted, as we look at it, it is inconsistent with the utility risk profile expected by our investors. But it's a great project and it has a lot of stakeholder support. There are options for us to seek reconsideration and options for us to work with stakeholders so that we can get the clarity that we need for this to meet our expectations of what utility investors are looking for. So we're confident that we're going to be able to get that clarity as we work with stakeholders. But we're just 72 hours after the order so there's not a lot more beyond that, that I can tell you this morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: Bob, any -- I guess, any sense on just the timing and when we can get some more clarity or resolution on this?
Bob Blue: Yes. That will depend obviously on stakeholders and on the commission. So, we'll work through that, I would hope. And over the coming weeks is the kind of time line that we would be looking for, for something like this.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Got it. And then -- just maybe just switching gears quickly to Washington. Obviously, the IRA passed the Senate. It seems to be a lot of puts and takes for utilities. And how are you, I guess, thinking about the potential impacts of the 15% AMT on cash flows and rate base growth weighted against maybe the enlargement and extension of some of those tax credits? And just remind us on the AMT recovery methods in the States. And should we assume some lag?
Jim Chapman: Shar, it's Jim. Let me recap our view on the act, the Inflation Reduction Act, still a moving target, of course. Really good that it passed the Senate. We'll see what other amendments pop up, if any, as it goes to the House this week. But here's where we are on broad strokes. So really high level, pretty good, really positive from a decarbonization incentive perspective, really positive for a utility customer cost perspective, so good. When it comes to all of the impacts to Dominion's financial plan, you touched on a little bit of it, the devil's in the details. It's going to take a long time before all the treasury regs are worked out. I mean it's not even law yet. But right now, based on what we know, we don't really see a major impact to our plan. Now customer beneficial incentive is good, and that could have some knock-on effects that are positive. But we don't see it as being an impact. And let me talk about a little bit the parts, ITC and PTC, the extension, the increases, again, all good. Good for us, good in the sense that it's direct customer bill benefit. We assume that we're going to continue to do what we've already been doing, recognizing those benefits in the customer bill over time. And it's different for different assets. So, nuclear PTC, a big topic of discussion, of course. We view that as positive as well for us, for the nuclear industry, for customers. I think there, it's going to take some real time before the regulations are worked out, to determine how exactly nuclear units within a vertically regulated utility, like most of ours, how they're treated when it comes to earned revenue per megawatt hour. Because there's a phase out, right, $43 a megawatt hour. Above that, you're not eligible. But we'll see. We have low-cost units, should be eligible. How that's calculated for a vertically regulated utility? No detail yet. If we qualify under that cap, it's a benefit to our customers in Virginia and South Carolina, no question. Millstone, obviously, not regulated, hedged, PPA. But as a reminder, under that existing 10-year PPA, all tax attributes, new taxes, like this, for 100% of the plant output, they flow through to the PPA off-takers and their customers. So again, customer-friendly element, even for Millstone, and long term, good for the industry, good for the future of Millstone, whatever happens after that 10-year PPA. For offshore wind, again, sticking with PTC, on the surface, we expect kind of the same thing that we talked about in the BBB era, that if there's a full rate PTC, which the Senate version includes a full rate PTC, that could lower the LCOE for our offshore wind project by up to $7. So pretty good there, too. So all that, the PTCs, ITCs, the extension, the increase, we think it's good in a customer-friendly way, and that can have, as I mentioned, knock-on effects. The AMT, of course, the other part, in my sense for the AMT is it's going to impact companies even in our industry in really different ways depending on whether you're a cash taxpayer right now or not and whether you generate credits or not, ITC PTC. So in our case, we're already a federal cash taxpayer and have been for some years. So, our rates though, our federal cash tax rate is shielded by our inventory of tax credits because we generate a lot of tax credit. So as you know, Shar, the way that works is the 21% top federal rate is shielded by tax credits, but the maximum you can shield is 75% of your cash tax liability. So, that means for us, our current federal cash tax rate is 5.25%. So, 25% of the federal 21% -- 25 -- 25% times 21%. So the IRA, this bill, totally different approach, 15% minimum on adjusted GAAP pretax income. And those adjustments, again, devil's in detail, but you take out pension plans, you take out NDTs, you add in the -- I mean, this is a change from over the week, and you add in accelerated tax depreciation from the tax book into this calculation of GAAP -- adjusted GAAP. But the tax credit, that shield remains. So you can still shield up to 75% of your cash tax liability of credits. So in this case, it'd be -- not the 5.25% of your tax -- pre-taxable income, but it would be 3.75 of adjusted GAAP, so 25% of the 15%. So, a lot of math there. But you can probably guess from that, that taking a view on a go-forward basis, like what is this going to look like? What's the difference between 5.25% of taxable income compared to 3.25 of adjusted GAAP, how does it change over time? It's complicated. But our view based on what we know is probably kind of in the same general area since we're already a cash taxpayer. So that drives us to the conclusion that, look, devil's in the details, we're not seeing a material impact. So details come. We'll see where it lands this week in the house. We would guess that the dust will settle in the next couple of weeks, and we're going to be in a position to talk about the detailed impacts on a more granular basis by the time we're sitting down with you and others at EEI.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe I'll pick up with Millstone a little bit here. And there were some reports that Massachusetts might have interest in nuclear power. And just wondering, any thoughts that you could share there? And I guess, does things change with the PPC for Millstone? Just any thoughts on this as it relates to regular -- regulated and non-regulated nuclear in Massachusetts potential interest in Millstone?
Bob Blue: Well, as we've been saying for a while, Jeremy, we think Millstone is critical to the New England region achieving its zero carbon goals. And our view on that has only grown. Our confidence on that has only grown in recent months. The Connecticut General Assembly passed a law allowing for additional nuclear as long as it's at the site of an existing nuclear plant. Obviously, that would be Millstone. So we think there's an increasing recognition of the value of Millstone. And we're happy to work with stakeholders throughout the region on ensuring that Millstone is there to help them meet their clean energy goals. But beyond that, sort of specific to the recent developments in Massachusetts, not a lot to offer, we just think it's a great long-term asset, incredibly valuable to the region.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just as it relates to the issues around the data centers with regards to congestion there. Could you provide any more color on what the accelerated T&D investments might look there? And could you provide us a perspective on potential dollar amounts here and what size of the plan this represents? Just trying to see if there's any more detail possible that you could provide on this side?
Jim Chapman: Jeremy, it's Jim. Full detail to come on our full roll forward of our five-year plan, and you'll see changes there, an acceleration of transmission spend. One data point that's out there, last week, there was a filing with PGM for one required transmission investment, one of several to come to make sure we're meeting demand there. And that was $500 million to $600 million. But that's not the total. More will be defined in our planning, and we'll discuss that on our fourth quarter call when we do our full roll forward of our capital plan, including all the transmission spend in Virginia.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Fowler from UBS.
Bob Blue: Ross, can you hear us? We're not hearing you. We'll try again. Operator, shall we go to the next in the queue?
Ross Fowler: Can you hear me?
Bob Blue: There we go.
Ross Fowler: So just a couple of questions. So Jim, you talked about how it's up to $7 a megawatt hour savings in terms of the PTCs, should the House pass this as written, against that $80 to $90 megawatt hour cost for offshore wind or LCOE. That would also lower the cost cap at 125 because it's a 1.4x multiple. I just want to make sure that I'm clear on that.
Bob Blue: Yes, Ross. Actually, that it does not affect the cost cap. The multiple in the statute is off of a CT, what the LCOE of a CT from the EIA report of 2019, I think it was. So that change, while incredibly valuable to our customers, does not change the cost cap figure.
Ross Fowler: Got you. Got you. So it gives you more headroom to that cap. All right. And then in the original settlement for offshore winds, there certainly wasn't a performance guarantee. But there was this concept of lower capacity factor of about 37%. And then you'd report to the commission if it was ever lower than that on a three-year rolling average. And then the commission would determine whether that was a deficiency related to basically unreasonable actions by you versus sort of weather and everything else. So it seems like there's space between that and what was very unclearly written in the order as a reconsideration here to make sure we're not necessarily punishing you for the weather and things you can't control. Is that fair? Is that kind of where you see and where we could be headed here?
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean, you accurately described the performance provision and the stipulation. And yes, so there's space in between. And as we mentioned, we intend to work with stakeholders. Obviously, just got the order less than 72 hours ago, but that space in between, I think, is precisely where we would be looking to try to find common ground.
Operator: And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can, just following up a little bit from Jeremy here, the timing of that CapEx related to PJM, if I can. Can you elaborate a little bit on it, as well as maybe how this might tie into some of the reform that we're seeing with PJM? Obviously, that impacts more from the renewable side. But again, obviously, load interconnect matters as well here as it goes. Can you talk a little bit about that from a PJM perspective? Obviously, you submitted these things to PJM. And then if I can go on -- the second question is the same. It's all related. You identified a series of numbers here related to load sensitivity to data centers. And if I get it right, you're talking about 12% number, and broadly speaking, it kind of backs into about a 2% in change total load growth from the data center side going into next year. And if you look at the sensitivities, it's perhaps $0.02 to $0.03 on earnings. Just want to make sure. You try to call it out very specifically. I want to make sure we're looking at that math correctly here on the year-on-year as well?
Diane Leopold: Good morning, Julien, this is Diane Leopold. I'll at least start and then maybe hand it off to Jim on some of the latter parts of your question. So, related to timing on the data centers. So these were all transmission projects that we had planned long term anyway. We'd seen some of these constraints. We were already designing it. So accelerating it is really moving the capital in our plan up roughly two years so to have the first set of projects in by 2026, the latter part of 2025. So that transmission spend that was maybe more focused '25, '26 and '27 would move into capital that would be '23, '24 and '25. And likewise, the next set of projects, and that's what's going to be filed in the next -- in the coming weeks. The next tranche of relieving the transmission constraint, also moving up in time, but instead of being online by 2026, is 2028. So, you can just kind of move that on out.
Jim Chapman: Julien, on your sales question, let me give you a couple of comments there. So look, first, you need to differentiate between demand and sales. Some of Bob's comments that we set out is on demand, increases in demand for data centers and in this potentially affected area. So, we don't get paid on demand, of course, typically, not fully utilized. It takes a long time for data centers to ramp up, et cetera. But we get paid on sales. And for this customer class, like other high-usage customers, there's a lower margin. So what drops to the bottom line isn't necessarily the same as a sales number. It's still helpful. Meaning, the increased sales helps offset increases to the typical customer bill across the system, but it is lower margin based on its high usage. So impacts to the bottom line from these issues just described could be a little bit years out after this ramp period of plateauing, slower growth slightly in data center sales, offset by what Diane just mentioned, increases in the needed transmission spend, which is, of course, not lower margin it's formula rate and rider. So it's hard to take a -- in summary, a straight line from changes in demand down to the bottom line for EPS sensitivities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, understood. That's why I asked. Excellent. And then just to clarify the last comment. You did a bunch of math, super quick. With respect to the ability, some of the changes over the weekend here on the tax adjustments that you can do for the adjusted GAAP, just to clarify, you can deduct items against AMC with respect to bonus depreciation here, as you described. I think you said that. I just want to make it crystal clear.
Jim Chapman: Okay. Not bonus depreciation, but the tax depreciation makers. Whatever Is your tax books for -- including for utility spend translates over as an adjustment in this GAAP -- adjusted GAAP pretax income calculation for AMT purposes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Jim, just a finer point on Julien's question. Just to be clear on the -- utilities aren't eligible for bonus depreciation, correct? I mean the related assets?
Jim Chapman: Correct. From the last round of tax reform, that's correct.
Durgesh Chopra: Right. So this is just -- when we talk about accelerated depreciation, this is just your normal makers type setup?
Jim Chapman: Exactly right, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. And just, Bob, quickly following up on the sort of the performance guarantee provision. I understand there's a lot of moving pieces. How does this impact the sort of the schedule of the project and your planned activities in the second half of the year and next year?
Bob Blue: We wouldn't expect it to have any effect on the schedule. We're -- again, we'll work quickly -- as quickly as we can with stakeholders. But this, as you know, is a guarantee that affects the -- applies to the operation, not the construction of the facility. So, it won't have an effect on the schedule.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference call over to David McFarland, Director, Investor Relations.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit.  Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Diane Leopold, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
James Chapman: Thank you, David, and good morning. Before I begin, I'll remind everyone of the extensive disclosure package and growth capital roll forward we shared on last quarter's call. We're very focused on overall execution of those plans, including extending our track record of delivering results in line with our financial guidance as we did again this quarter. I'll begin with a recap of our compelling investment proposition and again, highlight our focus on the consistent execution of our strategy. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2026, based largely on our continued execution of our $37 billion 5-year growth capital program, as shown on Slide 3. As a reminder, over 85% of that capital investment is emissions reduction enabling and over 75% is rider recovery eligible. The resulting approximately 10% total shareholder return proposition is combined with an attractive pure-play state-regulated utility profile and an industry-leading ESG profile.  This utility profile is centered around five premier states, as shown on Slide 4. All of these states share the philosophy that a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation puts a priority on safety, reliability, affordability and sustainability, as Bob will touch on in his remarks in just a moment.  Turning to Slide 5. We see up to $73 billion of green investment opportunity across our entire footprint through 2035, nearly all of which will qualify for regulated rider recovery. We believe we offer the largest, broadest in scope, longest in duration and most visible regulated decarbonization opportunity among U.S. utilities, which, as you will hear in today's prepared remarks, is continuing to steadily transform into reality. The successful execution of this plan is already benefiting our customers, communities, the environment and our investors.  Before handing it to Bob for his business update, I'll discuss our first quarter results and related financial topics.  Our first quarter 2022 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 6, were $1.18 per share, which included $0.01 of help from better-than-normal weather in our utility service territories. Weather-normalized results were at the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range, extending to 25 consecutive quarters, our track record of delivering on our financial commitments to our investors. Positive factors as compared to last year include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, interest expense and modest margin help. Other factors as compared to the prior year include capacity expense and share dilution.  First quarter GAAP earnings were $0.83 per share and reflect a noncash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities, unrealized changes in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust fund and other adjustments. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is as usual, included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit.  Turning now to guidance on Slide 7. As usual, we are providing a quarterly guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. For the second quarter of 2022, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.70 and $0.80 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year are expected to be normal course regulated rider growth, sales growth and a return to normal weather. Other factors as compared to last year are expected to be a millstone planned outage and some tax timing. We are affirming our existing full year and long-term operating earnings and dividend guidance as well, no changes here from prior guidance.  Turning to Slide 8. Let me take a minute to recap our O&M management and highlight our strong performance relative to our guidance of keeping O&M flat normalized for riders. Since our 2019 Investor Day, when we spent some time describing our flat normalized O&M target, we created a material value for our customers and shareholders by removing about $250 million in costs, a reduction over 8% during that 4-year period, something we view as quite an accomplishment.  Looking forward, we're focused on keeping normalized O&M flat by driving down costs through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practices or cost-cutting initiatives. It's a dynamic process. We very intentionally go through each of our segments, each of our assets, each of our locations to find opportunities to lean into technology to improve business processes and to improve in areas like smart buying across our platform. Finally, consistent with our current guidance, we expect to achieve flat normalized O&M through 2026, no changes here also from prior communications.  Next, I'll touch on inflation, one of the more prevalent themes for this earnings season, it seems. While we don't have a crystal ball on where inflation rates are heading, how high and for how long, let me share some color on the way we think about the impact of inflation on our business. As I mentioned, a substantial portion of our existing rate base and over 75% of our growth capital is rider eligible which allows for timely annual true-ups, including recovery of any changes to cost and interest rates without the need to wait for less frequent base rate proceedings.  So how about inflationary impacts on our largest single rider project, regulated offshore wind? As discussed on our fourth quarter call, that project has been largely derisked from inflationary impacts at this point. Our five major fixed cost agreements collectively represent about $7 billion of the total -- budget. Within those contracts, only about $800 million remains subject to steel and metals commodity indexing, and this component of the budget already reflects commodity cost increases observed in 2021, leading up to our filing date.  So what about interest rates? Inflation is, of course, generally accompanied by a rise in rates. And we reflect market expectations, so increases in our planning process and in guidance. We, of course, don't just model flat rates. About 80% of our balance sheet is fixed rate and is long in duration, over 13 years in average tenure. Looking ahead the future issuances of long-term debt, we manage that interest rate exposure through a variety of hedging and treasury activities including throughout currently about $10 billion notional of pre-issuance interest rate hedges, which will help us keep future costs low.  So what does that mean? That portfolio allows us to lock in treasury rates for issuances between now and 2026 at rates as low as almost 1%. This year, we've already issued $1 billion of long-term debt at Dominion Energy Virginia at a weighted average cost of 2.6%, consistent with our 2022 financing plan guidance. As it relates to additional fixed income issuances remaining for the year, we will continue to monitor market conditions and look for opportunities to further derisk our plan and create shareholder value.  Finally, a reminder that economic growth, inflation and higher interest rates are all part of the mix when it comes to determining authorized ROEs across our utility businesses in our periodic rate proceedings.  So in summary, the current inflation environment is, of course, dynamic, and we are monitoring it closely. At present, however, due in part of the factors I've just described, we're not currently forecasting a material earnings impact associated with inflation. I would also note the impact that the current inflation environment can have on our customer bill. We, of course, prioritize customer affordability and implement various mitigation strategies as Bob will discuss in a moment.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin with safety. As shown on Slide 9, through April of 2022, our OSHA recordable rate was 0.52. While overall results are tracking slightly higher than a year ago, they remain low relative to historical levels and substantially below industry averages. Our safety performance matters immensely to our more than 17,000 employees to their families and to the communities we serve, which is why it matters so much to me and why it is our first core value. . Now I'll turn to updates around the execution of our growth plan. Our regulated offshore wind project continues to be on schedule and on budget. Major project milestones are listed on Slide 10. As we reported earlier and as Jim mentioned, contracts for major offshore equipment suppliers were completed and signed in late 2021. These include contracts for foundations, transition pieces, substations, transportation, installation and subsea cabling and turbine supply and long-term service agreements. We've been pleased with the progress of the State rider approval review with intervener and staff testimony received, rebuttal testimony filed and a hearing scheduled to commence later this month. The final order is expected from the SEC in early August.  The federal permitting process also continues and the next major milestone is receipt of the draft environmental impact statement expected in the second half of this year. A few items to reiterate here. First, offshore wind, zero fuel cost and transformational economic development and jobs benefits are needed now more than ever. The project will also propel Virginia closer to achieving its goal to become a major hub for the burgeoning offshore wind value chain up and down the country's East Coast. Second, unlike any other such project in North America, this proposed investment is 100% regulated and eligible for rider recovery in Virginia. Finally, the VCEA provides very specific requirements on the presumption of prudency for investment in the project, which we are confident that we have already met.  Turning to our Jones Act vessel. The SEC in March approved our Affiliates Act application for DEV's contract. The vessel remains on track for delivery in late 2023, and we expected to be entering service with plenty of time to support the 2024 turbine installation season.  Turning to other notable clean energy investment updates. On April 23, we filed with the support of the SEC staff and Consumer Council, a settlement in the pending nuclear subsequent license renewal rider filing. Nuclear life extension represents nearly $4 billion in capital investment through 2035. And this settlement agreement includes the first phase, which represents about $1 billion of that total. This agreement is very good news, and if approved by the SEC, resolves all issues in that case.  In our estimation, the success of greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets requires the ongoing viability of existing nuclear facilities. These Virginia units have performed exceptionally well for years, providing over 30% of our customers' energy needs and providing that energy at low cost and carbon free.  Based on PJM's carbon intensity rate, just in the last year, Suria North Anna avoided approximately 14 million tons of regional CO2 emissions. To provide some context, this is equivalent to a reduction of more than 3 million nonelectric cars for the entire year. Successful nuclear life extension is a win for customers and the environment, and we want to thank the parties to this proposed settlement for their efforts.  On solar, I'm very pleased that the SEC in March approved our most recent clean energy filing, which included nearly 1,000 megawatts of solar and energy storage capacity, our fifth consecutive such approval. We also recently issued an RFP for an additional 1,200 megawatts of solar capacity and 125 megawatts of energy storage. Our next clean energy filing will take place later this year.  Our current portfolio of utility-scale projects which are under various stages of development represent over 7 gigawatts of capacity. This pipeline goes a long way towards fulfilling our plan to meet the approximately 10 gigawatts of utility-owned solar by 2035 as called for by the VCEA.  Turning to the solar supply chain. As we discussed on prior calls, there continue to be challenges, supply is still tight and prices for certain components are still up. Recently, there's been a lot of focus on the potential impacts from the Department of Commerce's anti-circumvention review. Let me share a few thoughts on: One, our expectations for that review; two, the degree to which we have already substantially derisked our development activities; and three, our view of what the impacts could be if there are delays and what we might do to mitigate them.  First, what do we expect in relation to the review? We expect that preliminary findings will be known by as early as late August. And at that time, we should have a better informed view of whether tariffs apply to panels being imported from the four Southeast Asian countries included in the review. To clarify, our view is that panels are currently physically available as this review is not about prohibiting imports. What is not clear is whether or not tariffs will apply to panels from the countries included in this review. I'd also note that we're encouraged by the Department of Commerce announcement earlier this week, which further narrowed the focus of this proceeding.  Second, how have we derisked our development program? For 2022, our projects are not impacted by the review as the panels needed for those projects are already in the country. These projects remain very much on track. This holds true for our regulated solar project in Virginia and the more modest amount of unregulated solar we're developing on behalf of key customers. For 2023, our portfolio of projects is also largely derisked and on track.  All projects in this portfolio, which totaled some 1,100 megawatts across 16 regulated and unregulated projects are fully contracted with 60% of the panels being installed within this portfolio not expected to be impacted by the review, including panels that have been domestically sourced. For the remaining 40%, we expect the timing to be such that there is adequate time to resolve all potential tariff cost issues, if any, following the resolution of at least the first stages of the review.  Now what would be the impact if tariffs are applicable at the end of the day? Given our competitive advantages, including the strength of our supplier relations and contracts, we work to minimize the cost impact. Keep in mind that while a tariff could be a material percentage of an individual panels cost, it may not be as major a cost driver of an overall utility scale solar installation. To provide some context, panels typically account for 30% of a project's total cost. So a 50% tariff on panels would increase the total cost of the project by 15%.  So what does that mean for our 2023 portfolio? For the up to 40% potentially subject to review, which represents $800 million in planned capital investment, a hypothetical 50% tariff, if applied to every module, represents only about $120 million of incremental capital or less than 1% of our total capital budget for that year.  For our regulated solar projects, these additional costs will become part of our rider approved solar project in Virginia and be subject to approval during the normal annual true-up for approved projects. For our nonregulated solar projects, which are being done on behalf of our key customers, typically very large C&I and data center customers, we expect to work with these customers to minimize the impacts of the tariffs. And given the time line for development as well as the relative importance of these projects to those customers who have their own clean energy goals, we remain comfortable with our current development expectations.  For 2024 and beyond, our view is that there's more than adequate time for us to see where all this goes. If tariffs supply, costs become part of our rider process for our regulated projects and PPA pricing would adjust for our unregulated projects.  In the meantime, we're not standing idly by. We're actively engaged with the Biden Administration, both through trade groups and directly through our federal delegation. This outreach is intended to remind the administration that in order to meet its longer-term climate goals, there has to be stability. We remain focused on the customer impact and advocate for energy policy that provides for an affordable clean energy transition.  Finally, purely hypothetically, if there are delays related to this tariff review, what would the financial impacts be and what might we do to mitigate them? First, we look to accelerate other capital to maintain the same financial profile while maintaining affordable customer rates. We've already noted the very substantial programs we're working on. These customer beneficial programs are focused on resiliency and decarbonization. On the other hand, if there are delays and were unable to accelerate capital, there'd be a slight help as lower capital needs would reduce financing needs. Lastly, we also would look to additional O&M control initiatives as we have successfully demonstrated our ability to manage controllable costs, as Jim mentioned earlier.  In summary, it's still early and we'll have to work through these issues. We're working closely with policymakers and other industry participants, and we'll continue to provide updates as things develop, but we simply do not see any material financial impacts at this time.  Shifting gears, let me now address Reggie. In anticipation of the withdrawal of Virginia from Reggie, we filed this morning with the SEC to suspend our rider Reggie that was approved to recover the pass-through costs related to required purchases of allowances through the Reggie market-based trading program for carbon dioxide emissions. We also requested that Reggie compliance costs incurred through July 31 and not yet recovered totaling approximately $178 million be alternatively recovered through DEV's base rates currently in effect. If approved, this proposal will provide a meaningful reduction to customer bills in a way that allows us to continue the rapid decarbonization of our system in Virginia.  Our view on Reggie -- from the comments we made to the Virginia DEQ in 2018. While we are committed to the ongoing transition to cleaner and lower carbon emitting resources, we're concerned that Virginia's linkage to the Reggie program through the Virginia Carbon proposal would result in a financial burden on customers with no real mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions regionally.  Next is our gas distribution business. As we've discussed in the past, our gas utility operations are enhancing sustainability and working to reduce Scope 1 and 3 emissions with focused efforts around energy efficiency, renewable natural gas and hydrogen blending, operational modifications, potential changes around procurement practices and unique customer product offerings. For example, in March, we launched the Carbon Right program in Utah, which allows customers to offset 100% of their carbon emissions from natural gas usage for $5 a month.  On the regulatory front, we continue to see strong support for timely recovery on prudently incurred investment and for the safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable service including pipeline replacement efforts and expansion of service to rural communities.  Earlier this week, we filed a general rate case in Utah, which is required every 3 years. We asked in case for an ROE of 10.3% and a revenue requirement increase of $70 million, which represents around a 6% increase to a typical customer bill. We expect new rates based on a typical procedural schedule to be effective in January of next year.  On RNG, we remain the largest agriculture-based RNG developer in the country. We've recently commenced operations at our second RNG project and expect five additional projects to come online this year for a total of seven projects producing RNG-based natural gas. In addition to these seven projects, we have a portfolio of projects in various stages of development.  At Dominion Energy South Carolina, I'd first like to highlight that business's excellent operating performance. Our employees completed the quarter with zero injuries, a goal that remains the top priority for our entire company. In addition, our commitment to the customer is unwavering. During the quarter, the average annual customer outage minutes, or SAIDI, was reduced by 20% relative to the same period last year, placing us again in the top quartile among all utilities in the Southeast. This commitment to our customers was recently validated when Dominion Energy South Carolina was recognized as the easiest utility to do business with by Escalent, a top human behavior and analytics advisory firm.  As it relates to our generation modernization program in South Carolina, we're on track. As a reminder, we're placing several of our older generation peaking turbines with modern, more efficient units. Modernizing this equipment will lower fuel cost to customers, improve environmental performance and provide reliability and efficiency benefits to accommodate the large and growing intermittent solar generation in South Carolina. We're moving forward with two of the proposed sites, and we'll hold an RFP for a third later this year.  Turning to Slide 13. Let me recap where we are on customer rates in Virginia, our largest service territory. Again, we are dedicated to the delivery of safe and reliable energy to our customers, which is also affordable. Over the past 10 years, our rates, including fuel recovery, have increased on average by less than 1% per year which is much lower than the average annual inflation rate over that period. Meanwhile, the share of our customers' wallet attributable to DEV's customer bill has declined over that time period, a testament to the fact that DEV's rates have remained relatively stable despite an overall increase in household income during that time. We also have rates that remain below the national and various regional averages. Based on EIA data, our typical customer rate is 13% lower than the national average.  Looking ahead, we expect to continue to offer a compelling value proposition to our customers with the addition of zero fuel resources to support sales growth driven by very robust data center demand, the ramp-up in electric vehicle adoption in our service territory and continued customer growth.  In summary, we continue to be on an unwavering path to meet Virginia's clean energy goals by 2045. And it's incumbent upon us to deliver energy that is safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable.  Finally, let me highlight noteworthy developments in the legislative landscape for our company in Virginia. The General Assembly passed and the Governor signed House Bill 894, which tasks the SCC with setting up a site readiness program to encourage utility infrastructure investment in industrial sites designated as high demand. It also directs the Virginia Department of Energy to convene a work group to identify strategies for promotion of advanced small modular nuclear reactors. This bill exemplifies Virgin's Pro business common sense approach to energy policy and regulation that puts a priority on reliability, affordability and sustainability.  While still early, we applaud efforts to support research and development of technologies that will allow the utility industry to drive further carbon emissions reductions. I see all this is consistent with the common sense approach to energy policy regulation that we typically see across our premier state jurisdictions.  With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 14. Safety remains our top priority for the entire company. We extended our track record of reporting results in line with our financial guidance. We affirmed our existing annual and long-term earnings guidance and our dividend growth guidance. We're focused on executing across project construction and achieving regulatory outcomes that serve our customers well, and we're aggressively pursuing our vision to be the most sustainable regulated energy company in America.  We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: That was quite a comprehensive update there. Bob, I guess if we could start with offshore wind. There's obviously been some back and forth in the docket and the testimonies, which I think was to be expected, but maybe start there. And I'm also curious if there are any updates on the remainder of the pricing that was indexed to commodities?
Robert Blue: Yes. So Shar, you're right. The back and forth was expected. It's a regulatory proceeding. There's always a bit ask there. What I would say though is if you look at our rebuttal testimony and we were of this view when we filed the case, but I feel even stronger as now all the testimony is in, we have a very strong case on offshore wind. The legislation, the Virginia Clean Economy Act lays out the parameters for spending that is presumed prudent and we've clearly met all of those. And we showed in our rebuttal testimony under a variety of scenarios that this project is customer beneficial, particularly when you think about the updated PJM load forecast, which shows increased sales in Virginia.  So this project will help us meet that need. It will provide incredible economic benefits for the state. It is strongly supported, and we feel very comfortable with where we are on this as you recognize fully regulated offshore wind project.  On pricing. Yes, as you point out, there are portions of our contracts that have some indexes. They sort of move around but we contracted late last year, as you know, on these projects. And as we said in our prepared remarks, there's no change or update to budget or schedule on offshore wind. So we're still in what we believe was a very strong position we were in when we filed the case.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just obviously, separately, we just saw one of your peers in the Northeast put their wind business on the block. Just -- I just want to confirm your level of interest with any offshore wind opportunities outside of your current construct.
Robert Blue: We're a state-regulated pure-play utility, and we're interested in state-regulated projects like the one that we're doing in Virginia. That's our interest in offshore wind.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just real quick classic for me. Just in light of, obviously, the rising financing costs, I mean, at the parent and obviously, an extremely favorable commodity backdrop. I hate to sound like a broken record, but the backdrop for assets kind of remains really hot at this kind of a gas price environment. So any updated thoughts on Millstone in light of the current paradigm? And even co-point, just given the value of LNG assets given what we're seeing overseas. You clearly have incremental spending needs. I mean your capital growth is extremely healthy and eventually, you may need some sort of financing. So just curious on maybe the other parts of the business that may be seen as not a base or core, right?
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar. I appreciate the fact that you -- every time we get a chance to see, you ask us about this. So that's good and I admire your consistency. And we'll give the same answer and try to be consistent as well, which is we like the assets that we have to deliver on the performance that we've laid out. We're very focused on execution.  I will note specifically with Millstone, as we've been saying for some time, there's -- we think Millstone is critical to Connecticut and the region achieving its decarbonization goals. And the Connecticut legislature just overwhelmingly passed a bill proposed by Governor Lamont [ph] for -- based on his executive order for zero carbon by 2040. And as you'll recall last year, the deep -- the Department of Energy and the Environment in Connecticut did a study on meeting that 2040 goal when it was executive order and showed that cases that keep Millstone in are hugely customer beneficial. So we think that Millstone is a really solid asset that has operated very well. But overall, we like the asset mix that we've got to achieve the goals that we've set out.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And Bob, yes, that was consistent from a couple of weeks ago.
Robert Blue: Absolutely. Wouldn't expect anything less from you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just the offshore wind -- just on the offshore wind, the -- should we assume this -- litigated outcome in August? Or is there any chance to settle with the parties?
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve, as you know from our approach that we've taken on regulatory issues, if there's a way to find a constructive settlement, we're all in favor of that. This project has a litigated time line or a litigation time line that has a hearing set for a couple of weeks from now and then an order in early August. And that's obviously, the presumption on any regulated proceeding. If there were an opportunity to settle in a constructive way, we'd obviously do that. I expect you to hear that from every party to every litigated matter. But we've got a schedule and that's what we're following.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just going to the -- that was a very helpful update on the solar project situation for the company. Just on -- do you think when you get a preliminary decision in August, either way, would that be enough information likely to be able to kind of move forward with project decisions just because kind of likely be the rough range of outcome?
Robert Blue: Yes. We would think that would give us a very good sense.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And I'm also just curious how the C&I, the data center, those types of customers are? As you mentioned, a lot of them have ESG-type requirements and the like. Like do they seem to kind of get -- if it is a little more expensive, it just is like in terms of flexibility on that? Obviously, gas price is a lot higher, too, since this all started.
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve. Our data center customers are very sophisticated energy buyers. They understand market dynamics. So none of this. They're obviously -- given their own clean energy goals, given the sophistication of their operations, they certainly understand what's going on in the market here.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I want to second Steve's comment there on the crisp solar disclosures. I have two questions, both on that solar front. Bob, you mentioned narrowing the scope of the investigation last week. Maybe just elaborate on that as to sort of why do you think that's a positive update? And how does that impact you and others in the industry?
Robert Blue: Yes. I mean I can't -- there's not a lot of specifics that I would say, but it just gives us more confidence as you're sort of narrowing what they're looking at. I think there was some lack of clarity on that at first and that helps. So directionally positive. I can't identify that there's a particular specific number that it changes for us.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. I guess it sounds like they narrowed the scope and it seems like you feel like the items to be debated are somewhat less. Is that like...
Robert Blue: You got it.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Understood. And then just the 2023 1-plus gigawatt sort of plan, 60% secured. How are you getting to that 60% secured? Is that because it is sort of -- the procurement there is from domestic entities? Or -- because we're hearing from some of your peers that there's a tremendous amount of tightening in the market on store panels. And given the tariff uncertainty, it's kind of hard to procure. So I'm just kind of curious as to how you get to that 60%? How do you get comfortable with that 60% number in 2023?
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold. So our 2023 projects are really all under contract. And for 60% of them, we know where our panels are coming from and we know definitively that 60% are not subject to this particular review given the four countries that are under review. So it doesn't mean that the 40% definitely are affected by it, but we do have contracts for our 2023 projects and 60% of them are secured from areas not in this investigation.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. That's very helpful color. I appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to keep going with the solar a little bit here. And I know you guys provide a lot of great details, so thank you for that. But just picking up, I guess, in your conversations with key stakeholders here, especially the commission. Since the start of the DOC investigation just wondering if you could provide a bit more color on how that's going? And do you anticipate the next clean energy filing in 2022? Or are those following in 2023 to differ from the latest clean energy filing? And really, how is the commission viewing the higher solar costs relative to other means of generation at this point?
Robert Blue: Yes, Jeremy, I'll start and Diane could add any color, if necessary. But if you look, our CE2, Clean Energy II filing that was just approved was slightly higher prices than our Clean Energy I filing that had been approved a year before. And we'll file again for our third round later this year. And that was approved. The commission looked at the cost inputs associated with that and approved that filing.  So we're not -- we have not had specific conversations with the commission about this, but we'll -- we file the next round of solar, it will be on a similar kind of scale as what we filed before. And to the extent that there are some additional cost pressures, we'll show why they're there.  I do think it's important to understand that we've got a statute in Virginia, the Clean Economy Act, that calls for us to file for solar every year and hit those targets that are set out in the statute. And I think there's an understanding by all the parties there. And we still see solar as a very good value for our customers as we think about the overall clean energy transition.  So we'll do the next filing. We're obviously well underway with working through the pieces of that. We'll have that filing done later this year, but we're still very much on track.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then just pivoting here towards the hope gas. Just want to see if there's any updates that you could provide us there in the process or any expectations, if anything's changed or just on track at this point?
James Chapman: Jeremy, that process is very much on track. It's going well. We cleared the HSR hurdle already. We are in the process of discussing that and doing a load of filings with the Western Commission. So far, that seems to be progressing well, and we very much expect closing by the end of the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: I definitely can pass on the solar question. Thanks for the details there. On your commentary about O&M, I was curious, what does the pension performance been year-to-date? And are you thinking there could be a benefit or a headwind for '23 when you factor in the asset performance and also changes to the discount rate?
James Chapman: Well, good question. We've heard that come up from a few of our peers this earnings season. It's interesting because our take -- our view is that it's too early to tell. Here we are at the end of Q1, yes, assets are down. So discount rates are up. So we just don't think it's meaningful to make a determination on what that's going to mean for the 12/31 remeasurement date for all that. A little more color though. We -- at year-end, we're at about 110% funded status. And based on rough math, mark-to-market today, assets are down a little bit, returns are down, discount rates are up, we still think it's in that same 110% range.  But of course, for the natural pension expense for next year and beyond, first of all, it's only really mark-to-market at one time, which is 12/31, so some time to go in the year before we get there. And then both those elements, of course, factor in. If assets are down, of course, that's a hurt to pension expense, more pension expense. And the corollary is that if discount rates and interest rates are up, it's a help.  So we've seen those two things really offset so far on the rough mark-to-market through the first 4 months -- 3 or 4 months. But really, it's just too early to be able to tell much. What really matters where we are at the end of the year.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then a bigger picture, longer-term question, if I could? I noticed there's a fair amount of storm damage in the quarter and also last year as well. Are there any kind of initiatives, whether capital or O&M that you can take to kind of preemptively mitigate some of this like more strategic undergrounding or other avenues such as that?
Robert Blue: Yes. Certainly, things that we look at. Obviously, we have a grid transformation program underway. That'll be a decade long. Strategic undergrounding is an important part of that, being able to sectionalize lines more quickly and isolate faults and restore service without as much human intervention will be part of it. Some of the just basics of bigger poles, stronger conductor will also help. So yes, we've got programs underway that we will continue and always look for ways that we can cost effectively strengthen our system for customers.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's event. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to David McFarland, Director, Investor Relations.
David McFarland: Good morning, and thank you for joining the call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by outlining Dominion Energy's compelling shareholder return proposition. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2026, supported by our updated $37 billion 5-year growth capital program, resulting in an approximately 10% total return. That's all underpinned by Dominion's industry-leading ESG profile, which includes the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the country, which, as you will hear in today's prepared remarks, is steadily transforming from opportunity to reality. Our strategy is anchored on a pure-play, state-regulated utility operating profile that centers around 5 premier states, as shown on Slide 4. I'll share the philosophy that a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation puts a priority on safety, reliability, affordability and sustainability. Next, I want to highlight what a successful year 2021 was in the continuing execution of our strategy. For example, we continue to provide safe, reliable service to our customers, ensuring that safety remains our top priority when it comes to our employees, our customers and our communities. We reported our 24th consecutive quarterly financial result that, normalized for weather, meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range, a reflection of our focus on continuing to provide consistent and predictable financial results. We successfully concluded substantial rate cases in Virginia, South Carolina and North Carolina in each case demonstrating our ability to deliver constructive regulatory results for both our customers and our shareholders in these fast-growing, premier and business-friendly states. And we significantly advanced our clean energy growth plans on a number of fronts. For instance, we received our notice of intent from BOEM for our regulated offshore wind project in July as planned and filed our rider application with the Virginia State Corporation Commission on schedule in November. And we proposed new solar and energy storage projects in our second annual clean energy filing in Virginia, the largest such group ever proposed. Looking ahead, we've rolled forward our 5-year growth capital plan to capture the years 2022 through 2026. We now expect to invest $37 billion on behalf of our customers. The investment programs are highlighted on Slide 5, with over 85% focused on decarbonization.  As meaningful as these near-term plans are, consider on Slide 6 how they compare to the long-term scope and duration of our overall decarbonization opportunity. Our initiatives extend well beyond our 5-year plan. We now project $73 billion of green investment opportunity through 2035, nearly all of which will qualify for regulated cost of service recovery. This is, as far as we can tell, the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the industry.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to walk through our financial results and guidance before I provide further business updates on the execution of our plan.
James Chapman: Thank you, Bob, and good morning. Our fourth quarter 2021 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 7, were $0.90 per share, which included a $0.03 hurt from worse-than-normal weather in our utility service territories for the quarter. Weather-normalized results were again above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. Positive factors as compared to last year include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, higher electric sales due to increased usage from commercial and industrial segments and higher margins at contracted assets. Other factors as compared to the prior year include a slight catch-up in COVID-deferred O&M and weather. As Bob mentioned, this is our 24th consecutive quarter, so 6 years now, of delivering weather-normal quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our guidance ranges. We believe this historic consistency across our results is worth highlighting and is a track record we're proud of and one which we are absolutely focused on extending. Full year 2021 operating earnings per share were $3.86, above the midpoint of our guidance range even in the face of a $0.05 hurt from weather for the year. As is detailed on Schedule 2 of our earnings release kit, 2021 GAAP earnings of $3.98 per share were $0.12 higher than operating earnings for the year. Turning now to guidance on Slide 9. As usual, we're providing an annual guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. We're initiating 2022 operating EPS guidance of $3.95 to $4.25 per share. The midpoint of this range is in line with prior annual EPS growth guidance of 6.5% in 2022 when measured midpoint to midpoint. As I think has been expected as part of our roll-forward to a new 5-year forecast period, we are once again extending our long-term growth rate by 1 more year. We now expect operating EPS to grow at 6.5% per year through at least 2026. Finally, we expect first quarter 2022 operating earnings per share to be between $1.10 and $1.25. Positive drivers for the quarter as compared to last year are expected to be normal course regulated rider growth, continued modest strengthening of sales and a return to normal weather. Other drivers as compared to last year are expected to be O&M and tax timing. We expect our 2022 full year dividend to be $2.67, reflecting our target payout ratio of approximately 65%. We're also extending the long-term dividend per share growth rate of 6% per year through 2026. Slide 10 provides a breakdown of 5-year growth capital plan, which Bob introduced. For more detail on all of this, I would point to the very comprehensive appendix materials. But just a couple of items I'll note here. We continue to forecast a total 5-year rate base CAGR of 9%, broken out here by segment and major driver. And over 75% of this planned growth CapEx is eligible for rider recovery. Of course, capital investment under riders allows for timely recovery of prudently incurred investments and costs. Turning to Slide 11. We've updated our financing plan, which reflects a combination of internally generated cash flow and debt issuances to fund the majority of our growth and maintenance CapEx. Our plan assumes we issue programmatic equity of just 1% to 1.5% of our current market cap annually through our existing DRIP and ATM equity programs, in line with prior guidance. No change to our 2022 equity issuance plans and no block or marketed equity is contemplated. We view this level of steady equity issuance under existing programs as prudent, EPS-accretive and in the context of our sizable growth capital spending program, appropriate to keep our consolidated credit metrics within the guidelines for our strong credit ratings category. To that point, as shown on Slide 12, our consolidated credit metrics have remained steady and our pension plans have increased their funded status. We're very proud of these results. We continue to target high BBB range credit ratings for our parent company and single A range ratings for our regulated operating companies. Our long-standing focus on achieving and maintaining these ratings is important for our ability to continue to secure low-cost capital for our customers. As is the norm, our financing plan reflects our ongoing efforts to efficiently redeploy capital towards our robust regulated growth programs. As I've mentioned in the past, as part of our capital allocation process, we undertake constant analysis to find the most efficient sources of capital to fund our attractive utility growth programs in our key states, all while maintaining our operating EPS growth and credit profiles. Given that focus, as announced this morning, we have agreed to sell our West Virginia Natural Gas utility, Hope Gas, to Ullico for gross proceeds of approximately $690 million. The transaction is expected to close late this year, subject to customary closing conditions, including clearance under HSR and approval from the West Virginia Public Service Commission. Proceeds will be used to reduce parent-level debt. The transaction value, achieved through a competitive sale process, represents approximately 26x 2021 net income and 2x rate base. As a reminder, Hope Gas operates only in West Virginia and serves about 110,000 customers. Bob will address this transaction a bit more in a moment. Turning now to electric sales trends. Fourth quarter weather-normalized sales increased 1.4% year-over-year in Virginia and 2.3% in South Carolina. In both states, consistent with the trends seen last quarter, we've observed increased usage from commercial and industrial segment overcoming declines among residential users as the stay-at-home impact of COVID waned. Full year 2021 weather-normalized sales increased 1.4% year-over-year in Virginia and 1.6% year-over-year in South Carolina. Looking ahead, we expect electric sales growth in our Virginia and South Carolina service territories to continue at a run rate of 1% to 1.5% per year, no changes from our prior communications. Next, let me discuss what we're seeing around input prices. As discussed on prior calls, we're continuing to monitor raw material costs. And it seems to be the case across a number of industries right now. We're observing higher prices although we've seen a moderation in the upward pressure over the last few quarters. As it relates to our regulated offshore wind project, we remain confident in our ability to deliver the project in line with our budget, as outlined in our filing to the SEC in November. Also no changes here from prior communications. As was disclosed at that time in November, we've entered into 5 major fixed cost agreements, which collectively represent around $7 billion of the total capital budget. Within those contracts, only about $800 million remains subject to commodity indexing, most of it steel. And this component of the budget already reflects commodity cost increases we all observed in 2021, leading up to our filing date in November. And our capital budget, of course, includes contingency. On the solar side, we're seeing what others seem to be seeing. Supply is tight, prices for certain components are up, but our 2021 projects were completed with no material impacts to cost or schedule and our '22 projects remain on track. Beyond '22, we've been generally successful in contracting, et cetera, but it's still early. So again, we're watching but no material financial impacts to share at this time. So to summarize, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2021 operating EPS, which is above the midpoint of our guidance ranges, extending our track record to 6 years of meeting or exceeding the quarterly midpoint on a weather-normal basis. We initiated 2022 full year operating EPS guidance that represents a 6.5% annual increase midpoint to midpoint. We affirmed the same 6.5% operating EPS growth guidance through 2026. We introduced a $37 billion high-quality decarbonization-focused 5-year growth CapEx plan that drives approximately 9% rate base growth. We continue to expect the vast majority of our spending across our segments to be in rider form. And finally, our balance sheet and credit profile remain in very good health.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to you, Bob.
Robert Blue: Thanks, Jim. Starting with safety, Dominion Energy finished 2021 with its second-best performance ever. Additionally, the company was the top performer in the 2021 Southeastern Electric Exchange ranking. We take pride in our relentless focus on safety, and it's the first of our company's core values. While our safety performance relative to industry is very good, our goal has been and continues to be that none of our colleagues get hurt ever. Our customers' highest priority is reliability. They expect their power will come on when they need it, period. In the past year, our customers in our electric service areas in Virginia, South Carolina and North Carolina had power 99.9% of the time, excluding major storms. When major storms approach, we stage equipment and people to be ready so crews can swing into action as soon as it is safe to do so. As we did for the first winter storm of 2022 that dumped wet, heavy snow on most of the northern, central and western regions of Virginia, interrupting service to over 400,000 customers. Over 87% of those customers had service restored after 2 days of restoration and 96% within 4 days. Our crews worked around the clock in frigid temperatures and treacherous icy travel conditions to safely restore service to our communities. Our gas distribution business knows that safe and reliable service is the priority, especially when exigent circumstances exist. When an emergency notification is received, we typically have a crew on site twice as quickly as the industry expected response time. Last month, we had the highest-ever flow of gas at our Utah system and the highest-ever daily throughput across our Ohio system, higher even than the polar vortex of 2019. And in both cases, our service never missed a beat, and our customers would never have known we were setting all-time records. I'm proud, though not surprised, at the way in which our Dominion Energy team members have responded on behalf of our customers. Now I'll turn to updates around the execution of our growth plan. In Virginia, the SEC approved the comprehensive settlement agreement for our first triennial review in November. We're very pleased to be extending our track record of constructive regulatory outcomes. On top of that, we are incredibly excited about what Dominion Energy is working to accomplish, specifically our green capital investment programs on behalf of our customers in Virginia, which I will touch on in a few minutes, nearly all of which will grow earnings under regulated rider mechanisms. Since the Virginia rider investment programs are reviewed and trued up annually, they are not included in the Virginia triennial review process. Based on these trends, the Virginia base investment balance as a percentage of total Dominion Energy declines to about 13% by 2026 and is expected to continue to decline as a percentage in the future. Turning to offshore wind. The country's only fully regulated offshore wind project is very much on track. As it relates to the SEC rider application, we're currently in the discovery phase. And to date, this process very much conforms with what we typically expect during a rider proceeding of this type. Major project milestones are listed on Slide 15. We expect to receive a final order from the SEC in August this year. A few items to reiterate here. First, this project will provide a boost to Virginia's growing green economy by creating hundreds of jobs, hundreds of millions of dollars of economic output and millions of dollars of tax revenue for the state and localities. It will also propel Virginia closer to achieving its goal to become a major hub for the burgeoning offshore wind value chain up and down the country's East Coast. Second, unlike any other such project in North America, this investment is 100% regulated and eligible for rider recovery in Virginia. Finally, the VCEA provides very specific requirements on the presumption of prudency for investment in the project, which we are confident that we have already met. Our Jones Act-compliant wind turbine installation vessel is being constructed and is on track for delivery in late 2023 as originally scheduled. The project is currently about 43% complete. We expect the vessel will be in a central resource to DEV as well as to the overall domestic offshore wind industry, and we'll be entering service with plenty of time to support the 2024 turbine installation season. Our other clean energy filings in Virginia are also progressing well. Last month, we were very pleased to see the SEC approved Phase 2 of our grid transformation plan for projects that we plan to deploy in 2022 and 2023. These projects will facilitate the expected increase in distributed energy resources like small-scale solar and expand electric vehicle infrastructure as well as enhance grid resiliency and security. Our clean energy and nuclear rider filings remain on track. Final orders are expected later this year as outlined on Page 18. Through 2020, we have successfully reduced our enterprise-wide CO2 equivalent emissions by 42%. That's great progress, but it's not enough. By 2035, we expect to improve that reduction to between 70% and 80% versus baseline on our way to meet net zero by 2050.  As shown on the right side of Slide 19, the transition to a clean energy future means reduced reliance on coal-fired generation. Back in 2005, more than half of our company's power production was from coal-fired generation. By 2035, we project that to be less than 1%. We show our time line for transitioning out of coal on Slide 20. By the end of the decade, as part of our ongoing resource planning, we expect to be coal-free in South Carolina and have only 2 remaining facilities at Dominion Energy Virginia for reliability and energy security considerations. While our IRPs are informational filings and do not provide approval or disapproval for any specific capital project, we look forward to continuing to work with stakeholders, including the commission, to drive towards an increasingly low-carbon future. From an investment base perspective, which is a rough approximation of earnings contribution, you can see on Slide 21 the diminished role coal-fired generation plays in our financial performance, driven by facility retirements and non-coal investment. We're mindful that this shift has the potential to be disruptive to employees and communities, and we are being purposeful in our efforts to ameliorate any such negative consequences. We believe in a just transition. We have and will continue to consider the needs of impacted communities and our entire workforce during this clean energy transition. You'll also note that zero carbon generation grows significantly, such that by 2026, over 65% of our investment base will consist of electric wires and zero carbon generation. Moving on to South Carolina. As part of our ongoing resource planning, Dominion Energy South Carolina is planning to replace several of our older generation peaking turbines with modern, more efficient units. These peaking units, which often operate seasonally during certain times of day when the demand for energy is at its highest, play an important role in our generation fleet with their ability to go from idle to producing energy quickly. Modernizing this equipment will lower fuel cost to customers, improve environmental performance and provide reliability and efficiency benefits. These will become even more important as additional intermittent fluctuating resources such as solar are added to our system. Last quarter, the Public Service Commission of South Carolina approved a settlement allowing the company to move forward with 2 of the proposed sites, and we'll hold an RFP for a third. Turning to gas distribution. In North Carolina, the commission approved a comprehensive settlement last month for our gas operations with rates based on a 9.6% ROE. As a reminder, the agreement included 3 new clean energy programs, a new hydrogen blending pilot, a new option to allow our customers to purchase RNG attributes and a new and expanded energy efficiency programs. This is a prime example of the role that supportive regulation can play in meeting our decarbonization objectives. Let me now address this morning's announcement regarding the sale of our West Virginia natural gas utility to Ullico. Hope Gas is a valuable business with tremendous people. At the same time, compared to the other larger state-regulated utilities across our 5 premier states, Hope Gas is relatively a small stand-alone operation. Our talented employees have consistently delivered safe, reliable and affordable energy to Hope's customers. We're pleased that these best-in-class employees are now joining another excellent organization in the form of Ullico, who has agreed to provide significant protections for employees and honor existing union commitments. Ullico's operating expertise and financial resources will also ensure that Hope's customers will continue to receive the high level of service to which they have grown accustomed. Slide 24 provides a summary of several important steps we took in 2021 that enhanced our industry-leading ESG profile. Just a couple of items I'll highlight here. In July, we published our updated climate report, which included disclosure of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, an important step as it relates to our net zero commitment as I will expand on in a minute. In November, we issued our inaugural Diversity, Equity and Inclusion report, which highlights our progress towards building a more diverse and inclusive workforce. As part of that report, we also published our EEO-1 data. This enhanced external reporting builds upon our commitment to increase our total workforce diversity by 1% each year, with a goal of reaching at least 40% by year-end 2026. We're very much on track to meet that goal.  These and other ESG-oriented efforts have been recognized by leading third-party assessment services, as shown on Slide 25. By each measure, our performance exceeds the sector average. We've been recognized as part of the leadership band by CDP for our climate and water disclosure for the second year in a row. As trendsetters, the highest categorization for the fourth consecutive year by the CPA-Zicklin report on political accountability and transparency. And most recently, MSCI increased our rating from A to AA, which designates us a leader in the field. Turning to Slide 26. I'm pleased to announce an expansion of our net zero commitments. In addition to our current commitment to achieve enterprise-wide net zero Scope 1 carbon and methane emissions by 2050, we now aim to achieve net zero by 2050 for all Scope 2 emissions and for Scope 3 emissions associated with 3 major sources: LDC customer end-use emissions, upstream fuel and purchase power. These new commitments formalize our continued focus on helping our customers and suppliers decarbonize. Reducing emissions as fast as possible and achieving net zero emissions company-wide requires immediate and direct action. That's why the company continues to take meaningful steps to address Scope 3 emissions. We formalized our support for federal methane regulation, and we're working towards procurement practices that encourage enhanced disclosures by upstream counter-parties on their emissions and methane reduction programs. Further, we encourage suppliers to adopt a net zero commitment, and we started to receive quotes for responsibly sourced gas, which are evaluated consistent with our reliability, service and cost criteria for natural gas supply. For downstream emissions, we expect to increase our annual spend on energy efficiency over the next 5 years at our LDCs by nearly 50% and to provide our customers with access to a carbon calculator and carbon offsets. For example, in both Utah and North Carolina, we offer GreenTherm, a voluntary program that provides customers with access to renewable natural gas. While initially being offered on a voluntary basis, we are working with policymakers and regulators to increase access to RNG for our customers. And finally, we continue to pursue innovative hydrogen use cases, including our blending pilot in Utah, which, based on early assessment, confirms the ability to blend at least 5% and potentially up to 10% without adverse impacts to appliance performance, leak survey, system safety or secondary emissions. Over the long term, achieving these goals will require supportive legislative and regulatory policies and broader investments across the economy. This includes support for the testing and deployment of technologies. For example, we support efforts to research and develop new technologies through collaborations such as the Low-Carbon Resource Initiative, of which we're a founding sponsor. And we will never lose sight of our fundamental responsibility to customers, providing safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable energy. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 27. Our safety performance was our second best ever. We reported our 24th consecutive quarterly result that, normalized for weather, meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range. We affirmed the same 6.5% operating EPS growth guidance through 2026 and affirmed our existing dividend growth guidance through 2026. We're focused on executing project construction and achieving regulatory outcomes that serve our customers well, and we're aggressively pursuing our vision to be the most sustainable regulated energy company in the country.  We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start off here. If you could walk us from the prior planned CapEx to today's and the impact on targeted equity included the expected LDC sale proceeds. Just wondering, are there any other non-core assets in the portfolio you might look to sell an asset such as Millstone for equity source?
Robert Blue: Jeremy, it's Bob. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Jim to -- I'll take the second part, turn it over to Jim to walk through the first part. Our announcement related to Hope was about scale. As we think about, as we mentioned in our remarks, Hope Gas, a great company. But in terms of customers, it's 1/4 of the size of our next smallest LDC. And so as we thought about capital allocation, it made sense to us to think about divesting that great company, and I think the power colleagues who work there are also going to a great company. As to the sort of broader question, we like the mix of assets that we have. And we think they support our growth rate and allow us to continue to execute, which is what we're most focused on, is executing on that strategy-regulated pure play. Now like every company, we obviously regularly evaluate assets to see what makes sense with respect to credit, earnings accretion, all those kinds of things. But we're very comfortable that the asset mix that we have today supports the growth rate that we've outlined, and we're just focused on executing on that. And I'll get Jim to talk a little bit about sort of tying that capital plans and equity.
James Chapman: Yes, Jeremy. As I mentioned in prepared remarks, we provided a lot of detail on our growth plans and capital spending in the appendix, so wouldn't expect anyone to digest all that yet. But I would draw attention to Page 34, which is a bridge from our prior 5-year capital growth plan to the new one, $32 billion to $37 billion. And let me just quickly tick through some of the changes. The most material single change is simply moving from one 5-year period to the next, drop 2021, check that box, add 2026. And just in doing that, you're also incidentally including the full time frame for offshore wind spend.  Then if you look at budget changes for some of our capital programs, for example, the budget we discussed in November on offshore wind is actually fully neutralized in our 5-year capital spend plan by postponement for further evaluation, as we talked about in November, of our pump storage project and our Virginia CTs, which are further out in time outside the 5-year period. So that nets to zero.  And then you'll see some other drivers there. Just true up some of our capital spending across gas distribution, R&D and all of our other decarbonization investment programs, so that's what bridges the prior plan to new. And then, Jeremy, you asked a lot of subparts to that question. You also asked about equity, so let me say a few things about that. We -- I observed that we're one of few companies that actually give detailed guidance on equity issuance, so I'm happy it's noticed. There's no change in our equity guidance for '22. There's some very modest tweaks, $100 million in some years, $200 million in others thereafter, keeping in mind that spending is up. So equity is up. Cash flow is up. Debt's up a little bit. So how could that change? If spending in our 5-year plan as we move forward goes up, which would be good, these equity amounts could trend up slightly as well. Conversely, if it goes down, which we don't expect, they go down a little bit. But we think this level of constant equity through our existing programs. As I mentioned, 1% to 1.5% of our current market cap is -- it's accretive, it's modest and it's appropriate to keep us in the right spot from a credit rating metric perspective.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's all very helpful there. And just another one, if I could here. The inclusion of Scope 2 and 3 emissions in the net zero commitment is a big step forward there. What are the impacts, I guess, that, that drives in your long-term CapEx in the plan? Just wondering if any of the CapEx plan is attributable to that. And then specifically, can you provide an update on your RNG plans in light of these commitments?
Robert Blue: Yes. Let me start and then I'll turn it over to Diane to talk a little bit more specifically about RNG. As we described in our opening remarks, Jeremy, Scope 2 and 3 emissions reductions by 2050 are going to require technology and supportive regulatory environment. So a lot of this that we would be thinking about are sort of longer term. It's hard for us to put as much definition around it as we can, the Virginia -- particularly Virginia-regulated rider investments and some of the others that you're seeing in that 15-year chart. Obviously, nothing in the 5-year plan when we think would move the needle there. But lots of opportunities, we believe, and we think it's important. That's what our customers are looking for us to do. It's what our shareholders are looking for us to do. So we'll have opportunities to flesh that out. There's -- as we mentioned, we've already got a fair amount going, and a big chunk of that right now is our investment in RNG. And I'll ask Diane to talk a little bit more detail about that.
Diane Leopold: Okay. So our RNG program, our capital program has really increased over this last year. So we now have 10 projects under construction and 1 in service, but 2 of those under construction, both dairy, will be in service in the coming days and weeks. We expect 6 projects to come into service this year. So we're really kind of ramping up, even though it's very small right now. But we see that pace continuing of new projects and during the construction stream and more coming online in these next few years. So we do see this. What we've said before is about $2 billion of capital investment through 2035, through our main platforms of the dairy and the swine with our partnerships with Align and Vanguard. So that's on the development side.  On the LDC side, specifically as it relates to Scope 3, we really see that program eventually moving towards a long-term strategy of having RNG directly into our regulated gas customers. So we already have that on a voluntary basis in Utah, and it's been very well received there and just got approval in North Carolina and looking to work with stakeholders to increase the amount of RNG blending into our local gas distribution company. So whether we build it or not, whether it's part of our program or not, we're really looking to see more RNG access for our customers in our LDC program.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So Bob, just there was a lot of focus late last year on the Virginia election, a new governor and the like. And maybe you could just talk a little bit about how things have been going with registration and if there's any kind of maybe specifically the political support you're seeing or not for the offshore wind projects.
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve. So things have been going well with the new administration and the general assembly. Obviously, the session in Virginia is less than -- a little less than halfway over, but Virginia session moves pretty quickly. It's really -- energy just has not been a big focus. As we discussed, I think, on the last call, that campaign was focused on education and taxes, and that's what the general assembly has been focused on, not surprisingly. And so energy has not been a huge part of the equation. So we'll -- obviously, you make predictions about the legislative process at your peril, but we're participating and finding that we continue to work well with both Republicans and Democrats as we have for quite a long time.  As regards offshore wind, there continues to be very strong support for offshore wind as we discussed, on -- in our opening remarks. There is a great opportunity for Virginia with respect to new jobs and new industry. And our project is recognized as one that can bring a lot of benefits to the state. So still seeing great support for offshore wind.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one other question on offshore wind. Just Ørsted a week or two ago talked to cost pressures that -- I think it sounds like things that you had already maybe reflected in your budget. But one of the things that you specifically pointed to was vessel costs for like not the Jones Act vessels but for other things like the foundations and the like. Just -- could you just talk to -- is that part of the mix of what you have locked up already?
Robert Blue: Yes. In fact, Diane and I met with the executives at Prysmian and DEME, who are handling, we talked about these large packages there that transport and install. So they're doing the cable and installing the monopods. We just met with them earlier this week, and things are very much on track with them.  So our -- and as regards our own vessel, the installation vessel, the steel for that, for example, has been on site for quite some time. So I think the premise where you started the question saying that the pressures that you may have heard about were factored into our -- contracting is exactly right. We entered into these contracts late last year with counter-parties who are very experienced. Every single one of them is very experienced in this industry. So we still feel very good about that project both in terms of schedule and budget.
Steven Fleishman: Great. And one quick follow-up on Hope Gas. Just curious in the debate about the future of LDCs, it looks like you got a good price here for it. Just could you give us some sense of the competitive dynamic of that process and just what your kind of -- what do you think it means for kind of thinking about the value of your remaining LDCs?
Robert Blue: We feel very good about the value of our remaining LDCs as we have for some time. As I mentioned, this was a decision that we made related to scale. As it pertains to our LDC businesses, they are growing there in what we describe as premium states, very pro-business states, strong customer bases, very supportive of natural gas and with customers who want natural gas for cooking and heating their homes. So this was not, from our perspective, a reflection on our thinking about the LDC business going forward. And that being said, we had a lot of interest, obviously, in this process, and we feel very good about the price and equally important about the quality of the counter-party. So I think it was a good outcome and one that we think will be very well received. But we expect to continue operating our LDC as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: Hope you and the team are well. So I just wanted to walk through Slide 11 one more time and make sure I understand very clearly what you said. So we know that CapEx is up plan to plan basically as you're adding '26 and taking '21 away. And what you're saying is there's no change here to '22 equity, a small increase to equity in '23 forward and that the Hope proceeds are really going to be used to repay debt, and that capacity turns around to be available for regulated CapEx. Did I frame that correctly? Is that what I heard you say on the call?
James Chapman: That's exactly right on the equity sources and uses or the overall sources eases, I should say. So to simplify it a little bit, what are we doing here with the proceeds from the small sale? After-tax proceeds, we're paying down parent-level debt. And then in coming years, we'll use that debt capacity modest as we invest in our spending programs across our key regulated states.
Ross Fowler: That's perfect, Bob. And then on your comments on solar on the call, so you noted that costs are up and prices are tight here, but then you've done a lot of '22 procurement already so that stuff is on track. And on '23, you're on track, but you're watching it. How much of '23 have you already procured? And how much is maybe still out there that may be a swing factor for maybe pushing projects to '24?
Diane Leopold: All right. So this is Diane Leopold. Thanks for that question. So for 2023, as Bob talked about, we are seeing some shortages of panels and other items. But we are actively in the stages now of working out the contracting for these projects. We are well along the way in that process and, project by project, getting access to the modules we need. So while I won't say it's simple and not without some additional costs, we're managing it and I'd just say that we're well along the way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just Jim, a quick clarification. You mentioned $800 million, if I heard that correctly, on the offshore CapEx that was indexed. Is that $800 million part of the $7 billion locked? Or is that $800 million out of the total roughly $10 billion projected project costs?
James Chapman: Yes, Durgesh. That $800 million is part of the $7 billion locked across those 5 project components that we announced in November. The remaining amounts, as you'll recall, is the onshore transmission and contingency.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it, perfect. So $7 billion of the roughly $10 billion locked and $800 million is a component of that. Then just maybe, just quickly, Jim, I just want to understand the rate base growth disclosures. And then on Slide 10 for Virginia, I would have expected the rate base CAGR to be higher, given the higher spending versus the last year plan. Is that sort of a starting point issue? Because if I compare Q4 last year to Q4 this year, the rate base CAGR is actually lower with the spend actually materially higher.
James Chapman: Yes, Durgesh, we're happy to connect. We have, as I mentioned, a lot of detailed backup in the appendix. But what you mentioned there is just a timing issue from the starting point. There's not a material change to the programs or the overall pace. That's just timing quarter-to-quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. And really appreciate all the disclosure in the appendix. Thank you for continuing to provide that. Appreciate it.
James Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Dominion Energy Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now turn the call over to David McFarlane, Director Investor Relations.
David Mcfarlane : Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K, and our quarter reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our Company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which, we can calculate, are contained in the Earnings Release Kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the Earnings Release Kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer. Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. Let me begin with a recap of our compelling investment proposition and highlight our focus on the consistent execution of our strategy. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2025. Growth that is driven by our $32 billion 5-year growth capital plan.
David Mcfarlane : As outlined in our fourth-quarter call in February, over 80% of that capital investment is emissions reduction enabling. And over 70% is rider recovery eligible. We offer a dividend yield of 3.5% and expect -- decarbonization investment opportunity in the nation, which as you'll hear today -- as you will hear in today's prepared remarks, is steadily transforming from opportunity to reality. There's quite a few exciting developments related to that transformation to discuss this morning, including the pending settlement of our triennial review and our offshore wind application in Virginia, in addition to other positive updates across our operating segments. Before handing it to Bob for those and other business updates, I'll discuss our Third Quarter results and related financial topics. First, our strong quarterly earnings. Our Third Quarter 2021 operating earnings as shown on Slide 4 were $1.11 per share which were this quarter. These strong results were slightly above the top end of our quarterly guidance range. Positive factors, as compared to last year, include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, higher electric sales due to increased usage from commercial and industrial segments, and the impact of the share repurchase completed late last year, and a return to normal weather. This is our 23rd consecutive quarter, so almost 6 years now of delivering weather normal, quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance ranges. Note that our third quarter and year-to-date GAAP and operating earnings together with comparative periods, are adjusted to account for discontinued operations, including those associated with the sale of our gas transmission and storage assets. Third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.79 per share and reflect a non-cash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities. Unrealized changes in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust fund. The contribution from Questar pipeline, which we will continue to be accounted for as this continued operations until divested a year-end and other adjustments. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reporting results is as usual, included in scheduled 2 of Earnings Release Kit. Turning now to guidance on slide 5. As usual, we provide d a quarterly guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. For the Fourth Quarter of 2021, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.85 and $0.95 per share. Positive drivers, as compared to last year, are expected to be normal course regulated rider growth, continued modest strengthening of sales from commercial and industrial segment, and slight margin help within contracted assets. Negative drivers, as compared to last year, are expected to be a slight catch-up in COVID deferred O&M and tax timing. Given where we are in the year, we're narrowing our 2021 full-year guidance range to $3.80 to $3.90 per share, preserving the same midpoint as our original guidance. Assuming normal weather for the remainder of the year, we expect operating earnings per share for 2021 to be in the upper half of its narrowed guidance range. We're also affirming long-term operating earnings and dividend growth guidance, no changes here from prior communications. We will, as usual, provide 2022 guidance on our fourth quarter call early in the New Year. But we continue to expect the midpoint of our 2022 guidance range to be 6.5% higher than the midpoint of our '21 guidance range. We continue to be very focused on extending our track record of achieving weather-normal results at or above the midpoint of our guidance on both a quarterly and annual basis. On Slide 6, we've summarized several important financial milestones achieved since our last call. First, we issued $1 billion and 10-year green bonds at our parent Company at a cost of 2.25%. This follows right on the heels of the $6.9 billion in sustainability linked to credit facilities which we announced on last quarter's call. So a lot of activity in Dominion on these types of innovative financings that support our ESG objectives. Thanks to all who participated in this important offering. And as a reminder, we'll have additional fixed income issuance at Dominion Energy, Virginia, Dominion Energy, South Carolina, and in our parent Company during the remainder of this year. In October, we announced the sale of Questar Pipelines to Southwest Gas Holdings. This all-cash transaction was valued at nearly $2 billion, including the assumption of about $430 million of existing debt. Proceeds from the sale will be used primarily to reduce parent level debt. We very much expect to close by the end of this year, subject only to HSR approval. Obviously, it's quite a bit of press attention currently on some of the dynamics unfolding around various shareholders of Southwest Gas, but I would highlight that there is no early termination mechanism in our purchase and sale agreement. As a reminder, this transaction does not impact Dominion Energy's existing financial guidance this quarter or otherwise. Just our pipelines has been and will continue to be accounted for as discontinued operations excluded from our companies calculation of operating earnings. Next as a result of our continued focus on both our capital allocation process and on our corporate credit profile, we've elected to monetize additional value from our investment in Cove Point by financing our stake with an attractive, non-recourse term loan. We've received binding commitments on $2.5 billion non-recourse term loan, which is at the entity that holds our 50% non-controlling equity method investment in The Cove Point facility. Proceeds from this EPS neutral financing are being used to reduce parent level debt. Over the past few years, we've been -- we've taken intentional and significant steps to effectuate fundamental change to lower our business risks, to maximize the recycling of capital into our attractive regulated utility businesses, and to improve our credit metrics. And this financing is another step along that same path. We expect this non-recourse recapitalization to be completed by year-end. Bigger picture, this financing provides a good opportunity to take a quick look back on the capital flows from that asset, Cove Point. As you will recall, we invested approximately $4 billion in the construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction project. And through the combination of prior stake sales and the project financing we're announcing today, we will have monetized well over $6 billion of capital to date, even before accounting for any distribution. Turning now to electric sales trends, weather-normalized sales increased 2.4% year-over-year in the Third Quarter in Virginia, and 1% in South Carolina. In both states consistent with the trends seen last quarter, we've observed increasing usage from commercial and industrial segments overcoming declines among residential users as the stay at home impact of COVID wanes. Looking ahead, we continue to expect electric sales growth in our Virginia and South Carolina service territories to continue at a run rate of 1% to 1.5% per year. Similar to what we were observing pre -pandemic to no changes there from prior communication. Next, let me discuss what we're seeing around rising natural gas prices and we're hearing a lot about this topic across the industry this quarter. We prioritize our customer rate affordability, and implement price mitigation strategies across our businesses in a variety of ways to account for the impact of changes in gas prices. So, across our electric and gas utilities, we have very clear cut pass-through mechanisms for fuel costs. So, this is less of an issue as to how the recent price increases may impact earnings, if they are sustained, but rather how they'll impact our customer's bills, something we obviously care about and we watch very closely. So let me share a little bit of color on what measures we have in place to mitigate those kinds of impacts. In our gas distribution service territories, we expect the bill impact of rising fuel prices to be less pronounced than what some recent headlines suggest due to few things, the proximity of gas resources, our widespread use of storage to offset peak-day requirements, and the effectiveness of our gas supply hedging strategies. In our Western states, our unique state regulated cost of service gas production also helps customers avoid price spikes. In fact, we estimate that our customers save over $100 million over just a seven-day period during the winter storms experienced last
Jim Chapman: February. Thanks to this regulatory structure. In our electric service territories, we also have longstanding risk mitigation strategies including hedging and storage with most fuel costs trued up to customer bills on a delayed basis a structure which helped to smooth out the bill impact of commodity swings. In summary, we certainly don't want to see any increased costs for any of our electric and gas customers. So we will continue to employ these mitigation measures to keep any increases as muted as possible, for the avoidance of doubt, we currently don't see any impact on our -- to our decarbonization focused growth capital investment plan. And wrapping up, we plan to use our Fourth Quarter call early next year to provide a comprehensive update and roll-forward of capital investment, financial outlook, and related disclosures akin to the format of our last Fourth Quarter earnings call which we believe was well received. Investors should expect further evidence in support of several fundamental Dominion Energy themes compelling an earnings and dividend growth, combined with the largest regulated de - carbonization opportunity in the industry, and unyielding focus on extending our track record of successful project, regulatory, and financial performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Jim. I'll start as usual by commenting on our safety performance. As shown on Slide 7, I'm very pleased that our results over the first 3 quarters of this year are tracking closely to the record-setting OSHA rate that we achieved in 2020. As it relates to our electric utilities, I would note that through the first 3 quarters of this year, we're in the top quartile of performance for the South Eastern electric exchange in combined incident rates. In fact, we're number 1. Now I'll turn to updates around the execution of our growth plan as shown on Slide 8. At gas distribution, in North Carolina, we reached a comprehensive settlement with the public staff last month for our gas operations, with rates based on a 9.6% ROE to be effective this month, and generally in line with our financial plan expectations. The agreement also includes 3 new clean energy programs. A new hydrogen blending pilot which, like our existing blending pilot in Utah, is part of our goal to be ready to blend hydrogen across our entire gas utility footprint by 2030, a new option to allow our customers to purchase R and G attributes and a new and expanded energy efficiency programs. The settlement is pending commission approval. In Utah, we received approval for a program that would enable customers to purchase voluntary carbon offsets. For $5 per month on a typical residential bill, customers who opt into the program will fully offset the carbon impact of their gas distribution use. This program, which like our existing green term program, allows customers to make choices about how to manage and lower their individual carbon profiles. Just one example of our gas distribution service intersects with an increasingly sustainable energy future. In South Carolina new rates were effective beginning September 1st, after the South Carolina Public Service Commission, with the support of all parties, unanimously approved the proposed comprehensive settlement in a General Electric rate case. It's also worth noting that in September, we filed an interim update to our modified 2020 IRP and resource Plan 8, remains the preferred plan, calling for the retirement of all coal fire generation in our South Carolina system by the end of the decade. Turning out of Virginia. Last month we announced a comprehensive rate settlement agreement in our pending triennial rate case in conjunction with the State Corporation Commission staff, the Office of Attorney General, and other intervener parties. We appreciate the balanced, reasonable, and cost-effective approach among the parties, which allowed an agreement which supports continued capital investments in Virginia in order to meet the Commonwealth's Clean Energy priorities and the needs of customers. Those investments include the development of offshore wind, which I will touch on in a few minutes, as well as growing one of the leading state regulated utility solar and battery portfolios in the country. The settlement also provides significant customer benefits as shown on Slide 9, and supports our existing financial earnings guidance. We're very pleased to be extending the track record of constructive regulatory outcomes to the benefit of all stakeholders. We look forward to a final order likely around the end of the year. We'll now move to our Clean Energy filings in Virginia as shown on Slide 10. In September, we made our largest to-date multi-project clean energy riding approved rider approval submission. The filing included about thousand megawatts of solar and battery storage and we expect to receive an order from the SEC in the second quarter of 2022. In October, we filed for rider cost recovery for the capital investment associated with extending the lives of our 2 nuclear units at the Surrey Power Station, and our 2 nuclear units at the North Anna power station, each for an additional 20 years. These units will be upgraded to continue providing significant environmental and economic benefits for many years to come. We expect to receive a final order by mid-2022. Lastly, we've made progress on our grid transformation plans. We participated in hearings with the commission, and based on our filings and testimony, the SEC staff supports or does not oppose approval for nearly all of our capital requests. We expect a final order late this year. Turning to offshore wind where we have an exciting announcement. Today, we're filing our offshore wind application with the SEC, consistent with the project schedule that we communicated previously. Key project milestones are shown on Slide 11. The filing will outline the important details of our process and costs, including contract per selection in terms, project components, transmission routing, capacity factors and permitting. Due to the importance of today's filing milestone, and especially given the sizable volume of information which will be included in this filing, I'm going to spend a little more time than normal this morning summarizing the important aspects. Some background. First, this project represents a viable and needed opportunity for Virginia to achieve its clean energy goals. Once complete in late 2026, this project will generate enough clean energy to power up to 660,000 customer homes and avoid as much as 5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually, which is the carbon equivalent of removing more than a million cars off the road each year. Further, the project is essential to meeting the policy goals set forth in the VCEA and other legislation mandating the development and deployment of renewable generation resources. Lastly, as was contemplated in the BCEA, this investment will be 100% regulated and eligible for rider recovery. As a reminder, capital invested on the riders allow for more timely recovery of prudently incurred investments in costs. They are filed and trued-up annually in single issue proceedings. In Virginia, rider recovery mechanisms use a forward-looking test period and allow for construction work in progress, all of which minimizes traditional regulatory lag. As outlined on Slide 12, we estimate this project will create hundreds of jobs, hundreds of millions of dollars of economic output, and millions of dollars of tax revenue for the state and localities, as well as supporting Virginia in becoming a major hub for the versioning offshore wind industry in North America. For example, last week, Siemens Gamesa announce plans to establish the first offshore wind turbine blade factory in the U.S. The facility located in Hampton Roads, Virginia, will create new jobs and supply turbine blades to offshore wind projects in Virginia and throughout the North American offshore wind industry. Our filing details that we've satisfied the requirements for offshore wind, but let me touch on 3 key tests required for rider cost recovery. First, we've complied with the competitive procurement and solicitation standards for the project. Second, our projected levelized cost of energy or LCOE, of $87 per megawatt hour is substantially lower than the $125 per megawatt hour maximum established by the VCEA. More on that theme in a moment. And third, the VCEA requires that the projects construction commences prior to 2024 for U.S. income tax purposes, or the plan to enter service prior to 2028. Our project schedule satisfies both milestones. The long-term costs to our customers of this project which we believe is the most important metric for a regulated project of this nature, is $87 per megawatt hour, and remains within previously guided levelized cost of energy range of $80 to $90 per megawatt hour. Potential savings realized through future tax legislation could also be passed on to customers. For example, it's still early, but we estimate that further expansion to tax credits benefiting offshore wind would reduce the cost to our customers to $80 per megawatt hour. As we've developed the project to its current stage, we gained critical insights from 2 primary sources. First, our 12-megawatt pilot project which consists of the only operating turbines in federal waters has provided considerable benefit to the development and planning of the full-scale development. For example, the pilot project is providing better information about the wind resources off the coast of Virginia. Initially, we assumed a lifetime capacity factor of 41.5% for the full-scale deployment. After further evaluation of turbine design and wind resources, in addition to the real-time data we've gathered from our test turbines, we've determined that our original assumption was too low. We've revised the lifetime capacity factor to be 43.3%. This is beneficial both for the project as well as our customers because higher-generation will result in a lower LCOE. Secondly, we've contracted with firms that have significant experience in offshore wind farm design, construction, and operations to support the project. When we announced the project in September of 2019, the initial pre -engineering and pre - RFP estimated cost was approximately $8 billion. Since that time through the process of detailed engineering, and most importantly through competitive solicitations for all components and services, we've now developed a detailed budget of approximately $10 billion. As I've been discussing across several quarterly calls now, the cost increase can be attributed to, among other things, commodity and general cost pressures as seems to be the case across a number of industries right now. And the completion of the conceptual design phase for the onshore transmission route, which has gone through extensive stakeholder engagement with consideration given for resiliency and connection into our existing 500 kV system, as well as to minimize impacts on surrounding communities, including environmental justice communities, private lands, environment scenic, and historic resources. A summary of the major components of the competitive bidding process are outlined on Slide 14. These 5 major agreements collectively represent about $6.9 billion. The remaining project costs include $1.4 billion for onshore transmission, substation facilities, and currently projected system upgrades as well as approximately $1.5 billion for other project costs including contingency. The onshore transmission facilities are necessary to interconnect to offshore generation components reliably, and to maintain the structural integrity and reliability of the transmission system in compliance with mandatory NERC standards. As we observed within the industry recently, utility systems are only as good as they are resilient. Our decision to connect this project to the 500 KV transmission system meets these goals and provides the best mechanism to ensure that the project's power will be disbursed and used by customers throughout our service territory. We believe the decisions we're making around onshore engineering configurations will result in the best value for customers. As relates to our [Indiscernible] compliant wind turbine installation vessel, construction remains on track with delivery expected in late 2023, and we continue to expect it to be an invaluable resource to the growing U.S offshore wind industry. Turning to Slide 15, let me discuss how our project cost compares to the other U.S off-shore wind projects. A few observations. First, most of these unregulated or merchant projects remain in the permitting and approval process. For our projects, I would note that it's the only state regulated offshore wind project, we've made considerable progress on development to date, and remain on track to complete construction in late 2026. Next, these offshore wind projects located up and down the East Coast obviously differ significantly in their timing or vintage size and scope. For example, the announced capital costs and expected LCOEs for some projects, include the cost for necessary onshore transmission upgrades and interconnections as our budget does. But some do not. And some headlines focus on the year-1 PPA pricing for many of these unregulated or merchant projects without reflecting the full cost and incorporating such factors as it's pricing, escalation, which we incorporate. Regardless, we show here a comparison based on publicly available information, including all such factors of the levelized cost of energy of those merchant projects to our own regulated project. Turning to slide 16, let me address customer rates in Virginia, inclusive of our offshore wind project. First, a reminder that between 2008 and 2020, our typical residential customer rate increased on average by less than 1% per year, which is much lower than the average annual inflation over that period of closer to 2%. Second, based on EIA data, our typical customer rate is 17% lower than the national average and 36% lower than other states that, like Virginia, have joined Reggie. And third, going forward, we see typical residential rates increasing by a compound annual growth rate of around 2.1% through 2035, which is a comprehensive estimate and includes, among other factors, the impact of the de - carbonization investment programs, like our offshore wind project discussed today. If we move the starting point back to 2008, that rate of increase falls to 1.8%, which is lower than projected inflation for 2021. In summary, we continue to be on an unwavering path to meet Virginia's clean energy goals by 2045, and it's incumbent upon us to deliver energy that is safe, reliable, increasingly sustainable, and affordable. With that, let me summarize our remarks on Slide 17. Our safety performance year-to-date is tracking closely to our record-setting achievement from last year. We reported our 23rd consecutive quarterly result that normalized the weather meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range. We narrowed the range of our 2021 earnings guidance and affirmed our existing long-term earnings and our dividend growth guidance. We're focused on executing our project construction and achieving regulatory outcomes that serve our customers well, and we're aggressively pursuing our vision to be the most sustainable regulated energy Company in America. Lastly, we look forward to seeing many of you next week in person at the EEI Financial Conference. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. At this time, we'll open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Jim Chapman: Morning sir.
Shar Pourreza : Bob or Jim, you got the settlement which as you mentioned in the prepared remarks, does de -risk even the second triennial review. I guess, I just want to touch a little bit on the level of confidence in your plan now. How does that tie-in to the 6.5% EPS growth target that's been out there? And could we see some changes around the capital program as a result of the settlement, maybe when you report year-end results?
Bob Blue: Yeah thanks, Shar. When we set that 6.5% rate in July of last year, July of 2020, we were confident then. We were asked some about it and we said that there's no obviously one input we were asked a lot about this triennial at the time. There's no one input to setting a growth rate like that. It's a variety of inputs and one of the things that we mentioned at the time was we assume that we're going to have constructive regulatory outcomes and we've had those. We had one in South Carolina, and in North Carolina, and in this Virginia triennial. All of that is supportive of that 6.5% growth rate, so we were confident at the time. We announced it. We remain confident; we think we've executed well on regulatory outcomes. And its most recent triennial settlement as a good example of that. As the capital we'll update, capital on the fourth quarter call as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. So the bottom line is, we remain as confident in 6.5% as we did when we announced it.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on coastal wind, it's a huge day to dump so I appreciate that incremental color you provided. The $87 LCOE capital costs are higher, so obviously you're seeing some cost pressures despite being below the projections and still within the range, right. I think the initial cost correct me if I'm wrong, was $8 billion. Can you touch on the customer bill impact here as costs are higher just isolating this project and it seems that the input cost pressures are widespread. So how do you think about mitigating factors assuming these cost headwinds have some persistency?
Bob Blue: Yeah, so the costs? You're right, the capital costs number is, that we estimated earlier now that we've done all of the competitive bidding process and moved from conceptual to firm contracts, has gone up [Indiscernible]. But as we mentioned, the production expectation, that capacity factor out of this, has also gone up as we've got more data which means that the customer bill impact is the same. As we said, it'd be in an $80 to $90 per megawatt hour range, and we're squarely within that at $87. So, you can't focus just on the capital input here on a project like this. You also have to focus on how much electricity is it generating, since it's going to be generating more than we had previously assumed. That's what lands that customer impact, right where we've been talking about in the $80 to $90 range.
Shar Pourreza : Okay, great. Terrific. I think that sort of touches us on it. See you in a few days. Bye guys.
Bob Blue: Thanks Shar.
David Peters: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Peters with Wolfe Research. Hey, good morning, guys.
Jim Chapman: Morning, David.
David Peters: First question I have is just on the recent election outcomes in Virginia. Obviously a lot of focus there nationally and given that you now have a Republican Governor and I think the General Assembly flipped too, wondering if you could maybe just provide some perspective on what you think may or may not change going forward, particularly with respect to energy policy in the state?
Bob Blue: Yeah. Thanks, David. In the last, if you look back over the last 15 years or so in Virginia, I think that party, and power, and the Governor's mansion has changed twice. In the Virginia House of Delegates it's changed twice. In the State Senate it's changed several times. The Senate wasn't up for election this time, it was the governor and House of Delegates. What's remained consistent throughout that period is that our Company has maintained constructive relationships with members of both parties, and we don't see any reason that that would change, and the reason is that what has remained also consistent over that period and even before, is a bipartisan commitment to economic growth and jobs and the economy in Virginia. And if you look at what Governor-elect Youngkin ran on not surprisingly given his extensive business background, he ran on a platform of increasing jobs and economic growth, and we obviously support that. We're going to do everything we can to help him achieve the objectives of growing Virginia's economy. We do that by providing reliable electricity, by keeping energy prices affordable. We've done that over the years. That was our reliability and affordability were recognized by the FCC staff in the recent triennial review so we have a track record there. So what I would expect is that Virginia will continue that bipartisan commitment to jobs and economic development As witnessed in the announcement we talked about in our prepared remarks, the Siemens Gamesa offshore wind blade finishing factory, that was the result of bipartisan work. Both parties deserve credit for that kind of job creation in Tidewater Virginia. We would expect that that's going to continue going forward.
David Peters: Great. Second question is switching gears a little bit just on what's being proposed in Washington with this potential reconciliation bill. Wondering Jim, maybe if you could comment on how meaningful something like a direct day option would be for potentially loosening or lessening future equity needs given the many renewable projects that you guys have here at Omnicom.
Jim Chapman: Yeah Dave, it's a good question. A Lot of commentary on that topic so far this earnings season of both [Indiscernible] in some of that, and I agree with certainly one thing that's come up a lot that it's super hard to speculate on moving target pending and draft with legislation so hasn't landed yet. It's funny, a couple quarters ago on this call, we were all speculating as the impacts of the straight up corporate rate increase -- corporate tax rate increase so how things have changed. But a few thoughts, hard to say exactly what's going to be in the final version but it does seem to us that something is going to pass. So we'll see here next month or two, we imagine it will include the Clean Energy tax incentives and the direct pace future you're talking about. So that kind of thing, an extension of the tax credits under refundable basis, it's pretty clear that's going to be valuable and will benefit probably both our customers and shareholders. We expect incentives are going to reduce the cost of renewables to our customers, could accelerate everything we're doing in our Clean Energy transition, and probably provide some pretty nice cash flow features to fund additional capital investment, seems pretty good, details to come. Now in the same package there is the minimum tax. Not too disturbing for us who are already a cash tax payer. Not everybody is -- but that's going to be based on GAAP earnings. It doesn't start for 23 is the current proposal, so it's still early. How exactly that's going to work. There is a lot of detail to come but even that part we expect as part of this overall package, we think this is all pretty manageable within our existing financial profile and financial trajectory. So we'll get more clarity over time, maybe next quarter we can be talking about facts instead of speculation, but at all -- it's manageable as a package.
David Peters: Appreciate that detail. Thank you, guys.
Jim Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning.
Jim Chapman: Morning Paul.
Bob Blue: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: [Indiscernible] method of update overall because I want to follow-up on Shar 's offshore then question. How should we think about the earnings potential and of the credit consideration from the $2 billion increase in the estimated cost?
Jim Chapman: Yeah, so let me talk to that. So, as we mentioned a couple of times here, we're going to provide a pretty comprehensive update on our fourth quarter call on all those details. We're going to do a 1-year roll-forward on our capital plan and we'll go through everything that's related to that in detail like we did last year -- early this year. The increase in the capital cost is one part of the LCOE; the increase in the capital costs on offshore wind. So a couple of things; keep in mind, that's spread over 6 years. So when you do a 1-year roll-forward, it's going to include that 2026 year, previous version only went through 25, So that will be included, but keep in mind that there are some other gives and takes, some other moving parts in our plan. For example, we announced in our IRP in September that we were undertaking a postponement for further evaluation of a couple of things, like some CTEs in Virginia and pump storage projects, so that's not in the current version of the near-term plan. A lot of gives and takes, some puts and takes. We're going to go through all that on the fourth quarter call, but for the avoidance of doubt, we expect all those updates are going to be supportive of EPS and dividend growth guidance. But you needed to look at it holistically and not just based on the impact of the offshore wind project alone.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, that's clear, looking forward for that update. And then I know you commented on the pipe and prepare market but you could elaborate a little bit on the confidence in the transaction closing, given some of the uncertainties you mentioned and confirming the counter party could not proactively pay the termination to the exit and gigs?
Jim Chapman: Yeah, sure. And let me -- let me -- let me answer that a little bit higher level just for further one's benefit if they're not following, maybe as --- as closely. So we mentioned on the last call, very robust participation is auction. We ran and we feel very good about the announcement we made in October to sell that asset to Southwest Gas Holdings, all-cash transaction almost $2 billion and it is on track. We expect that to close this quarter subject only to HSR clearance. So yes, there is -- there's a lot of back and forth right in the press, we get that but we don't see any impact in our transaction. Our agreement is intentional, on both sides it's airtight. Surplus gas has fully committed financing, is not dependent on the completing equity issuance or anything like that. There are no conditions other than HSR and there is no provision where they could be terminated early. So we feel really good about that. Pretty straightforward, so we look forward to closing later this quarter.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you. Very clear. Looking forward to EEI.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Paul.
Jim Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Bob Blue: Morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to follow up with offshore wind a little bit more here, if I could. Just want to see, how do you see customer bill impacts through the completion of this initial offshore wind phase? And just thinking, what would be the bill impact under the 80 LCOE scenario? I think you might have touched on there with tax credits.
Bob Blue: Yeah. Obviously that would improve the customer bill impact associated with how the project is -- as you correctly identify, if there's a tax benefit that gets passed on to customers we're still sorting through that. But again, based on the inputs that we've defined here, we're just staying right in that 80 to $90 range. So we get the lower-end better for customers and obviously we will have to see how that plays out.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks to that. And then just understanding there's a cross focus with the offshore wind here. Could you outline how the economic benefits in supplier agreements you outline have evolved since this project was first announced?
Bob Blue: Yeah, I think that they've evolved to be pretty consistent with what we expected when the project was first announced. So we had a pretty good idea of what will be involved in terms of construction and construction on onshore for the electric transmission, there may be some additional benefits probably with onshore electrical because that's going to be given what we had to do to route this and to make sure we're connecting to the 500 kV. That's part of what's driving the overall capital costs being greater. So a bigger investment there, more job creation there, but I think the bottom line is this is going to be good for the Hampton Roads economy, good for the Virginia economy. And I think that Siemens Games announcement is really important because it starts the process here in Virginia, a state that is very well-positioned given its location on the East Coast, given its port and the access to the port unobstructed by bridges and the deep water port to be a real hub of offshore wind economic activity. We certainly support that, and we supported that in working with Siemens Gamesa to put that blade factory here. So, the more, the better.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Maybe just one last quick one if I could? Could you speak a bit more to the R&D in hydrogen pilots, how they progressed over the past quarter?
Diane Leopoldo: Hi, good morning, Jeremy. This is Diane Leopoldo. I'll take that one. So, R&D at our program I think is far beyond up pilot now, and we're up and running. We have 1 project that's already in service. So, obviously, starting very small, but we have 5 projects that are under construction now, 2 of which should be entering service in the next couple of months and 4 more that are expected to be under construction by year-end. This is across both our swine and our dairy projects. All projects are doing well. On time, on budget, and we're expecting to keep up that rough pace next year. So that's on the R&D side. On hydrogen that certainly is at the pilot phase. Our Utah pilot, which was at a training facility in Salt Lake City, is just about complete. And the test focused on residential end-use appliances, leak survey equipment, nitrous oxide emissions. The results of those tests confirm that 5% hydrogen blend would not adversely affect the distribution system. All appliance are operated safely there weren't a lot of changes to [Indiscernible]. So we're still doing -- it increased hydrogen blend up to -- from that testing but -- our next steps, several isolated and started the initial design planned test. And we'll be meeting with them over the coming months so that we can launch an expanded pilot probably in early 2023. And then -- project in North Carolina subject to commission.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it.That's very helpful on high vision project side.Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning [Indiscernible] this conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call At this time, your line is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Thanks for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we'll discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the executive management team. I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. I know there's some competition for utility investor’s attention this morning, a couple of competing calls in this time slot. So thank you for joining our call and we promise to keep our call today somewhat brief. Before I report on our strong quarterly financial results, I'm going to start with a recap of our compelling investment proposition and highlight our focus on the consistent execution of our repositioned strategy. We expect to grow our earnings per share 6.5% per year through at least 2025, supported by a $32 billion five-year growth capital plan. As outlined on our fourth quarter call in February, over 80% of that capital investment is emissions reduction enabling and over 70% is rider recovery eligible. We offer a nearly 3.5% yield and expect dividends per share to grow 6% per year based on a target payout ratio of 65%. Taken together, Dominion Energy offers an approximately 10% total return, premised on a pure-play state-regulated utility profile, operating in premier regions of the country. More on that lasting in a minute. Our industry-leading ESG positioning includes the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the nation, which as you'll hear in today's prepared remarks, is steadily transforming from opportunity to reality. Turning now to earnings. Our second quarter 2021 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 4, were $0.76 per share, which included a one pending hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service territories. Both actual results and weather normalized results of $0.77 were above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. So this is our 22nd consecutive quarter, so 5.5 years now of delivering weather normal quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. Note that our second quarter and year-to-date GAAP and operating earnings, together with comparative periods, are adjusted to account for discontinued operations, including those associated with our gas transmission and storage assets. Second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.33 per share and reflect the mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities, unrealized changes in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds, the contribution from Questar pipeline, which will continue to be accounted for as discontinued operations until divested and other adjustments. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is as usual, included in Schedule 2 of our Earnings Release Kit. Turning now to guidance on Slide 5. As usual, we're providing a quarterly guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. For the third quarter of 2021, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.95 and $1.10 per share. We are affirming our existing full year and long-term operating earnings and dividend growth guidance as well. No changes here from prior communications. Through the first half of the year, weather normal operating EPS of $1.86 represents approximately half of our full year guidance midpoint. So we are tracking nicely in line with our expectations. We'll provide our formal fourth quarter earnings guidance, as is typical, on our next earnings call, but let me provide some commentary on the implied cadence of our earnings over the second half of the year. While Q3 guidance is roughly in line with weather normal results from a year ago, we will see a multitude of small year-over-year helps in Q4, such as normal course regulated rider growth, the impact of the South Carolina electric rate settlement, strengthening sales, modest margin help including from Millstone, continued expense management and tax timing that combined will help us to deliver solid second half results. We continue to be very focused on extending our track record of achieving weather normal results, at least equal to the midpoint of our guidance on both a quarterly and annual basis. Turning now to a couple of macro items. First, overall electric sales trends. In Virginia, weather-normalized sales increased 1.2% year-over-year in the second quarter and 3.2% in South Carolina. In both states, increased usage from commercial and industrial segments overcame declines among residential users as the stay-at-home impact of COVID waned, some context on that. You'll recall that demand in DOM Zone last year was, despite the pandemic, pretty resilient due to robust residential and data center demand. So it's not surprising to see South Carolina's relatively higher growth in Q2, given the larger toll COVID had on sales there last year. We're encouraged by the strong return of commercial and industrial volumes in South Carolina in the second quarter. And looking ahead, we expect electric sales growth in our Virginia and South Carolina service territories to continue to a run rate of 1% to 1.5% per year, so similar to what we were observing pre-pandemic. Next, let me discuss what we're seeing around input prices. As discussed on last quarter's call, we're continuing to monitor raw material costs. And it seems to be the case across a number of industries right now, we're observing higher prices, although we have seen a moderation in the upward pressure over the last few months, especially in steel. Despite these cost pressures, as it relates to offshore wind, in particular, we remain confident in our ability to deliver that project, in line with our previously guided levelized cost of energy range of $80 to $90 per megawatt-hour. On the solar side, we're seeing again what others seemed to be seeing supply is tight and prices for steel, poly, and glass are up, but our 2021 projects remain on track with most material now already on site. We're beginning to see moderation in pricing and relief from modest shipping constraints, which bodes well we expect for our post-2021 projects. So, again, we're watching, but no material financial impacts at this time. Let me address a few additional topics on Slide 6. First, Questar Pipeline. Last month, Dominion Energy and Berkshire Hathaway Energy mutually agreed to terminate our planned sale of Questar Pipeline as a result of ongoing uncertainty associated with the timing and the likelihood of ultimately achieving Hart-Scott renewal clearance. A few thoughts here. First, that we obviously felt that a timely clearance and closing was the logical outcome given the facts and circumstances surrounding that transaction. We did build into the original Berkshire sale contract the flexibility to easily accommodate a termination if needed. Second, we are already at a reasonably advanced stage of an alternate competitive sale process for Questar Pipeline with expected closing by the end of this year. Third, its termination has no impact on the sale of the gas transmission storage assets to Berkshire which we successfully completed back in November of last year and which represented approximately 80% of the originally announced transaction value. And finally, this termination nor the outcome of the ongoing sale process impacts Dominion Energy's existing financial guidance. As mentioned, Questar Pipeline will continue to be accounted for as discontinued operations excluded from the company's calculation of operating earnings. Briefly, on credit, we've continued to deliberately enhance our qualitative and quantitative credit measures. Last month we were pleased to see Fitch upgrade Dominion Energy South Carolina's credit rating from BBB+ to A-. Fitch cited both improved regulatory relationships including the unanimous approval of the General Electric rate settlement, which Bob will discuss in some more detail as well as good balance sheet management. So, let me turn now to a couple of ESG-related topics. In June, we announced the successful syndication of sustainability-linked credit facilities totaling $6.9 billion and we very much appreciate the efforts and support of all the banks who work with us on what we view as a very interesting new type of financing. The $6 billion master credit facility links pricing to achievement of annual renewable electric generation and diversity and inclusion milestones. And the $900 million supplemental facility presents a first-of-its-kind structure where pricing benefits accrue for draws related to qualified environmental and social spending programs. So in other words, going forward, if we meet or exceed our quantifiable goals in these areas, our borrowing costs decline. And of course, the opposite is also true. If we fail to meet our goals, we pay more. But for this financing, we're very much putting our money where our mouth is when it comes to ESG performance. And we're looking for more ways to deploy green capital raises as we execute on our fixed income financing plan during the balance of the year. In July, we issued an updated and comprehensive climate report, which reflects the task force on climate-related financial disclosures or TCFD methodology. We are just one of six US electric utilities that have pledged formal support for TCFD. As described in the report, which is available on our website, we have modeled several potential pathways to achieve net zero emissions across our electric and gas business that reflect 1.5-degree scenarios and are consistent with the Paris Agreement on climate change. The climate report shows we are a leader in both greenhouse gas emission reductions over the last 15 years and in our commitment to transparent progress towards our goal of net zero emissions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Jim. Good morning everyone. I'll begin my prepared remarks by commenting on our safety performance. As shown on Slide 7, I'm very pleased that our results over the first two quarters of this year surpassed even our record-setting results from last year. Our safety performance matters immensely to our more than 17,000 employees to their families and to the communities we serve which is why it matters so much to us and why it's our first core value. Turning to Slide 8. I often describe our pure-play state-regulated strategy as centering around five premier states all of which share the philosophy that a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation puts a priority on safety, reliability, affordability and increasingly sustainability. We were pleased that CNBC's list of America's top states for business ranked Virginia, North Carolina and Utah as one, two and three respectively a podium sweep for three of our five primary jurisdictions with a fourth major service territory Ohio also ranking in the top 10. This is the second consecutive number one ranking for Virginia. Obviously, an assessment of this variety is just one of several possible ways to evaluate state-specific business environments, but we're pleased with the independent confirmation of what we observe every day working on the ground in all of our regions. We've strategically repositioned our business around the state-regulated utility model in order to offer investors increased stability, which is further enhanced by our concentration in these fast-growing constructive and business-friendly states. Next, I'd like to highlight the outstanding work done across our operating segments by the women and men of Dominion Energy who exemplify our core values of safety, ethics, excellence, embracing change and One Dominion Energy. At gas distribution, our colleagues have collaborated across our national footprint to share best practices resulting in a nearly 20% reduction of third-party excavation damage to our underground infrastructure as compared to 2019. Each instance of damage prevention enhances the safety and reliability of our system while also reducing the emissions profile of our operations. At Dominion Energy South Carolina, our ability to work in close partnership with state and local officials combined with our commitment to meet an aggressive timeline for electric and gas service delivery were key to attracting a new $400 million brewery to the state last year. The facility is expected to create 300 local jobs and is one of the largest breweries built in the United States in the last 25 years. Being on time, however, wasn't good enough for our South Carolina colleagues who safely completed the infrastructure upgrades and installation ahead of an already ambitious schedule. We take pride in examples like this that demonstrate how DESC plays a key role in supporting South Carolina's economic and job growth. And in Virginia, despite several days of near-record peak demand in June our generation colleagues delivered exceptional performance as evidenced by the absence during those periods of any forced outages across our fleet. Our transmission and distribution team members kept the grid operating flawlessly under demanding load conditions, while also keeping pace with robust residential connects and remarkable data center demand growth which continues the trend of robust growth over the last several years with no end in sight. I'll now turn to updates around the execution of our growth plan. The 2.6 gigawatt Coastal Virginia offshore wind project received its notice of intent or NOI from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management in early July consistent with the timeline we had previously communicated. The issuance of an NOI formally commenced the federal permitting review which based on our previously disclosed timeline is expected to take about two years. Key schedule milestones are shown on Slide 10. Later this year, we'll file our CPCN and rider applications with the Virginia State Corporation Commission. In June we announced an agreement with Orsted and Eversource under which they will charter our Jones Act-compliant wind turbine installation vessel for the construction of two offshore wind farms in the Northeast. The vessel remains on track for delivery in late 2023 and will be an invaluable resource to DEV as well as to the growing US offshore wind industry. Turning to Slide 11. The Virginia triannual review is currently in discovery phase and the company is providing timely responses to requests for information all of which generally conform with what we would reasonably expect during a rate proceeding of this size and complexity. As a reminder, the earnings review applies only to the Virginia base portion of our rate base which becomes smaller as a percentage of DEV and Dominion Energy during our forecast period. Virginia rider investments like offshore wind, solar, battery storage, nuclear life extension and electric transmission which are outside the scope of the proceeding represent the vast majority of the growth at DEV. We've provided a summary of our filing position as well as key milestones in the procedural schedule. A few items to reiterate here. First our filing highlights the compelling value we've provided to customers during the review period of 2017 through 2020. We've delivered safe and reliable service at affordable rates that are well below regional ready and national averages all while taking aggressive steps to accelerate decarbonization by pursuing early retirement of fossil fuel and power generation units. Second, at the direction of the general assembly we've provided over $200 million of customer arrears forgiveness to assist families and businesses in overcoming financial difficulties caused by the pandemic. Third, we've invested over $300 million in CCRO-eligible projects including our offshore wind test project which is the first operational wind turbines built in federal waters in the United States. Finally, our filing reports a regulatory return that aligns closely to our authorized ROE, plus the 70 basis point color. Inclusive of arrears forgive us this financial result warrants neither refund nor a change to revenues. While offshore wind and the triennial review are understandably areas of focus, we'd be remiss if we didn't also highlight the blocking and tackling, we're doing to advance other very material growth investments and their associated regulatory processes for the benefit of our customers, communities and the environment. Since our last update, we received our fourth consecutive regulatory approval for investments in utility-owned rider recoverable solar projects. We've now surpassed 1,000 megawatts of Dominion Energy-owned solar generation in service in Virginia and there is a lot more to come. In fact, our pipeline of company-owned solar projects in Virginia under various stages of development currently totals nearly 4,000 megawatts which gives us great confidence in our ability to achieve the solar capacity targets, set forth in Virginia law and which support our long-term growth capital plans. In the very near-term about 25 days to be specific, we'll make our next and largest today clean energy submission. We expect the filing to include as many as 1,100 megawatts of utility-owned and PPA solar, roughly consistent with the 65-35 split identified in the Virginia Clean Economy Act. It will also include around 100 megawatts of battery storage including, 70 megawatts of utility-owned projects. Taken together, the filing will represent as much as $1.5 billion of utility-owned and rider-eligible investment, further derisking our growth capital guidance provided on our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Next the State Corporation Commission approved our inaugural renewable portfolio standard development plan and rider filings, this annual accounting is mandated under the VCEA and provide a status update on the company's progress towards meeting both, near-and-long-term requirements under the state's RPS targets. We received commission approval for our Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative or REGI rider file. Under state law, Virginia has joined with other REGI states to promote a marketplace for emissions credits with the goal of significantly reducing greenhouse gases overtime. And this approval allows for timely recovery, of our cost of compliance. Next we received authorization from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, to extend the life of our two nuclear units at the Surry power station for an additional 20 years. These units currently provide around 45% of the state's zero carbon generation and under this authorization will be upgraded to continue providing significant environmental and economic benefits for many years to come. We expect to file for rider cost recovery associated with license renewal capital investment later this year. And last but not least, progress on our grid's transformation plans. Our first phase covering 2019 through 2021 is well underway. And we recently filed our Phase II plan with Virginia regulators, covering the years 2022 and 2023. The second phase includes approximately $669 million in capital investment, which is needed to facilitate and optimize the integration of distributed energy resources, while continuing to address the reality that reliability and security are vital to our company and its customers. We expect the final CPCN order around the end of the year. Our customers and our policymakers have made it abundantly clear. They want cleaner energy. And they want it delivered safely, reliably and affordably. We're therefore very pleased to be executing on that vision on multiple fronts, while extending the track record of constructive regulatory outcomes to the benefit of all stakeholders. Turning now to our gas distribution business, we're leading the industry in initiatives to reduce the carbon footprint of our essential natural gas distribution services. Our efforts include modifications to our operating and maintenance procedures, systemic pipeline and other aging infrastructure replacement, third-party damage prevention, piloting applications for hydrogen blending, producing and promoting the use of carbon-beneficial renewable natural gas, and offering innovative customer programs. For example, in Utah, we're seeking approval for a program that would enable customers to purchase voluntary carbon offsets. For around $5 per month on a typical residential bill, customers that opt into the program will offset the carbon impact of their gas distribution use. This program, which like our existing green therm program allows customers to make choices about how to manage and lower their individual carbon profile is just one way we're reimagining how gas distribution service intersects with an increasingly sustainable energy future. Along those lines our hydrogen blending pilot in Utah is performing in line with expectations and we're in the planning stages of expanding the pilot to test communities. We filed for a similar blending pilot in North Carolina and are evaluating appropriate next steps for blending in our Ohio system. And as it relates to our already industry-leading renewable natural gas platform, we're pleased to announce an expansion of our strategic alliance with Vanguard Renewables. As a result, we expect to grow our dairy RNG portfolio from six projects in five states to 22 projects in seven states through the second half of the decade and enhance our development pipeline with specific projects towards our aspirational goal of investing up to $2 billion by 2035. Our current pipeline of projects will result in an estimated annual reduction of 5.5 million metric tons of CO2e, which is the equivalent to removing 1.2 million cars from the road. Turning now to South Carolina. On July 21st, the South Carolina Public Service Commission with the support of all parties unanimously approved the proposed comprehensive settlement in the pending general electric rate case. We appreciate the collaborative approach among the parties over the last six months, which allowed us to produce this agreement that provides significant customer benefits as shown on Slide 14; supports our ability to continue providing safe, reliable, affordable and increasingly sustainable energy; and aligns with our existing consolidated financial earnings guidance. Further the approval allows all parties to turn the page and focus on South Carolina's bright energy future. It's also worth noting that the commission also recently approved our modified IRP, which favors a plan that would result in the retirement of all coal-fired generation in our South Carolina system by the end of the decade. While the IRP is an informational filing and does not provide approval or disapproval for any specific capital project, we look forward to continuing to work with stakeholders including the commission to drive towards an increasingly low carbon future. Before I summarize these prepared remarks and open the line for your questions, I'd like to recognize three interrelated organizational changes we announced yesterday that will affect our team and our Investor Relations efforts. First, Senior Vice President, Craig Wagstaff who's provided over 10 years of exemplary leadership for our gas utility operations in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming will be retiring early next year. And I can say definitively on behalf of all of our colleagues, he will be sorely missed. Craig joined Questar Corp. in 1984 and we have benefited greatly from his contributions since the Dominion Energy Questar merger in 2016. Best wishes to Craig and his family and his retirement. We’ve ask Steven Ridge, our current Vice President of Investor Relations to relocate to Salt Lake City in effective October 1st, assume the role of Vice President and General Manager for our Western natural gas distribution operations. Steven has been a valuable member of our IR efforts over the last nearly four years. And I think it's gotten to know most of you pretty well. We have every confidence in his ability to follow Craig's long-standing example of serving our Utah, Wyoming and Idaho customers and communities well. And, finally, David McFarland who's been working on our Investor Relations team since October of last year, will assume responsibility for our IR efforts as Steven transitions into his new role later this year. We congratulate David, on this new opportunity. Our investors should expect no change to our aim to provide consistently a high level of responsiveness and accuracy they've grown to expect from our current IR team. With that let me summarize our remarks on Slide 15. Our safety performance year-to-date is on track to improve upon last year's record-setting achievement. We reported our 22nd consecutive quarterly result as normalized for weather meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range. We affirmed our existing annual and long-term earnings guidance and our dividend growth guidance. We're focused on executing across project construction and achieving regulatory outcomes that serve our customers well and we're aggressively pursuing our vision to become the most sustainable regulated energy company in America. With that we're ready to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor to questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Paul Zembardo [ph] with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Bob Blue: Paul, morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Congratulations Steve and David on the new role, well deserved.
Steven Ridge: Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: Just going to ask, can you provide a little more of an update on the conversations you're having around Questar pipe sales process such as what parties you're talking to and balancing the considerations there? Any additional color you're willing to provide will be appreciated. Thank you. 
Jim Chapman: Yes. Sure, Paul. Thanks for joining. Good question. You'll probably appreciate that we need to exercise a little bit of discretion as we're in the middle of process. So more information will come over time. But really high level, we of course, laid the groundwork for this process with a bunch of preparation prior to the termination of the prior deal. So we're in a pretty good spot. We are -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're in the relatively advanced stage of that process of an auction process. We have, for example, received first round bids. I can say that the participation and the interest level is certainly robust. We have a really good number of highly credible, strategic and financial participants there. And beyond that, I'm sorry to say more information will come. We'll provide updates when we can. But it's very much on track. We're satisfied with the progress. And we, as mentioned, expect that transaction to close late this year. But again, no impact one way or the other on our financial guidance of operating earnings for the year. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you for that. Also I wanted to check, given the relatively unique geographic footprint you have being in Virginia, could you discuss some potential opportunities you're focused on from the draft infrastructure bill, threats around some of the support for advanced clean technologies, renewables procurement, things like that? Thank you.
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I think it would come as no surprise, we're philosophically very much aligned with the intent of the package. We are focused on rural broadband, EV charging, grid reliability and resiliency. These are all items that are in that package that we're – we think make a lot of sense. So we'll obviously be watching as it makes its way through the process, pay attention to how the details get work out - worked out for appropriations, if the bill passes. A couple of specifics. We're very much in favor of support for R&D on clean technologies like hydrogen, small modular reactors. Those are things that we're focused on. And to the extent that, there's broad-based support that allow a commercialization in a way that can be quick and customer beneficial, we think that's very important and certainly something that we support. And obviously, clean energy manufacturing tax credits, which can help enable U.S. renewable supply, particularly offshore wind and solar, we think are really valuable. So we're very much engaged in Washington and participating in the process. We like the direction that it's going. Details yet to come, but we think there are some real possibilities there.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, again.
Jim Chapman: Hey, Paul, I wasn't fast enough on the draw there when we started. I failed to mention – congratulations to you too on your new role at BAML, also well deserved. We look forward to working with you in this new context.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. And we really appreciate you not reporting yesterday with everyone else.
Jim Chapman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Peters with Wolfe Research.
David Peters: Yeah. Hey, good morning, everyone.
Bob Blue: Good morning.
Jim Chapman: Good morning, Dave.
David Peters: First question I just have is on the triennial review in Virginia. I know, you have intervener and staff testimony due next month. But can you maybe just better frame out some expectations heading into that? And also understanding that, downside risk is limited in this case just by law, but could you also touch on or remind us some of the tools for the T2 review?
Bob Blue: Yeah, sure. Thanks, David. So on triennial one, look, it's a rate proceeding. And we would expect, as in any rate proceeding, that there's going to be a wide variety of approaches and positions taken by the parties. We'll obviously know more as you said in the question early September, we'll hear from interveners. And then a couple of weeks later, we'll hear from the staff. So we'll get a sense then, but it's a rate case covering a four-year period and then setting rates going forward with the guardrail you mentioned. So I wouldn't be surprised, if we see a pretty wide variety of opinions expressed by the parties. But if you take a step back and just think about the bigger picture here in that case, we have rates below national regional averages. Our performance of our utility is outstanding on the generation and the wire side. And we're reducing our emissions and improving – reducing our impact on the environment. And so that's a pretty good place to be in a rate case. So we feel very good about that. As to T2, that's obviously – we're only a few months into the period that is going to be reviewed for T2. So a lot of details yet to go on the second triennial. But the tools that are in the toolbox like the customer credit reinvestment offset will be available to us in triennial 2. And then, as we pointed out in our prepared remarks and as we've noted for some time, as we move forward in this plan, the portion of our earnings that come from Virginia base as opposed to the rest of the business and in Virginia, in particular, the riders, decreases as a percentage of the overall amount. So, I think those are important considerations to keep in mind. Obviously, a long ways to go between now and triennial 2, but we've got tools in the toolbox and the percentage of our earnings affected by triennial 2 as compared to the rest of the company will continue to decrease.
David Peters: Great. And then, maybe just one more. I know you have another filing pending before the Corporation Commission for capital related to the great transformation plan. I think last time in your Phase 1 plan, there were some disallowances for some of the grid-mod related spend. But just could you give us a sense of how you're feeling about your proposal this time around? And has kind of anything changed?
Bob Blue: So, we're feeling very good about our proposal this time around. So last time, bear in mind, I think, about $200 million of capital got approved in the filing last time, but some things have changed since that last filing. The most significant one is that the Virginia Clean Economy Act has passed, and we now have an obligation to seek approval for a substantial amount of renewables over the course of the next 1.5 decades shore -- offshore wind storage all of that. And we're going to need to modify the grid in order to make sure that we keep operating in that environment. And that's what we told the commission in that filing. Things like Distributed Energy Resource management system will be incredibly important in this new world that we're moving into. So the Clean Economy Act is different. That didn't exist when we filed last time. Obviously, we also have the benefit of what we heard from the commission and the order on the last filing, and we can target and we have targeted what we're doing with this most recent filing based on precisely what they told us last time. And then, some of this filing is continuation of programs that they did approve last time. As I mentioned, they approved $200 million of capital in the last filing. So, all of those factors lead us to believe that we should have a lot of confidence in that filing. We'll hear, as I said in the opening, around the end of this year, but it's a strong filing. It's important for us as we integrate additional renewables to make sure that we operate the system well.
David Peters: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Blue: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start off with RNG. I know you guys touched on that a bit in the slides here, but I just wanted to see if you can outline the expanded Vanguard alliance a bit more and the factors that went behind this expansion. How does this fit within your overall R&D strategy, I guess going forward?
Diane Leopold: Okay. Sure. Good morning, Jeremy. Diane Leopold, here. So, as Bob outlined in his prepared remarks, we really see RNG as a great way to intersect the essential gas service that we provide in reliable and affordable means to our customers in all of our states with our local gas distribution companies and enhanced sustainability. So, while this is a very early phase of development with renewable natural gas that we have been on the path on for the last several years, we decided in our investments to focus on agricultural RNG, so our swine and our dairy partnerships. And the reason we did that is because we believe that was the most carbon-negative, carbon-beneficial means to capture methane and repurpose that waste stream for a more environmentally friendly use. So, when it comes to the actual investment side of it, we now already have between both partnerships one project in service, which happens to be a swine project; and five projects under construction; and several more under construction by year-end. So as we were looking at our Vanguard partnership, we were really moving forward with development of a lot of prospects at a good rate and we saw enough interest in the demand for this renewable natural gas, multiyear contracts with customers that are interested in ensuring a source of supply for their sustainability targets. So we're really looking to develop these projects in the short to medium term for these customers. It could be the transportation market. It could be other local distribution companies. It could be thermal industrial users. And then long term, look to our regulated gas customers to help them lower their carbon footprint. So, we're working with stakeholders and regulators and policymakers towards that goal. And the green therm programs in Utah and we've already asked for in North Carolina is just one step in that path to try to move the renewable natural gas towards our regulated customers.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks for that. And maybe, I just want to come back to Questar for a moment if I could. I know, you can't comment too much on the sales process here, but just wanted to hear your thoughts the overall environment to sell an asset now. I think oil was approaching negative 37 when you were first marketing it. Now, it's about 70. Just wondering any thoughts you could share about the environment to sell a midstream asset now.
Jim Chapman: All right, Jeremy. I'm taking notes during your question. I'm going to distribute that to our bidder universe like where we're going. Well, look, the environment is pretty strong. As you know in the last year, equities are up midstream phase, commodities way up as you mentioned, equities are up in part because, for true midstream companies, growth is up, so all good, means the macro environment is good. I would mention just to moderate that a little bit that, Questar pipeline this asset as you know, it's awesome. It's an awesome asset. It is though a utility like. That's the way we always operated it what it is now. It earns money through long-term contracts for its capacity. So, it's not really as much as a rocket ship up or down, as maybe the overall midstream true midstream market. That said though, we're pretty happy with where we're going, robust interest as mentioned and we'll come back and give updates as soon as we can.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Jim Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, David, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we'll discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate, are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations Web site to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Bob Blue, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the executive management team. I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, Steven. Before we provide our business update, I'd like to take a moment to remember our friend, Tom Farrell. Tom's passing on April 2nd was heartbreaking to those of us who loved, admired and respected him. We've heard from so many people including many of you about Tom's impact on the industry and the people who work in and around it. It's quite clear that while Tom's list of professional accomplishments was long, the list of people whose lives he touched was much, much longer. He can be gruff occasionally, many of us participating on this call may have experienced that from time to time but much more often, we experienced his generosity, his loyalty, his dry sense of humor and his focus on improving our company, our community and our industry. We should all seek to emulate his example, a consistent commitment to ethics and integrity to excellence and perhaps most of all, to the safety of our colleagues. He cherished his friends and family most of all. I can't [Technical Difficulty]…
Jim Chapman: …from around the world. Thank you all. As Bob said, we will very much miss Tom.  Let me now turn to our business update. Following the in depth review and roll forward of our capital spending outlook we provided last quarter, our prepared remarks today will be relatively brief. We are very focused on overall execution, including extending our track record of meeting or exceeding our quarterly guidance midpoints as we did again this quarter.  I'll start my review on Slide 4, with a reminder of Dominion Energy's compelling total shareholder return proposition. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2025, supported by our updated $32 billion five year growth capital plan. Keep in mind that over 80% of that capital investment is emissions reduction enabling and that over 70% is rider eligible. We offer an attractive dividend yield of approximately 3.2%, reflecting a target payout ratio of 65% and an expected long term dividend per share growth rate of 6% [Technical Difficulty] this resulting approximately 10% total shareholder return proposition is combined with an attractive pure play, state regulated utility profile characterized by industry leading ESG credentials and the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the country, as shown on the next slide. Our 15 year opportunity is estimated to be over $70 billion with multiple programs that extend well beyond our five year plan and skew meaningfully towards rider style regulated cost of service recovery. We believe we offer the largest, the broadest in scope, the longest in duration and the most visible regulated decarbonization opportunity among US utilities. The successful execution of this plan will benefit our customers, communities, employees and the environment. Turning now to earnings. Our first quarter 2021 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 6, were $1.09 per share, which included a penny hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service territories. This represents our 21st consecutive quarter, so over five years now, of delivering weather normal quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $1.23 per share. The difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the three months ended March 31st was primarily attributable to a net benefit associated with nuclear decommissioning trusts and economic hedging activities, partially offset by other charges. A summary of such adjustments between operating and reported results, is as usual, included in Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Turning on to guidance on Slide 7. As usual, we're providing a quarterly guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. For the second quarter of 2021, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.70 and $0.80 per share. We are affirming our existing full year and long term operating earnings and dividend guidance as well. No changes here from prior guidance.  Turning to Slide 8, and briefly on financing. Since January, we've issued $1.3 billion of long term debt, consistent with our 2021 financing plan guidance at a weighted average cost of 2.4%. Thanks to all who participated in these important offerings and as a reminder, we'll have additional fixed income issuance at Dominion Energy Virginia, at gas distribution at Dominion Energy South Carolina and at our parent company during the remainder of the year. For avoidance of doubt, there's no change to our prior common equity issuance guidance. Wrapping up my remarks, let me touch briefly on potential changes to the Federal Tax Code. Obviously, it's still early days with a lot of unknowns. But at a high level, we see an increase in the corporate tax rate as being close to neutral on operating earnings based on, as is the case for all regulated entities, the assumed pass through for cost of service operations, an increase in parent level interest tax shield and the extension and expansion of clean or green tax credits, all of which will be offset by higher taxes on our contracted assets segment earnings. We also expect modest improvement in credit metrics. [By] (ph) monitoring the contemplated minimum tax rules closely and would note the administration's support for renewable development suggests the ability to use renewable credits to offset any such minimum tax rule. More to come over time on that front. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, Jim. I'll begin with safety. As shown on Slide 9, through the first three months of 2021, we're tracking closely to the record setting OSHA rate that we achieved in 2020. In addition, we're seeing record low levels of lost time and restricted duty cases, which measure more severe incidents. Of course, the only acceptable number of safety incidents is zero, and we will continue to work toward that critical goal. Let me provide a few updates around our execution across the strategy. We're pleased that the 2.6 gigawatt Coastal Virginia offshore wind project has been declared a covered project under Title 41 of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act program, also known as FAST 41. The federal permitting targets now published under that program are consistent with the project schedule that we shared on the fourth quarter call in February. Key schedule milestones are shown side by side on Slide 10. We continue to be encouraged by the current administration's efforts to provide a pathway to timely processing of offshore wind projects. In the meantime, we're advancing the project as follows: we're processing competitive solicitations for equipment and services to achieve the best possible value for customers and in accordance with the prudency requirements of the VCEA. Interest in those RFPs has been robust. We're analyzing performance data from our test turbines, which have been operational for several months now and are to date, generating at capacity factors that are higher than our initial expectations. Recall, we had assumed a lifetime capacity factor of around 41% for the full scale deployment. Further evaluation of turbine design and wind resource in addition to the data we're gathering in real time suggest that our original assumption is too low. Higher generation would result in lower energy costs for customers. We're monitoring raw material costs, and it seems to be the case across a number of industries right now, we're observing higher prices. In the case of steel, for example, the return of pandemic idled steel making capacity hasn't yet caught up to global demand. We'll continue to monitor raw material cost trends as we move towards procurement later in the project timeline. We're moving into the detailed design phase for onshore transmission. As we observed within the industry recently, utility systems are only as good as they are resilient, which is one of the reasons that we made the decision in 2019 to go the extra distance to connect to our 500 kV transmission system, to ensure that the project's power will be available when our customers need it most. We believe that decisions we're making around onshore engineering configurations will ultimately result in the best value for customers. And finally, our Jones Act compliant wind turbine installation vessel is being constructed and is on track for delivery in late 2023. We expect the vessel will be an invaluable resource to DEV as well as to the US offshore wind industry. We expect to announce further details on nonaffiliate vessel charters in the near term. In summary, lots of very exciting progress, which will continue through the summer, including our expected notice of intent from BOEM in June. As is typical for a project of this size at this phase of development, there will be some puts and takes as work continues. Taken as a whole, there's no change to our confidence around the project's expected LCOE range of $80 to $90 per megawatt hour. Near the end of the year, we'll file our CPCN and rider applications with the Virginia State Corporation Commission and we'll be in a position at that time to provide additional details around contractor selection and terms, project components, transmission routing, project costs, capacity factors and permitting. Turning to updates around other select emissions reduction programs. On solar, on Friday, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved our most recent Clean Energy filing, which included 500 megawatts of solar capacity across nine projects, including over 80 megawatts of utility owned solar, the fourth consecutive such approval. We also recently issued an RFP for an additional 1,000 megawatts of solar and onshore wind as well as 100 megawatts of energy storage and 100 megawatts of small scale solar projects and 8 megawatts of solar to support our community solar program. Our next clean energy filing, which we expect to include solar and battery storage projects, will take place later this year. Since our last call, we've continued to derisk our plan to meet the VCEA solar milestone by putting another 30,000 acres of land under option, bringing the total to nearly 100,000 acres of optioned or exclusive land agreements, which is enough to support the approximately 10 gigawatts of utility owned solar as called for by the Virginia Clean Economy Act. Our nuclear life extension, just this morning, the NRC authorized 20 year life extensions for our two Surry units in Virginia. The Surry station provides around 15% of the state's total electricity and around 45% of the state's zero carbon generation. This authorization is a critical step in ensuring the plant will continue to provide significant environmental and economic benefits for many years to come. We expect to file with the FCC for rider recovery of relicensing spend late this year for both Surry and North Anna stations. Our gas distribution business, as we've discussed in the past, our gas utility operations are enhancing sustainability and working to reduce Scope 1 and 3 emissions with focused efforts around energy efficiency, renewable natural gas and hydrogen blending, operational modifications and potential changes around procurement practices. For example, as part of our recently filed natural gas rate case in North Carolina, we asked the North Carolina Utilities Commission to approve five new sustainability oriented programs. Hydrogen blending pilot, that's part of our goal to be able to blend hydrogen across our entire gas utility footprint by 2030, a new option to allow our customers to purchase RNG attributes and three new energy efficiency programs. Finally, in South Carolina. The South Carolina Office of Regulatory Staff recently filed a report finding that our revised IRP met the requirements of the law and the Public Service Commission's order requiring the modified filing. As a reminder, the preferred plan and the revised filing calls for the retirement of all coal fired generation in our South Carolina system by the end of the decade, which helps to drive a projected carbon reduction of nearly 60% by 2030 as compared to 2005. While the IRP is an informational filing, does not provide approval or disapproval for any specific capital project, we look forward to continuing to talk with stakeholders, including the commission about an increasingly low carbon future. An order is expected from the Public Service Commission by June 18th. Turning to the regulatory landscape, let me provide a brief update on our Virginia triennial review filing, which we submitted at the end of March. As shown on Slide 12, the filing highlights Dominion Energy Virginia's exceptionally reliable and affordable service. The state's careful and thoughtful approach to utility regulation has resulted in a model that prioritizes long term planning that protects customers from service disruptions and bill shocks. Consider these facts, 99.9% average reliability delivered at rates that are between 8% and 35% lower than comparable peer groups. We're proud of our record and the work we do to serve customers every single day. Our filing also reflects over $200 million of customer arrears forgiveness as directed by the general assembly, relief that is helping our most vulnerable customers address the financial impacts of COVID-19. The filing also identifies nearly $5 billion of investment in rate base on behalf of our customers over the four year review period, including $300 million of capital investment in renewable energy and grid transformation projects that we believe meet the eligibility criteria for reinvestment credits for customers. The commission's procedural schedule is shown here. We've included additional details regarding the case as filed in the appendix for your review and look forward to engaging with stakeholders in coming months. It's clear to us that the existing regulatory model is working exceptionally well for customers, communities and the environment in Virginia. We're delivering increasingly clean energy while protecting reliability and safeguarding affordability. In South Carolina, we continue to engage in settlement discussions with the other parties as highlighted in our monthly filings before the commission. We aren't able to discuss specifics of that process but can report that all parties appear committed to working toward a mutually agreeable resolution. Finally, let me highlight noteworthy developments in the legislative landscape for our company. In Virginia, during the now adjourned session, the Virginia General Assembly passed House Bill 1965, which adopts low and zero emissions vehicle programs that mirror vehicle emission standards in California. The law, which has been signed by the governor, ensures that more electric vehicles are manufactured and sold in Virginia. It will likely take a few years before we see the significant and inevitable ramp up in electric vehicle adoption in our service territory, but we're taking steps today to be prepared for the incremental electric demand and associated infrastructure. That includes regional coordination with other utilities to ensure highway corridors that ensure seamless charging networks, support for in territory EV charging infrastructure, which includes a significant investment in a variety of grid transformation projects, as well as the rollout of time of use programs. At the federal level, we're encouraged by the support we're seeing for our offshore wind project. We applaud efforts to increase funding for the research and development of technologies that will allow the utility industry to drive further carbon emissions reductions. We're philosophically aligned with the current administration and wanting to accelerate decarbonization across the utility value chain, while also recognizing that the energy we deliver must remain reliable and affordable. It's still early but we're engaging in the process of policy formation and monitoring developments closely and continue to believe we are well positioned to succeed in an increasingly decarbonized world. I'll conclude the call with the summary on Slide 13. Our safety performance year-to-date is tracking closely to our record setting achievement from last year. We reported our 21st consecutive quarterly result that normalized for weather, meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range. We affirmed our existing long term earnings and dividend guidance. We're focused on executing across the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the nation to the benefit of our customers. And we're aggressively pursuing our vision to be the most sustainable energy company in America. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick questions here. First, we've seen others revise estimates on Uri. Any update on how kind of how Uri impacted your customers and fuel costs, are you still okay there? And how are you sort of thinking about maybe resiliency spend for renewables based on maybe some of what you've observed as a result of Uri, any incremental spend associated with that, that we should be thinking about there?
Bob Blue: Shar, it's Bob. I'll let Jim take the first part of that question, and then I'll answer the second.
Jim Chapman: We're hearing a lot about this topic across the industry this quarter, of course. For us -- let me walk through it. So there's no impact for us at all in our electric operations, of course, given our geographic location. On the gas side, very minimal cost impact in Ohio, West Virginia, North Carolina, those businesses kind of leveraged their storage assets to minimize purchasing during that week. In Utah, it's interesting, though, we did see increased gas purchases. We saw price spikes in the Rockies region for gas during that week, of course. And we had increased gas purchases of our own during that period in the range of about $60 million. Now as a reminder, those costs are covered by customers, but we think it's a modest cost to customers. So no financial impact to the company from that. But what's interesting is the strength of the operational and the regulatory design there, really saved customers very significant costs during that period. And those are twofold. One is Wexpro, the regulated fuel supply arm. So during that week, customers got the benefit of that cost of service supply, so insulated from price spikes. And then second, contracting. Questar Gas is, I think it's the largest contractor for a storage capacity for Clay Basin there in the Rockies region. So without those features, that $60 million would have been multiples and many multiples higher. So pretty positive reflection of the operational and regulatory profile there. But overall, big picture, pretty manageable and scale for us. Bob?
Bob Blue: I think it's important to remember that the regulatory models in the states where we do business and particularly our electric states in Virginia and South Carolina are very well suited to operate a reliable system for our customers, and that is absolutely the number one priority for our customers, is keeping the lights on. And so on the generation side that means things like having diverse fuel mix, making sure the design basis for equipment is right for the circumstances under which it's going to operate, considerations for fuel security, firm transportation for natural gas. And on the T&D side, it would be advanced simulations of the effect of events on the grid, innovative equipment and engineering new voltage control devices, for example, And it means a robust communications infrastructure. And in Virginia, all of those types of investments that I was just describing are contemplated in both the Clean Economy Act and Grid Transformation and Security Act from 2018, things like grid mod, strategic undergrounding storage. So we feel very good about that now. But we're reviewing to see whether any of our resiliency efforts need to be expanded or we need to add new resiliency programs. And we do that all the time, by the way. We learn from experiences on our own system and other systems. So I'd just sum up by saying nothing changes on the clean energy capital investment front. We're confident we will continue that investment and operate reliably and the scope of any additional reliability investments and resiliency investments remains to be seen, but we're studying what is best for our customers right now as we've been doing for decades.
Shar Pourreza: And then just two very super quick ones on South Carolina. First, obviously, Santee, NextEra pulled their offer, the senate passed their bill that's more focused on internal restructuring. Do Dominion have any stance remaining here, including maybe an MSA opportunity or is that sort of behind us?
Bob Blue: Our position on that hasn't changed, it's the same. We've offered - we've worked cooperatively with Santee. We continue to work cooperatively with Santee and we look forward to other opportunities to work cooperatively with Santee Cooper. So no change there, Shar. We want to do what is best for South Carolina.
Shar Pourreza: And then just the GRC, I appreciate the comments that you made. But is there any sort of sense of timing, maybe just some of the pushes and takes, is there kind of a point of an overturn we should be thinking about as we think about maybe a breakdown of settlement talks? Just maybe a little bit more visibility and then that concludes.
Bob Blue: So the pause was for six months from January, so it comes to an end on the 12th of July, I believe. And so the case would resume on July 12, so a little more than two months from now. But as we said in our prepared remarks, everyone appears to be approaching this, looking for a constructive outcome and that's what we're focused on.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific, thank you guys. And I echo your comments around Tom. He's going to be greatly missed, and he was the true gentleman. So I appreciate your comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: So I just want to start with the caveat, granted we're very early innings here and things will change. But are there any thoughts you could share on how the current version of the Biden infrastructure plan might impact D, such as the tax credit front. Could this potentially impact wider spread deployment of storage in Virginia?
Bob Blue: Your preface to the question was exactly right. It is indeed early days. So we don't know what's going to come out in the final analysis. So I think the best way to think about it is we're just very well positioned, we think the approach to decarbonize as quickly as we can reliably and affordably makes all the sense in the world. We're very well positioned to do that. This is not something that's new for us. And we see, to the extent we see opportunities with the Biden plan, we'll take advantage of them. But at this point, we don't exactly know. We just know the atmosphere is really good. We think it's smart for customers. We're excited about it.
Jeremy Tonet: And then also, I guess, under the new administration, you kind of touched on this a bit, but maybe you could just comment a bit more on your interaction with BOEM here, and how you kind of feel about things progressing moving forward through the process now versus before?
Bob Blue: We've had the opportunity to be involved in a couple of different industry conversations with BOEM leadership and other leadership in the administration. I think it's very clear that they see the advantages to offshore wind development. And I think the best evidence when it comes to us is, as we mentioned earlier, the schedule for the notice of intent and for the record of decision line up exactly with what we talked about on our fourth quarter call. So we have a very good sense that the professionals at BOEM, as they always have, are going to move forward efficiently. The leadership and the administration clearly thinks offshore wind is good economically and to meet carbon goals. And we're looking forward to sort of taking advantage of the experience that we have with the only wind farm operating in Federal waters off the coast of the United States today as we expand into something much bigger.
Jeremy Tonet: And just one last one, if I could, and I think you've touched on this a bit. But just wondering what you're learning from initial hydrogen efforts here. How does this inform the relative opportunity between hydrogen and RNG for your gas distribution system going into the future?
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold. So just as a reminder on our hydrogen pilot, we're in our very early stages as in days. Our gas distribution business is implementing some blending programs at a training facility starting in Utah. And we just commissioned it and it's started testing just a couple of weeks ago. So we're really moving forward with that. We're looking to expand that if it's successful to a small customer use application and then follow the pilots in our other service territories. In fact, we requested a similar pilot at a training facility as part of our North Carolina rate case. So we're starting small, very important on hydrogen blending. So we see a combination of moving forward with continued pilots and testings of hydrogen blending throughout our LDC system, including putting it into the LDC, production and even methanation in the future. as well as an increased percentage of RNG into the system, which is really one for one offset with methane. So increased RNG, increased hydrogen blending possibly towards methanation as we move to continue to decarbonize the LDC system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Good morning, and best to Tom's family and all of you. While we heard from Diane there, just you have been kind of early investor in RNG projects. And I'd just be curious kind of where that stands and do you see a lot more coming over the next few years?
Diane Leopold: So yes, we have been an early investor. We announced our intention to spend about $650 million on two main partnerships. We've been focusing on the agricultural RNG. So the hog farms with Smithfield and the dairy farms with Vanguard renewables. We have one project that's in service as of the second half of last year. We have three projects under construction now and expect to have about five more under construction later this year. So we're really ramping up on actually bringing forward the projects. On the demand side, we really see a significant strong demand right now from a variety of customers. You can see people like the refiners that have LCFS obligations to make and we see more states looking to implement LCFS standards. We see utilities, both on the power generation side and direct customer use side. And then we see a lot of colleges and universities and other corporations that are kind of carbon conscious fires that are looking to offset their fossil usage. So we really see a lot of demand starting to pick up for multiyear contract terms at attractive prices. So long term, we're still looking at these projects as critical supply sources for our LDCs as an important tool for customers to achieve net zero. And so starting to access through our green therm tariff that we already have in Utah now and have requested in North Carolina and will continue to do so, but we're really continuing to see strong demand and our projects are ramping up.
Bob Blue: I will mention that I had the opportunity last week to actually visit our operating site in Utah. It's quite something with the scale of the farming operation. It's also interesting that it happens to be not too far from one of our solar farms as well as there's a wind farm there, too. So it's become a center of renewable energy. And we just think that in the scope of what we're doing in our decarbonization investment, there are a lot of opportunities, as Diane described, in RNG that will serve us well for the long term.
Steven Fleishman: And then just one quick question. Just sales trends in Virginia, South Carolina, any quick thoughts there?
Jim Chapman: Sales trends are occurring kind of like we expected. I'll share a few stats. In Virginia, year-to-date, still pretty resilient like we saw most of last year. So year-to-date, up a little over 2%. Residential is still strong, up almost 4%. C&I also up almost 5%. So pretty good. Keep in mind that one underlying trend, I know we mentioned this a lot, is the continuation of data center growth, that number is up like 25%. Of course, it's small but growing, a third of our commercial segment is data centers. We expect to connect another 20 or so data centers in our service territory this year. We connected 19 last year. So that trend is very supportive of overall sales and continues to be strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps if I can pivot off that last question on sales, perhaps, can we talk about the next clean energy filing later this year? Should we be expecting more of the same on resources versus PPAs? But also how are you thinking about that filing against sales trends and also against some of these other headlines from independent IPPs, just looking at accelerating their procurement efforts in and around your service territory maybe by, shall we say, corporate procurements of various flavors and sorts? If you can speak to sort of the overall backdrop, if you mind.
Bob Blue: So I think the answer, should it look similar to the filing that we just got approved, the answer to that is, no, and that this next filing will be larger in scale. And I think you particularly asked the split between PPA and utility owned and that will be different going forward. That's what the Clean Economy Act is, it's quite specific on this point that for the new solar build, 65% is to be utility and 35% is to be third party or PPA, and sort of the total amount of that is on the order of 1,000 megawatts a year for the next 15. So that's what you should be thinking about, really long term for us is we will match the VCEA proportions and the magnitude going forward. The sort of second part of your question, where our focus, our growth is in regulated renewables to the extent that we -- and if I'm understanding correctly, to the extent we have customers, important customers who are looking for contracted approaches, we expect to do some of that. But our focus on growing our solar portfolio is on the regulated side.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then with respect to South Carolina here, I know that you're coming up on the July time frame, at least we're broadly approaching it. I know we got some updates here in the interim. But feel confident that perhaps by that point in time, we can reach some sort of resolution, if you will. Is that fair as far as it goes?
Bob Blue: Julien, I used to be a lawyer and as a profession, we seem to be procrastinators. So I wouldn't read too much into the fact that there's two months left. You can get a lot of work done in two months. And as we said in the script, everyone is approaching this constructively. So yes, we think we can get it done.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And if I could squeeze in one last one, just LNG, I know you guys have obviously sold out a chunk here, but you've seen some pretty elevated valuations here in the space of late. Any comments, reactions to that? Just wanted to throw that in there quickly.
Jim Chapman: I'll repeat what I think what we've said many times before, we very much like our new look and our asset mix. The dynamics you're speaking to, we're not blind to that. At some day, that could be an opportunity to raise capital in a place what we have in our plan for modest continued equity issuance, but no current focus on that topic. We're aware, following, but we're focusing on executing our plan with our current asset mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just a quick clarification, Jim, on 2021 guidance. What are we assuming in terms of the timing on the South Carolina rate case? If you could just clarify that, please.
Jim Chapman: So on the South Carolina rate case, we've been, again, here consistently saying a couple of things. One is that given the size of that business in relation to Dominion, of course, that's just the electric part of DESC, we're talking about base rates on the electric side. Any reasonable outcome is going to be within our guidance range, so no material impact. And then as far as the impact of the delay, we've seen some folks suggesting that a delay of a year would be kind of in the $0.05 range. So take half of that for six months, you're talking about a couple of pennies, that's probably in the ballpark, but still not material and within our guidance.
Durgesh Chopra: So basically, regardless of the timing of a final decision there sort of the '21 guidance is intact?
Jim Chapman: Any reasonable outcome should lead to that. That's right.
Durgesh Chopra: And just a quick one on the nuclear plant extensions. Does that change or give you an opportunity to deploy more CapEx, or kind of this is in line with your thinking when you sort of develop the CapEx plan four, five years out?
Bob Blue: It's in line with our thinking when we developed the CapEx plan.
Jim Chapman: There's $1.3 billion of spend related to the nuclear license in our five year plan that we went through on the fourth quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. And it's really a lost, losing, Tom. So my best for Tom and his family.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: On the triennial filing, the revenue deficiency that you guys identified, is that mostly related to rate base and service or is it a new investment, or is it more operationally related?
Bob Blue: So I think you're asking about the '22 test year and our measurement versus a [10.8] ROE. And the answer is just with the way the law works, we project forward sort of known and knowables for year '22 and we calculate what the return is. And in this case, that return is slightly below the [10.8] that we believe is the appropriate authorized ROE. So I don't know that I can identify any one specific thing, there's a number of sort of components that go into that. But we do that analysis compare it against what we believe is an appropriate ROE, and that's how we end up with that slight revenue deficiency and the regulatory speak.
Michael Weinstein: So a combination of everything. Diane, on RNG, just one other question on that subject. Do you anticipate a time when blending RNG and maybe even [hydrogen 2] into the system would enable a utility and pure utilities specifically to say that they are greenhouse gas neutral or greenhouse gas zero or even negative and when do you think that will happen? And how many years do you think in the future would you have to wait for that?
Diane Leopold: In fact, it was part of our thinking when we committed to net zero by 2050 across both our gas and electric businesses, was blending renewable natural gas and hydrogen into the system as part of a component of that. So it certainly already worked into the plans, I believe, of numerous utilities in their net zero plans, especially RNG and the agricultural RNG, which is why we're trying to attract so much of it into our LDC systems and with regulators and investing in it to get it in the networks is because it's so much more carbon negative than a lot of other forms. So instead of just being carbon neutral, you just get a lot of bang for the buck out of smaller quantities of it to help meet those net zero goals.
Michael Weinstein: One last question, on the solar business. Are you seeing any impact as a result of global supply demand tightness in that segment and also shipping logistics issues, chip shortages? We're hearing in the solar industry that the supply is tight and prices are up, just wondering if it's affecting you at all.
Jim Chapman: We're seeing the same, not in a material way. And the shipping and logistics issue, we're not seeing as much. There’s just some upward price pressure on poly, on glass, on steel. But it's something we're watching, but it's not -- for our business, it's not a material issue but certainly, there is upward pressure on costs right now.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your line is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. Earnings materials including today's prepared remarks may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations.  This morning, we'll discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides as well as the earnings release kit.  Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Executive Chairman; Bob Blue, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by outlining Dominion Energy's compelling shareholder return proposition. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2025, supported by our updated $32 billion five-year capital growth plan. We offer an attractive dividend yield of approximately 3.5%, reflecting a target payout ratio of 65% and an expected long-term dividend per share growth rate of 6%. This resulting 10% total shareholder return proposition is combined with an industry-leading ESG profile, characterized by what we believe is the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the country. We plan to invest tens of billions of dollars over the next several years to the benefit of the environment, our customers, our communities and our local economies. Our strategy is anchored on a pure-play state-regulated utility operating profile that centers around five premier states, as shown on Slide 5. I'll share the philosophy with a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation puts a priority on safety, reliability, affordability and, increasingly, sustainability. These states also strive to create environments that promote sensible economic growth, which like the rising tide, lifts all boats.  For instance, three of these state jurisdictions rank consistently in the top four best states for business as determined by independent analysis carried out by CNBC and by Forbes. Our state-regulated utility model offers investors increased predictability and is enhanced by our concentration in these fast-growing, constructive and business-friendly states.  Turning to Slide 6. Dominion is a purpose-driven company and has adopted a comprehensive stakeholder approach. We are driven by the belief that the world's best companies consider the interest not just of investors, but also employees, customers and communities and the well-being of the environment. Our actions are grounded in adherence to our five core values, and we embrace transparency and stakeholder engagement as hallmarks of responsible corporate citizenship.  The well-being of our over 17,000 employees is critical to our long-term success, and there is no measure more important to our company than the safety performance of our employees. 2020 represented by a wide margin, the safest year of operations in the history of our company, as depicted on Slide 7. This result did not happen overnight. As you can see, it takes years of dedicated effort to drive sustainable improvement. I congratulate my colleagues on this significant achievement.  Turning now to our customers and communities. We believe that it is not enough that we provide energy safely. We must also provide energy that is affordable. We are pleased the residential rates at our two electric utilities compare favorably to state, national and, where applicable, RGGI state averages. Looking forward, we expect our customers to be very competitive even as we invest heavily to transform our system's carbon footprint. Bob will address this more comprehensively in his remarks.  With regard to our community initiatives during 2020, which are described on Slide 8. First, the impact of COVID-19 on our customers during 2020 was obviously significant, which is why we voluntarily took immediate action at the onset of the pandemic to suspend service disconnections. In doing this, we avoided what otherwise would have been disconnection of over 255,000 customer accounts. We also developed extended and flexible payment plans, resulting in over 330,000 enrollments. And we contributed $18 million toward direct energy assistance for our most vulnerable customers.  In Virginia, we supported special session legislation, which gave customers a fresh start by forgiving over $125 million of customer arrears. We also agreed to a pause in our South Carolina rate case proceeding, ensuring that the results of that case will not impact customers until late this year.  Second, we've built on our long-standing legacy of supporting social equity by committing $25 million to 11 historically Black colleges and universities, funding an additional $10 million for scholarships for underrepresented minority groups and creating a $5 million social justice fund that supports community efforts to address the impacts of racism. This is in addition to the diversity and inclusion initiatives within our company that Bob will address. As you can tell, we are extremely proud of these accomplishments, and I thank all of my Dominion Energy colleagues who contributed to these successes in what was obviously an extraordinarily challenging year.  Turning now to Slide 9. We have rolled forward our five-year capital growth plan to capture the years 2021 through 2025. This has resulted in a $10 billion, or 43% increase to the plan we shared with you in the spring of 2019 as adjusted for the Gas Transmission & Storage sale. We now project $32 billion of growth capital investment on behalf of our customers, over 80% of which reduces or enables emissions reductions. We plan to invest $17 billion in zero-carbon generation and energy storage, including regulated offshore wind, solar and nuclear relicensing. Another $6 billion in electric grid enhancements, such as electric transmission and grid modernization, which will enable our system to be more resilient to cyber and climate threats and more responsive to increasing intermittent generation.  And we plan to invest $3 billion on the modernization of our LDC networks as well as on renewable natural gas development, thereby increasing safety and reliability while driving emissions down. Jim and Bob will provide more color on these industry-leading investment programs in a moment.  As meaningful as these near-term plans are, consider on Slide 10, how they compare to the long-term scope and duration of our overall decarbonization opportunity. Our initiatives extend well beyond our five-year plan. We have identified over $70 billion of green investment opportunity between 2020 and 2035, nearly all of which will qualify for regulated cost of service recovery. This is, as far as we can tell, the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the industry.  And the accelerating electrification of the transportation sector promises to drive growing demand for utility-scale, zero and low-carbon generation for many years to come. The company's long-term transformation has multiple beneficiaries: our customers who want more sustainable energy; our local communities, which benefit from the economic growth and tax revenue to the company's investments; our employees who develop the best practices of the transition to a low-carbon future; in the environment, via the emissions reductions we illustrate on Slide 11. Through 2019, inclusive of asset divestitures, we have successfully reduced our enterprise-wide CO2-equivalent emissions by around 55%. This is great progress but we have more to do. By 2035, we expect to improve that reduction to between 70% and 80% versus baseline on our way to net 0 by 2050. As shown on the right side of the slide, by 2035, we expect that approximately 95% of our company-owned generation will be either 0 or low emitting, a remarkable transformation from our 2005 mix.  Before turning it over to Jim, I will summarize the actions and events of 2020 that have positioned Dominion to thrive for years to come. We took care of one another, and in so doing, we achieved an all-time safety record. We took quick action to work with our customers to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We announced our ambition to be net 0 by 2050. The Virginia Clean Economy Act was adopted by the general assembly, which puts the state on a cutting-edge path to decarbonization and positions the state as a hub for the global green economy transition.  We advanced our strategic positioning by selling our Gas Transmission & Storage assets to focus on our premier state-regulated utility operations. We simultaneously initiated best-in-class earnings and dividend growth rates. We reported our 20th consecutive quarter of weather-normal results that met or exceeded the midpoint of our quarterly guidance. And we transitioned both our CEO and Lead Director roles. With that, I will turn it over to Jim.
James Chapman: Thank you, Tom, and good morning. Our fourth quarter 2020 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 14, were $0.81 per share, which included a $0.01 hurt from worse-than-normal weather in our utility service territories. Both actual and weather-normalized results were above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. Full year 2020 operating earnings per share were $3.54, above the midpoint of our guidance range and included a $0.09 hurt from weather. Weather-normalized results of $3.63 were at the top of our annual guidance range.  Note that our fourth quarter and 2020 GAAP and operating earnings, together with comparative periods, are adjusted to account for discontinued operations, including those associated with the sale of assets to Berkshire Hathaway Energy. And then a summary of such adjustments between operating and reported results is, as usual, included in Schedule 2 of our earnings release kit.  As shown on Slide 15, this represents our 20th consecutive quarter, so 5 years now, of delivering weather-normal results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. We've highlighted here the July 5 Gas Transmission & Storage sale announcement on the chart as this was obviously -- obviously has had an impact on our original annual guidance, which is, of course, prior to that transaction. But regardless, we believe the historic consistency across our quarterly results is worth highlighting and it's a track record we are absolutely focused on extending.  Turning now to Slide -- to guidance on Slide 16. As usual, we are providing a range for the year, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. We are initiating 2021 operating EPS guidance of $3.70 to $4 per share. The midpoint of this range is in line with the indicative guidance midpoint range we provided in July. Measured midpoint to midpoint, we expect approximately 10% growth in 2021, also consistent with our July guidance. Looking longer term, we expect operating EPS to grow off the 2021 base at around 6.5% per year through 2025. Finally, we expect first quarter 2021 operating earnings per share to be between $1 and $1.15.  Turning to Slide 17. We expect our 2021 full year dividend to be $2.52, reflecting our target payout ratio of approximately 65%. We're also extending the long-range dividend per share growth rate of 6% off that '21 base through 2025.  Slide 18 provides a breakdown of the 5-year growth CapEx roll-forward which Tom introduced. For more details on this, I would point to the very comprehensive appendix materials. We've really put some effort into providing all the more granular detail, which we expect will be useful for understanding and modeling each part of this growth profile.  But just a few items I'll highlight here. We are forecasting a total 5-year rate base CAGR of around 9%, broken out here by segment and by major driver. I would note that nearly 3/4 of this planned growth CapEx is eligible for rider recovery. That nomenclature varies but capital invested under riders, rate adjustment clauses or trackers, as they're called in various jurisdictions, allows for more timely recovery of prudently incurred investments and costs. They're filed and trued-up at least annually in single issue proceedings, so outside of the more time-consuming and less frequent general base rate proceedings.  In some of our jurisdictions, including Virginia, rider recovery mechanisms utilize a forward-looking or projected test period and/or allows for our construction work in progress, all of which minimizes traditional regulatory lag that, in other cases, can prevent utilities from earning at their authorized return levels. Rider-eligible CapEx programs varies a little by state, but prominent examples for us include offshore wind, solar, energy storage, nuclear licensing, electric transmission, strategic undergrounding, grid transformation, rural broadband and gas distribution, infrastructure, integrity and modernization spending.  On that theme, and turning to Slide 19, we illustrate how base investments and rider investments are expected to trend at Dominion Energy Virginia through the 5-year plan. You'll note that the Virginia base investment balance is growing at about 6% annually, driven primarily by new customer connections and maintenance spending. By contrast, the rider investment balance in Virginia, which comprises half of DEV's investment base today, is expected to grow at nearly 20% annually on average.  Since the Virginia rider investment programs are reviewed and trued up annually, they are not included in the triennial review process, the first of which, of course, will commence next month. Based on these growth trends, the base investment balance as a percentage of total DEV declines from 37% to 27% by 2025. It also shrinks dramatically as a percentage of overall Dominion Energy.  On Slide 20, we refresh our outlook for sources and uses of cash. So on average, between '21 and '23, we expect to generate annual operating cash flow of around $6.6 billion, return around $2.4 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividend and invest nearly $8 billion a year on growth and maintenance CapEx on behalf of our customers. Our financing plan assumes we issue around $400 million of equity annually through our existing DRIP and ATM programs, with the residual financing needs satisfied by net fixed income issuance.  Again, and as shown on Slide 21, these are multiyear averages. To be clear, in 2021, we don't expect any issuance under our ATM program. This equity guidance is consistent with our prior guidance for the '21 through '24 period. We view this level of steady equity issuance under existing programs as prudent, EPS accretive and in the context of our very sizable growth capital spending program, appropriate to keep our consolidated credit metrics within the guidelines for our strong credit rating categories.  To that point, as shown on Slide 22, our consolidated credit metrics have continued their steady improvement as has our pension plan's funded status. We're all very proud of these results. We continue to target high BBB range credit ratings for our parent company and single A range ratings for our regulated operating companies.  Before I summarize my remarks, let me spend a minute on O&M. As demonstrated by our 2020 results, we're focusing on driving O&M through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practice cost initiatives to keep normalized O&M flat through the forecast period. This reflects the successful continuation of our flat normalized O&M efforts we discussed in more detail at our last Investor Day.  So with that, I'll summarize. We reported fourth quarter and full year 2020 operating EPS, which were above the midpoint of our guidance, extending our track record to 5 years of meeting or exceeding the quarterly midpoint on a weather-normal basis. We initiated 2021 full year operating EPS guidance that represents a 10% annual increase midpoint to midpoint. We affirmed 6.5% operating EPS growth from '21 through '25. We introduced a $32 billion 5-year growth CapEx plan that drives an approximately 9% rate base growth. We expect highly disproportionate rider investment spending across our segment. And our balance sheet and credit profile remain in very good health. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Robert Blue: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 25, which provides an overview of the Virginia Clean Economy Act. The law mandates a renewable energy portfolio standard that over the next 25 years moves towards a 0 carbon future. In order to achieve the RPS milestones, the law calls on the state's utilities to add significant amounts of wind and solar power generation as well as battery storage, ramps up energy efficiency and demand side management programs, requires the use of Virginia-based renewable energy credits, mandates that Virginia join the regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative and requires the retirement of substantial coal-fired generation by 2025 and all ossified units by 2046, subject to reliability and energy security considerations.  The largest single investment project come out of the passage of the VCEA is Dominion Energy's initial 2.6-gigawatt offshore wind deployment, as described on Slide 26. I'm not going to go through every line item on this slide but will highlight the following: first, the project, which is the largest of its kind in North America, is very much on track. This project will provide a boost to Virginia's growing green economy by creating hundreds of jobs, hundreds of millions of dollars of economic output and millions of dollars of tax revenue for the state and localities. It will also propel Virginia closer to achieving its goal to become a major hub for the burgeoning offshore wind value chain up and down the country's East Coast.  Second, as was contemplated in the VCEA, we intend this investment to be 100% regulated and eligible for rider recovery. Finally, the VCEA provides very specific requirements on the presumption of prudency for investment in the project as shown here, which we are confident that we will meet.  On Slide 27, we list the major project milestones. In December of last year, we submitted our construction and operations plan to BOEM. We're encouraged by the incremental funding appropriated to BOEM late last year, with the specific direction to augment the agency's resources to process offshore wind permits as well as BOEM's recent recommencement of processing the vineyard wind application. As you likely know by now, we are the only owner in the United States to have completed an offshore wind BOEM permitting process successfully. Our 12-megawatt test project, which recently entered service, completed the BOEM permitting process in 2019, and we're applying lessons learned during that process to our present application.  The other item I'll highlight is on the left-hand side of this slide. The lease is positioned in shallow water, outside of major maritime shipping lanes, away from any other offshore wind leaseholds and not in a region that supports a significant commercial fishing industry. We expect to receive final permits in mid-2023 and complete project construction around the end of 2026.  The VCEA calls for another 2.6 gigawatts of offshore wind by 2036. While our near-term focus is on successfully executing on our initial deployment, we look forward to finding ways to support the state's additional offshore wind capacity goals. The VCEA provides that the cost of any offshore wind project will be borne by our customers only in proportion to our ownership of the project.  While offshore wind may be our largest single renewable energy project, the aggregate capacity of solar generation called for by the VCEA is over 3x larger. In accordance with the law, 65% of the target amount is to be utility-owned. This is not new ground for us or for the commission. To date, we've made 4 cost of service rider recovery filings for solar projects in Virginia, 3 representing around 400 megawatts have been approved in the most recent filing is pending approval. We expect to make additional filings annually as we work toward the over 10 gigawatts of regulated solar capacity called for by the law.  Current solar technology requires around 10 acres for every megawatt of installed capacity. Rough math suggests, therefore, that the utility-owned target of around 10,000 megawatts will require around 100,000 acres of land. We've been hard at work to secure enough land to support our long-range goal, and I'm pleased to report that in less than a year, we've put 63,000 acres under option.  Turning to Slide 29. What started with an 8-megawatt facility in Georgia in 2013 has today become a portfolio of over 2.2 gigawatts, representing over $5 billion of investment. Our early focus was on the development of long-term contracted projects, mostly outside of Virginia, that allowed us to develop the expertise and competency to undertake the substantial regulated solar build-out in Virginia that I just described. Going forward, you can see that our emphasis shifts, and a very significant majority of our solar capacity investment will take place under regulated cost of service recovery mechanisms in Virginia.  Growth in long-term contracted solar is limited and driven by large customer requests for bilateral, 100% renewable power supply. As increasing intermittent generation sources proliferate in our system, energy storage will be critical to maintaining reliable service. We observed, with keen interest, a recent example of the negative consequences that occur for customers when rapid changes in intermittent generation are not accommodated with sufficient storage and/or quick-start gas-fired generation. Hence, the VCEA prudently calls for the development of nearly 3 gigawatts of energy storage by 2036, 65% of which is to be utility-owned and rider eligible.  Admittedly, we're starting small when it comes to developing technologies in this area, 16 megawatts of pilot projects across 3 different sites and 3 different use case scenarios, as shown on the right side of Slide 30. But starting small has its advantages, as we saw in both our offshore wind and solar development strategies. We're rapidly developing expertise that will ensure we're providing the maximum value to customers as we fulfill the targets of the VCEA.  In our estimation, the success of greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets requires the ongoing viability of existing nuclear facilities. That's why we filed for 20-year license extensions for our 4 Virginia regulated units. Today, these facilities account for 30% of Virginia's total electric output, around 90% of Virginia's 0 carbon electricity. Based on PJM's carbon intensity rate, the ongoing operation of these plants will effectively avoid CO2 emissions of 16 million tons per year.  Key milestones for the relicensing process are shown on Slide 31. We expect to submit for rider cost recovery approval in the second half of this year. Our near-term focus is on the Virginia unit. But under the appropriate circumstances, life extensions over the long term at our other 3 units may be advisable. Successful nuclear life extension is a win for customers and the environment.  The transition to a clean energy future means reduced reliance on coal-fired generation. As Tom showed, in 2005, more than half our company's power production was from coal-fired generation. By 2035, we project that to be closer to 5%, perhaps lower if the South Carolina prefers an accelerated decarbonization plan as part of our IRP refiling.  From an investment-based perspective, which is a rough approximation of earnings contribution, you can see, on Slide 32, the role coal-fired generation plays in our financial performance, driven by facility retirements and noncoal investment. We're mindful that this shift has the potential to be disruptive to employees and communities and are being purposeful in our efforts to ameliorate any such negative consequences. You'll also note that 0 carbon generation grows significantly such that by 2025, over 60% of our investment base will consist of electric wires and 0 carbon generation.  Turning to Slide 33. Let me address customer rates with a focus on Virginia. First, between 2008 and 2020, our typical residential customer rate increased, on average, by less than 1% per year, which is much lower than average annual inflation over that period of closer to 2%. Second, based on EIA data, our typical customer rate is 13% lower than the national average and 36% lower than other states, that like Virginia have joined And third, going forward, we see typical residential rates increasing by a compound annual growth rate of around 2.9% through 2030, which is a comprehensive estimate and includes, among other factors, the impact of the decarbonization investment programs we've discussed today.  If we move the starting point back to 2008, that rate of increase falls to 2.1%, which is lower than projected inflation for 2021. It's incumbent upon us to deliver energy that is safe, reliable, increasingly sustainable and affordable.  Now on Slide 34, let me address the upcoming triennial review proceeding. Note, we've developed detailed slides in the appendix that we believe will be helpful to you on this topic. First, the triennial review process will commence next month and conclude late this year. Second, this triennial review will cover 4 years of performance from 2017 through 2020 and compares our earned return to our allowed return of 9.9%, inclusive of a 70 basis point power.  Third, and as Jim pointed out, the review applies only to the Virginia-based portion of our rate base. Rider investments are outside the scope of the proceeding. And finally, to the extent the commission concludes that available revenues, inclusive of adjustments for impairments, weather and other factors, are greater than customer credit reinvestments, it may order a refund as well as a forward-looking revenue reduction of up to $50 million.  So let me point out just 2 factors that we know will be part of the first review process. First, we've invested nearly $300 million in the on-time and on-budget completion of the 12-megawatt offshore wind test project. We've indicated we will not seek a revenue increase from customers associated with this project. Rather, we will apply that investment as needed as a customer credit reinvestment offset.  Second, we provided over $125 million of arrears relief in Virginia to assist customers, many of whom have faced financial hardship as a result of COVID. Naturally, we're focused on the triennial review filing next month, but we also get questions from time to time regarding the second triennial review, which is expected to conclude in almost 4 years.  A few observations there, which are shown on Slide 35. First, we're in the very early days, 43 days, I think, of that review period. So obviously, we have quite a way to go before being in a position to file the precise regulatory inputs for that proceeding. What we do know, however, is that the structure of the review will be similar to T1. This includes the ability, for instance, to use customer credit reinvestment offsets, which allow us to invest in projects for the benefit of customers.  Second, as Jim described well, the robust growth of our asset base at DEV is concentrated around rider recoverable investments that are outside the scope of triennial available earnings reviews. Combined with growth at our other state-regulated operating segments, the proportion of the company's earnings and cash flows which are subject to triennial earnings tests will naturally diminish over the forecast and beyond.  Third, the very nature of our business as a state-regulated utility company is working with regulators to deliver beneficial outcomes for both customers and investors. It's something we've been doing for many years. We expect to continue to apply the experience we've gained to upcoming rate proceedings of all varieties, including the triennial reviews. We firmly believe that there are a number of paths that converge on a single objective: serving customers, employees, communities, the environment and investors.  On top of that, we're incredibly excited about what Dominion Energy is planning to accomplish well beyond the next 2 triennial reviews. Specifically, over the next 15 years, the investment of upwards of $70 billion of green capital, nearly all of which will grow earnings under regulated rider mechanisms and significantly reduce emissions while maintaining competitive customer rates. We don't believe any other company in the United States offers the duration, visibility and scope of regulated decarbonization growth that Dominion Energy now offers.  Shifting gears a little on Slide 36, we summarize the status of the pending South Carolina general rate case proceeding, which is presently in a 6-month pause, which we supported. As part of the pause, the commission ordered the parties to report, on a monthly basis, on their progress toward reaching a settlement. We can't report to you this morning on the status of current negotiations, obviously, but we look forward to continuing to engage with parties to the case in hopes of finding a suitable resolution to bring before the clinician for approval.  In the meantime, our commitment to customers is unwavering. Over the last approximately 15 years, we've reduced average annual customer outage minutes or by 40%. Investments made in prior periods, including the years covered by our recent rate case filing, are critical to system reliability and the continuation of this trend to the benefit of our customers. We're committed to meeting 100% of our merger commitments, establishing trust with our customers and communities and working toward an increasingly sustainable future for South Carolinians.  In that regard, let me provide an update on our integrated resource plan. Briefly, the commission asked us to refile the plan and consider, among other changes, accelerated renewable energy deployment and increased sensitivities to potential carbon pricing. In the table on the right-hand side, you can see how one of the cases we filed with our original IRP called Plan 8, is indicative of the potential for accelerated decarbonization at only slightly higher customer cost as compared to the prior base plan. Plan 8 would retire 1,300 megawatts of coal-fired generation in 2028 and add 300 megawatts of storage and 700 megawatts of new solar, which would result in a nearly 60% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2030 and only cost approximately 3% more than the base plan. We look forward to engaging with all stakeholders on this planning process.  On Slide 38, we provide key elements of our gas distribution segment growth and sustainability strategy. Our utilities operate in some of the fastest-growing areas of the country, with annual customer growth rates approaching 3% in 2 of our 3 largest markets. These customers simply prefer natural gas service for cooking, heating and other residential, commercial and industrial applications.  We're also fortunate to operate jurisdictions for regulation prioritize safety and reliability. Decoupling mechanisms promote the implementation of increased efficiency measures, which help to reduce customer bills. And infrastructure modernization and integrity trackers allow us to make critical investments and upgrades that both reduce emissions and raise the bar on safe and reliable service.  When it comes to natural gas distribution, location matters. We know that for natural gas to be relevant in the future, we must continue to focus on increasing the sustainability of our service. We've adopted an ambitious Scope 1 emission targets but that isn't enough. We're now looking at Scope 3 emissions in cutting-edge ways. We formalized our support for federal methane regulation. And we're working towards procurement practices that encourage enhanced disclosures by upstream counterparties on their emissions and methane reduction programs.  Further, we're considering a preference for suppliers and shippers who adopt a net 0 commitment. For downstream emissions, we plan to increase our annual spend on energy efficiency by 45% over the next 5 years and provide our customers with access to a carbon calculator and carbon offsets. We're also developing plans which will require collaboration with policymakers and regulators to increase access to RNG for our customers and, ultimately, to initiate mandatory RNG blend levels that would act to offset our customers' carbon footprint.  And finally, we're pursuing innovative hydrogen use cases, which we discuss in more detail in the appendix. This includes our participation as a founding member of the Low Carbon Resources Initiative that just surpassed $100 million of funding from over 30 industry members.  I'll conclude my remarks by addressing several important topics we took in 2020 that enhanced our industry-leading ESG profile. In February, we announced the goal of net 0 carbon and methane emissions by 2050. Over the summer, as the nation began to reexamine important points around race, we built upon our existing legacy of social equity by committing $40 million to social justice and equity causes. In October, we published our latest Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Report, which conforms with the major best-in-class reporting standards, including the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and the UN Sustainable Development Goals framework.  Also in October, we established a new commitment to increase our total workforce diversity by 1% each year. During 2020, we got up to a strong start, with half of our company's new hires being diverse. And in November, we announced our report for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, or TCFD, making us 1 of only 6 utilities to adopt such support.  Looking ahead on Slide 40, we have more to do. In January, as I mentioned, we publicly formalized our support for federal methane regulations. During the second quarter of this year, we'll publish an updated climate report that will reflect TCFD recommended methodologies. And throughout 2021, we'll advance our efforts to address Scope 3 emissions, firstly, in our gas distribution businesses, as I previously described.  These and other ESG-oriented efforts have been recognized by leading third-party assessment services, as shown on Slide 41. By each measure, our performance exceeds the sector average. We've been recognized as part of the leadership band by CDP for our climate and water disclosure; as trendsetters for the third consecutive year by the CPA-Zicklin report on political accountability and transparency; and as part of the Just 100 for the second consecutive year by Just Capital for our actions to promote increased equity.  I'll conclude the call on Slide 42, which you saw in Tom's remarks as well. We are taking steps today to chart a course that over the next decades will put our company on a remarkable journey to becoming the most sustainable energy company in America. Our future is bright, and we're focused on executing this plan for the benefit of our employees, customers and communities, the environment and our investors. With that, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So just a first question on the -- your growth rate now goes out to 2025, which would encompass, I guess, the 2024 triennial outcome in it. Can you talk a little bit about how you're kind of including that in your assumptions? What are you assuming for that?
Robert Blue: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate the question. We’re - as I mentioned earlier, we're only 43 days into a three-year period that's going to be reviewed, and we don't even file the case for more than three years. So not surprisingly, lots of details to come. I do think it's important, though, when we look at developing a long-term growth rate, we look at a variety of planning scenarios. We don't assume a single outcome for the 2024 triennial or any other major planning assumption that far out in our plan.  I will say one theme that is certainly assumed in all of our forecasted outcomes. 2024 or any other years that Virginia regulation continues to be constructive, just the way it's worked over the years, which has provided our customers with solid reliability rates more than 10% below the national average and a greener and greener generation portfolio. And then I think it's also important to remember, as Jim and I talked about earlier, that a portion of our base rates -- that the portion of our earnings that come from base rates in Virginia decline as we go through time, and riders and other mechanisms outside Virginia grow in importance. Our growth between now and the 2024 triennial and then after the 2024 triennial is driven by rider investments that are outside the 2024 triennial or any other triennial proceeding.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. So is the punchline then that you kind of feel like you've got ability to deal with a variety of outcomes for that or in the scheme of things or -- and that's kind of encompassed in there in your assumptions?
Robert Blue: Yes, this is what we do. It’s what we've done over the years is we work with regulators, policymakers on constructive outcomes for customers and the health of the utility. And we fully expect that we'll be able to continue that going forward.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one other question related to that is, I did notice that it does seem like the base component of the rate base in Virginia and the percentages seemed lower than they have been in some of your other recent disclosures. Could you just explain maybe some of the changes there, I guess, maybe, Jim?
James Chapman: Okay, Steve. Good morning. Let me take that, and I'm not sure if everyone has the full deck in program, but for future references, it's set out on Page 60 in the appendix. But you're right, the total rate base in Virginia has not changed other than through the passage of time and the completion of the year.  But what we did do is we refined the calculation of the elements of total rate base. We have been showing the schedule since like 2019 when we started this, I guess, our last Investor Day, where we, at that time, the triennial was very far away, we were trying to make it simple. So we lumped some things together. And now we've refined that. And the refinement relates to about $4 billion of rate base that previously we had categorized as Virginia-based and other, and the $4 billion is really the other. And we've now reallocated that to other categories.  So what's in the other? Those are contracts where we serve various entities in the state, municipalities, the state of Virginia itself, the federal government, entities like that, where the contracts reflect different economic construct. Some of them are just sort of negotiated. Those are in the other category and our new slide and others track more some of the riders, whether it's a transmission rider or legacy A6 riders. So we've reallocated, to be more precise. Now Virginia-based is not Virginia-based and other. It's just Virginia-based, and it brings down that number to about $9 billion. So I think that's helpful to folks as they do math and sensitivities to have that more refined division on the various buckets of our total Virginia rate base.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Blue: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Ford with UBS.
Dan Ford: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much for the time today. So…
Robert Blue: Hi, Dan, thanks for joining.
Dan Ford: Hey, thank you. So this question is for you, Bob. So the Virginia legislature has several live utility and energy economy-related bills still floating around, and Governor Northam's asked for a special session. Can you put all the noise that this creates for investors into perspective for us?
Robert Blue: Yes, sure. I don't think I can remember a fourth quarter call we've done where we didn't get a question on the Virginia General Assembly. I guess that's a function of the timing of our fourth quarter call and the session. So I'm glad you asked us. We would have been disappointed if we didn't get one this year.  It's been now, I guess, more than 15 years since I worked in the governor's office in Virginia, but there are a few things about the legislative process that I think are probably still true. The first one, the legislature doesn't follow a script that -- you make a mistake or you make predictions with certainty about the outcome of legislation at your peril, and I think that is still true. The second is that bill for it to become law have to clear a number of hurdles. It's not just one House or the other, it's both Houses and it's committees of both Houses. And an example of that from this year's session would be the one bill introduced in the Senate that related to our regulatory model was defeated in committee on a pretty strong bipartisan vote.  And then the last thing that is still true about the legislature in Virginia is it moves quickly. So I don't think we're going to have to wait a long time. This year, the timing has been a little bit different, as you mentioned. The session went -- it's constitutionally mandated 30 days and then the governor called a special session, but the process is still moving pretty quickly. And so I think those bills that you're referring to will be resolved relatively soon because that's the way the Virginia General Assembly moves. We'll keep an eye on them. But I think it's important to remember that they've got hurdles they would still have to clear before they could become law.
Dan Ford: Okay. Thanks very much. And I guess one also for Jim. So Jim, thanks for all the detail on the CapEx going forward as well as what's rider-eligible versus not. Can you talk a little bit about the impact that the CapEx mix and the rider-eligible projects will have on cash flow conversion as we go through the next five years?
James Chapman: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Let me do that. So as I mentioned, almost -- well, over 70%, almost 3/4 of our capital spending in this five-year plan is in rider format in Virginia and elsewhere. So what that means, as we invest that capital, there's no regulatory lag. There is a proportional increase in operating cash flow from that investment. So that's quite an assistance in our plan for the sources and uses of cash, given the lack of regulatory lag and kind of the proportional advancement of our rider spend and our rider rate base growth and also our operating cash flow. We think it's quite a nifty feature of the structure.
Dan Ford: Great. Hey, thanks very much, guys.
James Chapman: Thanks, Dan. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a quick housekeeping and then I have a quick follow-up. Just maybe starting with the '21 guidance. I mean, obviously, you've highlighted an expectation for 10% or better growth off that 2020 base, but the bottom end sort of implies about 6% year-over-year growth. There's a lot of visibility with the plans. So just trying to get a sense on any scenarios outside of weather that could put you at that lower end. And then I know the midpoint of the range is about $0.025 lower versus prior. Is that South Carolina GRC delay-related? Can you manage it? Is there sort of a conservatism built in there?
James Chapman: Yes. A lot of parts of that question as normal. So let me first [indiscernible] for it. South Carolina had no impact on that guidance range, none. Well, let me walk through the elements of our guidance. So we have our long-term EPS growth guidance of 6.5%, which is intended to be more precise than our peers as opposed to a 200 basis point range.  And what we do every year as we go along that 6.5% long-term growth rate, we choose a midpoint for our annual guidance. And around that midpoint, we have a range. And every quarter, we mention that, that range is intended primarily to capture different weather outcomes. Now going back a few years, that range was pretty wide. Within the last 5 years, it was $0.50, then it was $0.45. [indiscernible] $0.30.  But the primary reason for that range this year included is to incorporate -- to accommodate various weather outcomes. The midpoint of the range is 3 85. And we're very confident in making that number. And in continuing our track record of meeting or exceeding on a weather-normal basis, like we talked about for the last 5 years. So there's a range, there's a midpoint. That midpoint, again as I said in my prepared remarks, is consistent with the very narrow range of potential midpoint we guided in July. No relative to the South Carolina process.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, on the ratings, obviously, you're presenting a really healthy cash flow outlook. The business risk profile has obviously improved. 9% utility growth, a lot of it is rider treatment, single issue rate making, 15% FFO to debt levels. Any sort of -- an agency obviously also has a positive outlook. metrics seem to point you closer to A-. Any sense on how the conversations are going with the rating agencies?
James Chapman: Let me say it this way. I think generally, [indiscernible] the three rating agencies, there's a recognition of the senior management focus on credit that's been a part of all the transactions and financings we've done in the last two years. And there's a recognition of the improvement that we've accomplished. So we're in a good spot.  Going forward, I wouldn't speculate on an upgrade. But what I would expect, maybe I'm not trying to get ahead of the agencies, but what I'd hope for is increased recognition of the very material improvement in our business risk profile from a credit perspective overall in last year. They were just -- the dust has barely settled right on a last step of that with the sale of Gas Transmission & Storage. But I would hope that, that element would work its way more into the dialogue and even the thresholds that the various agencies apply to our company.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. All right. That's what I was trying to get at, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps to follow up on some of the last questions. I got a couple real quickly, if you can. I believe you just said a second ago, with respect to the 6.5% and the increased level of precision, I think Steve brought up earlier. Obviously, there's a lot baked into that 5-year outlook through '25. How do you get yourself so confident around that 6.5% precision that you guys articulated? I mean, obviously, it's purposeful, as you just said. If you can speak to it a little bit more narrowly about the level of confidence you have in these outcomes to drive that number, that would be great. And then I have a quick follow-up, if you don't mind.
Thomas Farrell: Yes. I mean, I think I'd answer it simply this way, Julien, we were confident in July when we announced the 6.5% growth rate and nothing has changed since then. We're still confident. We've outlined, as you've heard today, some roll-forward of our CapEx. We've got a lot of clarity on rider recoverability of that CapEx, and all of that contributes as we sort of develop our assumptions around our long-term growth rate to maintaining the confidence that we had last summer in that 6.5%.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, fair enough. And then turning back to South Carolina quickly, if you can. Obviously, I heard what you said about '21 here. How do you think about prospects for settlement time line there, just given some of the generations? Then ultimately, obviously, we're paying attention to what's going on with Duke in the Carolinas here, too. How do you think about CapEx opportunities as well?
Robert Blue: Yes. So on settlement, we're working through the pause that was ordered by the commission that we agreed to, with monthly reports on that. And we're always optimistic about our prospects of selling cases because we think we're very creative in finding ways that we can resolve issues that are beneficial for customers and for the company. Ultimately, it requires all the parties to agree to settle. And it's -- I can't tell you what's in the mind of the counterparties. I can just tell you that we're working very hard toward that. And we have an endpoint that the commission said, if you haven't settled, we'll start the case back up again.  So we'll get there either with a settlement or we'll finish the case, and it's a strong case. We were very confident in the case that we filed. We haven't had a base rate case in 8 years, and we've invested substantially in the system and improved the system, and we're entitled to return on those -- to our return on those investments. So we think it's a very strong case. Hopefully, we can settle it. If we can't, we're very comfortable with our ability to defend the position that we took in that case.  As to potential future growth, I mean, obviously, we need to get through this rate case and see. And that's our focus at the moment, along with making sure that we maintain our commitments that we made in the merger process. The IRP process obviously suggests that going forward, there may be some further investment opportunities, and we'll certainly take advantage of those. But right now, what we're focused on is getting this first rate case resolved in a constructive manner.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: I'm wondering if -- to what extent has additional tax credit extensions and some of the renewable stimulus planning that you're expecting to see from the Democrats over the next few months built into the plan? And is there potential for upside, especially when I look at like the solar section and maybe even -- just in terms of customer affordability. Maybe you could afford to do some more work maybe in undergrounding or grid transformation?
Robert Blue: Yes. That's a great question, Michael. And you're right, for us, in the regulated environment that we're talking about, the extension of the ITCs and various tax credits is customer rate beneficial and doesn't change the investment return but definitely reduces the rate that customers pay. So we'll look at whether there are opportunities. We have a pretty aggressive plan, as you've seen in the Virginia Clean Economy Act last year passed an aggressive plan. So we're moving very quickly. If there are opportunities to advance, we'll take them. But the main effect of ITC extension is going to be benefit to customers on rate.
James Chapman: One thing, Michael, I'll add to that it's Jim, is when it comes to ITCs that we recognize the earnings benefit from outside of a regulatory context, that, just to be clear, is not really a growth industry for us. Most of what we do that relates to ITC is in a regulated format, where it benefits our customers, as Bob said.  But two years ago at Investor Day, we gave some guidance that, that ITC recognition and earnings would be somewhere in the up to $0.15 per year range. And where we bid is really below that. In '18, we're at $0.09. In '19, we're $0.11. In '20, we were at $0.16. But we still plan to trend within that run rate up to 15% -- $0.15 per year guidance. So there's not a big impact in that area. It's mostly on the regulated customer benefit side, as Bob described.
Michael Weinstein: All right. And just to be clear, the ITC doesn't reduce the rate base in any of the projects that you're working on, on the regulated side?
Robert Blue: Yes, that's exactly right.
Michael Weinstein: And my understanding is the strategic undergrounding has driven the limit -- there's a limit to the amount you can invest there by law. Is there any talk of perhaps to be expanding that, considering maybe things might be getting more affordable to the federal tax credits?
Robert Blue: Yes. So that's a legislative. That cap is in legislation that you're referring to. It has to do with a percentage of overall rate base. There's no legislation pending in Virginia right now on that issue. So if it were to be extended, it's unlikely that would happen this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: You've outlined the decarbonization opportunity for 2035.
Robert Blue: Jeremy, we can barely hear you.
Jeremy Tonet: Sorry about that. Is that better?
Robert Blue: Yes.
Jeremy Tonet: You outlined the decarbonization opportunity through 2035 today. How do you think about customer growth and other investments for that period? And given the magnitude of your clean spend here, do you expect this to capture an increasing share going forward, absent large changes in customer growth?
Robert Blue: I'm sorry. We can talk a little bit about customer growth. I mean, we've had pretty consistent growth in our electric utility over the course of the last decade or so that we would expect to continue, on the Virginia side, for example, 35,000 new customers connected a year or so. On the gas side of our business, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, strong -- very strong new customer growth. But I'm not sure I totally followed the second part of the question, I apologize.
Jeremy Tonet: Just the relative share, I guess, of the green CapEx is -- just wanted to see if that's going to continue to be a large portion of what you're doing going forward. Or are there other chunky investments in the nonclean side we should think about there?
Robert Blue: Yes. No, it's -- the outlook is very much, and I think it's really reflected on the slide that shows that $72 billion opportunity. That is all -- these are all decarbonization-related or enabling investments. So that's going to be the absolute lion's share of our investment going out, and we would expect that to continue even beyond that long-term period. Obviously, 15 years from now is a long time in this business.
Jeremy Tonet: Right. Great. And then how much timing and recovery flexibility do you have with CCRO-eligible CapEx for the second triennial review period? Does your plan currently assume kind of baked in recovery of any of this spend explicitly?
Robert Blue: Yes. As I mentioned, we have a variety of assumptions, not 1 single assumption related to the '24 triennial. We do have a slide that shows what's eligible and the total there. And we'll sort of take advantage of that as circumstances warrant. It's too early for us to know how much of it we would expect to use in the '24 triennial. We just know what we're likely to have available. You can see that on that slide.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And 1 last 1, if I could. You talked about Virginia legislation and just want to see about South Carolina legislation and if securitization came through, how would you deal with that?
Robert Blue: Yes. We think securitization makes sense in certain circumstances. Storm recovery, for example, makes a lot of sense. Obviously, we didn't think it made sense with respect to new nuclear. So we'll see if it passes. If it passes in a way that would be constructive, that's great. We'll just have to wait and see how it is. I know that bill has been introduced a number of times in South Carolina in the past and hasn't been enacted. But in circumstances like makes a lot of sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Jim, on Slide 20, I'm just curious, the cash flow sources and uses go through 2020 and the planned [indiscernible] Am I reading too much into it or are there differences in the kind of the composition of cash sources and uses in '24 and '25 as you ramp up your offshore investment?
James Chapman: Yes, Durgesh. The reason we went to just a 3-year average view here is that over 5 years, the numbers get pretty big and maybe a little bit more difficult to bridge from where we are now and where we were in '20. But -- you probably are reading too much into it. We have elsewhere, of course, disclosed our equity financing plan through the end of the period on the next slide.  So you can see that the financing is going to continue. What will change is the operating cash flow, which will grow on a 5-year basis. And the investing cash flow, which will grow slightly as it increases a little bit back dated in the 5-year plan. But nothing more interesting than that, I'd say.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. I get it, okay. So more sort of granularity and conviction in the [indiscernible] years and -- but no significant changes in the makeup of source and uses.
James Chapman: Bigger numbers? That's not it.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. All right. And then just quickly following up, just on Slide 10 and maybe, Bob, this for you or perhaps even Jim. Just the largest regulated decarbonization plan, love it. But in terms of when I'm thinking about any legislative support that you need, is it fair to assume that this opportunity of $72 billion sort of is you can accomplish this with the Virginia Clean Energy Act? Or do you need further legislative support to [indiscernible] opportunities?
Robert Blue: Yes, your assumption is correct. This is based upon the Virginia Clean Economy Act and the Grid Transformation and Security Act in 2018. So all of this is already legislatively authorized. Now we obviously have to seek approval from the commission for projects, and we've demonstrated on solar. And as I mentioned in earlier remarks, we've had 3 solar filings approved by the commission already. And we've had our electric transmission spend and those kinds of things approved consistently over the years. But we don't need additional -- we're not looking for additional legislative enactments to carry out this 15-year regulated book.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: I just wanted to circle back on your comments just on bill affordability as you implement your capital plan, and Mike Weinstein actually raised a good question, as we saw the extension of the ITC at 30% at the end of the year. Could you potentially talk to how that's going to -- how we maybe quantify or how it's going to impact customer rates and making things more affordable as you implement your capital plan?
Robert Blue: Yes. I don't think we've quantified that yet. So we filed an integrated resource plan earlier this year and -- or last year, I guess we're in 2021. The 2020 integrated resource plan, we showed a 10-year look at 2.9% that we talked about. Well, I'm confident updating that. We certainly have an IRP update later this year in Virginia. And I would expect as part of that, we'll run the numbers on the customer rates. But we don't have -- we haven't quantified customer rate impacts of that ITC at this point.
James Thalacker: That's great. But I would assume that it would give you a little bit more flexibility as we're looking down the road here?
Robert Blue: That is absolutely true. It's going to have benefits to customers in rates and offers us flexibility as we go forward.
James Thalacker: Great. And just, I guess, just to stay along that line and I know we're looking a little bit farther out, but like maybe you could touch a little bit about some of the programs or -- I don't know if you're ready to quantify, but how you're thinking about controlling costs to create more headroom to continue to implement your capital plan over the next, say, 5 to 7 years?
James Chapman: Yes, let me talk about that, it's Jim. ITC has 1 element which will benefit customers, for sure. But the other is O&M. And let me give some kind of high-level thoughts on that. We talked at our last Investor Day about flat normalized O&M, so normalized is normalizing for new riders that haven't associated acquired O&M or things like pension benefits, which discount rates and the like, make that number go up and down. So we normalize for all that.  And then we keep it flat. And in 2019, we gave an estimate that by keeping it flat for 3 years across our entire business, we were going to stay versus a 2% escalator like $200-ish million in cumulative basis, and we did. So now it's still flat and we're rolling that out for the full 5-year period. Now we did have some savings that actually went down a little bit in 2019 -- sorry, in 2020 from COVID, not all that's permanent.  But our effort to keep that flat O&M inflation or wage increases and things like that, it's not easy. But it's not through big things like some of our peers have talked about step changes in O&M discovered during COVID. We had some COVID savings for sure, but our approach is a little bit different. It's kind of programmatic, is pushing cost savings as part of the system, the culture, so finding ways to use technology and work smarter throughout the business.  So we have examples of that, that helps us keep that flat O&M. They're tiny in comparison to Dominion: electronic timesheets and electronic signatures. I mean, got along this, they're all tiny. But they add up and that the kind of thing, the small efforts throughout the company, every state, every location that allow us to keep that normalized OEM flat. And the reason we do that is to make room in the customer bill. Yes, it helps out on the customer side and potentially also creates room in that bill for the capital spending that also benefits customers. So that's kind of our other lever we have in managing customer bill is continuing to manage that flat O&M.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Great slide deck today Lots of detail. I have two questions. One, can you remind us as a percent of rate base or dollar millions, what is the cold generation in rate base, both in Virginia and South Carolina?
James Chapman: We set that out on a whole company basis, Michael, on Page 32. And as a percentage of total investment base, which is rate base plus the fixed assets, the PP&E for our smaller contracted assets business, is 7%. 7% of rate base effectively. And just for the 5-year plan, given obviously the spending on other areas, that goes to 4% by 2025 and down from there.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So if I think about it at the Virginia level and you've done a significant amount of coal retirements in Virginia, if you wanted to retire facilities even earlier than planned, some of the coal facilities there, that would accrue or account as part of the CCRO in the 2021 to 2024 time frame? Am I thinking that, that's also an alternative, not just investing new capital that wouldn't necessarily get a cash return but the write-downs of some of the older coal plants might as well?
Robert Blue: Yes. A couple of things there, Michael. One is obviously, we don't make decisions on fossil retirements based on the timing related to regulatory proceeding. That's -- we make those decisions based on the sustainability of those plants going forward or if there's a change in the law or those kinds of things. So I think that's an important thing to keep in mind.  And then the other is that you are sort of conflating 2 different topics, I think. One is this customer credit reinvestment offset, which is provided for by statute. Those are projects that are either grid transformation projects or renewable projects, where that capital investment can be applied as essentially the customer benefit in an earnings sharing mechanism. When you calculate what the -- when the triennial review is done and there are available earnings, there's an earnings sharing mechanism. And then for the customer portion of that to either be a refund or one of these renewable or grid transformation projects.  I think what you're thinking of is if there is -- if we retire a plant early, there's a write-down. And then that expense would be treated logically as an expense in the period if there are available earnings. That's the best for customers. It's what long-standing practice has been in Virginia. So 2 sort of slightly different things you're talking about there. Both have some impact on the calculation and the triennial, but we're obviously a long ways away from the second triennial here.
Michael Lapides: Understood. And just coming back to the coal generation question, do you think your coal units in both states, given how much power prices have come down, given how much CapEx costs for renewables and storage have come down, do you think the coal units are currently economic still to the existing operating coal units? And is there a dramatic difference between the ones in Virginia and the ones in South Carolina?
James Chapman: Yes. I don't know that I'd say there's a dramatic difference. We obviously look at the economics of those plants regularly and make a determination whether they are viable in the future and whether they're properly valued. So we'll do that, continue to do that on a regular basis.
Operator: Our final question comes from Srinjoy Banerjee with Barclays.
Srinjoy Banerjee: Just on thinking about FFO to debt metrics as well as the ratings. So obviously, you guys have seen a consistent improvement to those metrics, 15% in 2020. If you look at the S&P and Moody's targets for high BBB, I guess S&P requires 15% and Moody's requires 17%. So how do you see your FFO debt metrics to evolve over the time period? Would you expect to stay around the 15% mark or expect an improvement, given the riders that you have?
James Chapman: Good to hear from you. Yes, the way we think about that is we've -- it hasn't been easy to achieve the improvement that we show that 1 slide to get to the solidly mid-teens level. And that's where we expect it to stay. So I think maybe you were suggesting, is there an upgrade in the air? Of course, not gets But we -- what we really hope comes to pass at some point is, again, further recognition of the business risk profile improvement.  So I wouldn't expect material changes in the metrics and where we are from what we've achieved and where we landed. I think that's in a good spot. Probably it will stay. But we'd love to have a little bit more headroom to that recognition I mentioned. And we want that headroom not because we want to blow through it but just because we think it's more the better. So that's kind of where we are on credit.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steven Ridge: Thank you, Casey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining on a very busy earnings day. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks, may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slides, as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Executive Chairman; Bob Blue, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and other members of the executive management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thanks, Steve, and good morning. Excuse me. Earlier this week, we completed the sale of the majority of our Gas Transmission & Storage assets to Berkshire Hathaway. We expect the remaining around 20% of the transaction to close early next year. This is a major milestone in the strategic repositioning of our company, and I wish to thank the nearly 1,900 employees who served our company with great distinction in the safe and reliable operation of these best-in-class assets. I have no doubt that these men and women will continue to serve their customers, which includes Dominion Energy and their communities with the same level of dedication and professionalism. I also wish to thank the team at Berkshire Hathaway, who have been excellent partners throughout the process, who have demonstrated strong commitment to their newly acquired employees and customers. Jim will touch on the financial details of the transaction in his prepared remarks. We believe that the investment proposition created through Dominion Energy's strategic repositioning is compelling. We are a pure-play, state regulated utility company operating in some of the nation's most attractive states. We offer an industry-leading clean energy profile. In presentations and IRP filings, we have highlighted regulated and long-term contracted capital investment of up to $55 billion over the next 15 years in projects that directly reduce our emissions footprint, including offshore wind, solar, energy storage, nuclear life extension, renewable natural gas and gas delivery system modernization. That is in addition to many billions of dollars we will also invest over the next decade in complementary programs, such as electric transmission, electric grid modernization, strategic undergrounding and renewable enabling quick-start generation. Our earnings and dividend growth rates, 6.5% and 6%, respectively, are competitive with the highest value companies in our sector. We have a strong balance sheet and a significantly improved business risk profile, and we are focused on transparency and consistency and believe that our shareholders will benefit greatly from the continued execution of our business strategy. Turning to Virginia. Pending gubernatorial review this week, the Virginia General Assembly special session incorporated financially for our customers that have fallen behind on our utility service payments, in addition to extending the service disconnection moratorium and strengthening flexible repayment plan options, the budget calls for the forgiveness of customer balances that are more than 30 days in arrears as of September 30. That forgiveness, which represents around $125 million, will be appropriately accounted for during the 2021 triannual review process. Bob will provide additional commentary on the impact of COVID in our service territories in a few minutes, but sufficed to say, electric demand levels continue to prove resilient, reflecting the economic strength of our premier regulated jurisdictions. Turning to the election for a moment, we like everyone else continue to monitor results. We'll wait to see exactly how future policy reflects the final result. But in any case, we are on an unwavering and industry-leading path to net zero emissions, consistent with state level policy priorities. A more sustainable energy future is what our shareholders, customers, communities and employees want, and we intend to deliver. Finally, we're announcing today several important changes to our Board of Directors. First, following more than 20 years of distinguished service on our Board, including six years as lead Director, John Harris has chosen to retire from the Board effective today. John has been a critical element of our company's success over the years, sharing his diverse experiences as a business community and Board leader to our organization and to me personally as a trusted advisor. I thank him for the outstanding leadership and strategic perspective he has provided during his service, and also for his commitment as he delayed his expected retirement date through much of this year as we navigated some transformational events, including the sale of our Gas Transmission & Storage business and all the -- also the transition to our new CEO, will absolutely be missed. The Board has chosen as its new lead Director, Rob Spilman, who will succeed John effective today. Rob who serves as Chairman, President and CEO of Bassett Furniture Industries joined the Board in 2009 and has served as Chair of our Audit Committee since 2014. Like John Harris, Rob is a proven and experienced business leader, community leader and valued and trusted member of our Board. We look forward to working with him in this new capacity. I'm also pleased to announce that Bob Blue who recently succeeded me in the role of President and CEO, obviously, will be joining our Board also effective today, taking the seat vacated by John as a part of our transition plan. We look forward to having his perspective in the Boardroom as both CEO and fellow Board member. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Tom. Our third quarter 2020 operating earnings shown on slide four, $1.08 per share, which included a $0.04 help from better than normal weather in our utility service territories. Weather normalized results at $1.04 per share, we're at the top of our guidance range, and for the 19th consecutive quarter, we're at or above the quarterly guidance midpoint. Note that our third quarter and year-to-date GAAP and operating earnings together with comparative periods are adjusted to account for discontinued operations associated with the sale of assets to Berkshire Hathaway Energy. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.41 per share, which includes the impact of a customer credit reinvestment offset for the benefit of customers in Virginia, as well as charges associated with our long-term contracted renewable portfolio outside of our core service territories. We also had a positive impact attributable to net gains on our nuclear decommissioning trust funds. As a reminder, we consistently report such gains and losses on those funds as non-operating. A summary of adjustments between operating and reporting -- reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Turning to our earnings outlook on slide five. As usual, our guidance ranges assume normal weather, variations from which could cause results to be toward the top or the bottom of these ranges. We are initiating fourth quarter 2020 operating earnings guidance with a range of $0.73 to $0.87 per share. As mentioned, this range reflects the impact of recasting operating earnings to exclude discontinued operations. Consistent with our press release in late September, we now expect our annual weather-normal operating EPS to be above the midpoint, so in the top half of our annual guidance range. This strong anticipated result is partly a function of lower than assumed COVID-related headwinds and partly a function of continued focus on managing controllable costs carefully. We estimate that through the end of September, lower than budgeted sales associated with the impacts of COVID-19 across our electric utility operations have reduced operating income by approximately $0.05 per share, which is lower than our original expectations and thus far has been largely offset with corporate initiatives. Turning now to slide six, we will, as usual, provide 2021 guidance on our fourth quarter call early in the New Year, but we continue to expect the midpoint of our 2021 guidance range to be between 10% and 11% higher than the midpoint of our 2020 guidance range. We are affirming our long-term annual earnings growth guidance of 6.5% off of 2021 base, as well as annual dividend growth guidance of 6% post 2021. Our focus is on executing our financial plan and extending our track record of meeting or exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. Turning to slide seven, let me briefly touch on the status of the Gas Transmission & Storage sale. As Tom mentioned, we closed on the first phase, representing over 80% of the transaction value earlier this week. We also took receipt of approximately $1.3 billion of cash in anticipation of the sale of the Questar Pipeline assets, which we expect to complete early next year following HSR clearance. At that time, we will transfer control and the remaining $430 million of Questar Pipeline related indebtedness to Berkshire, bringing the total amount of debt reduction for the transaction to nearly $6 billion. We've now completed almost $900 million of direct share repurchases in addition to the previously communicated $1.5 billion accelerated share repurchase agreements that will support ongoing stock repurchases into December. With Phase 2 equity proceeds now in hand, we expect to augment our repurchasing activity between now and the end of the year, bringing our total share repurchases to around $3.1 billion, an increase from prior guidance of about $100 million. There are no changes to our existing equity or fixed income issuance guidance, which are replicated from previous materials in the appendix. Finally, just a reminder that we plan to use our fourth quarter earnings call to provide something of a mini Investor Day style refresh, with supplementary appendix disclosures aimed at providing projected CapEx, rate base and other inputs, which we hope will assist investors in their financial evaluation of our company. So, to summarize my remarks, we remain focused on extending our track record of delivering financial results that meet or exceed our public commitments. We aim to complete share repurchases of approximately $3.1 billion by year-end. We expect our weather-normal operating earnings per share to be above the midpoint of the range for 2020, and we affirm our long-term earnings and dividend growth guidance, and we look forward to engaging with many of you at next week's EEI Financial Conference. I'll now turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Blue: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Let me begin with an update on the company's safety performance. As shown on slide eight, the record setting performance from the first half of the year continued during the third quarter, and we remain on track to deliver the safest year of operations in the company's history. At the current pace, our annual OSHA recordable rate would be around 40% lower than last year and represent a 79% improvement since 2006. Turning to the pandemic, I'd like to express our gratitude to the front line workers who continue to help people affected by COVID-19, as well as all those who are engaged in developing vaccines and new therapies. I'm also grateful for our employees, who perform a vital public service by keeping homes, hospitals and businesses energized. We continue to reflect the latest public health guidance in our COVID-19 policies to keep our employees, customers and communities as safe as possible. The graphs on slide nine depict weather-normalized electric demand since the emergence of COVID-19 relative to the two-year historic weather-normal average. On the left side, demand in the PJM DomZone continues to be very resilient despite the pandemic, largely due to robust residential and data center demand. As shown on the right side, electric demand in South Carolina has not been quite as resilient, so we saw a significant improvement from April lows through the high volume third quarter summer months. As a reminder, impacts from COVID on our gas distribution operations are much more muted, partly as a result of decoupling and other regulatory mechanisms. Turning to slide 10. We also benefit from operating in states that have proven economically resilient. During the third quarter, we saw continued improvement of utility fundamentals across our largest state. In Virginia, we continue to see strong growth in new customer connections and very strong data center demand growth. Customer growth is up 1.4% year-over-year and year-to-date data center sales were up 19%. In South Carolina, year-over-year customer growth is 2.1% for electric operations and gas customer growth is 3.8%. Gas distribution utilities recorded customer growth of between 1.5% and 3.8% across Ohio, Utah and North Carolina. Unemployment levels in several of our primary states are well below the national average, and have all shown dramatic improvement. That said, we are mindful of our customers and the difficult time this has been for many of them. As Tom discussed, we have work to assist our customers in addressing the financial challenges they may be facing. COVID impacts remain difficult to predict, so we are reiterating the demand-related earnings sensitivities that we provided on the first quarter call and which can be found in the appendix of today's presentation. Beyond our day-to-day performance, we're engaged in an enterprise-wide effort consistent with state policies to increase the sustainability of our products and services. Highlights include an updated Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Report published last month, the submission on our first renewable portfolio standard filing, which describes our plans to comply with the objectives of the Virginia Clean Economy Act, our most recent solar generation filing in Virginia representing nine solar facilities totaling nearly 500 megawatts and the beginning of renewable natural gas production which is significantly carbon-negative from our first Smithfield Foods partnership facility. Perhaps our most notable efforts are around offshore wind. In 2013, we acquired a 112,000 acre lease 26 miles off the Coast of Virginia. We were the first company to successfully complete the federal permitting process coordinated by BOEM for a wind project in federal waters. That permit covered our 12 megawatt test project, which was successfully energized just weeks ago and is depicted on the cover of today's presentation materials. We continue to be on track to submit our permit application for our 2.6 gigawatt $8 billion full-scale deployment at year-end. And just as a reminder, our existing leasehold acreage will fully support that project. We expect BOEM permitting to take around two years with capital investment to start to ramp up in 2023 and full-scale construction commencing in 2024. We do not expect that recent pronouncements regarding the future federal offshore leasing will have any impact on our plans. Lastly, let me address the Dominion Energy South Carolina electric rate case. We've been participating in discovery and initial testimony processes. Hearings are scheduled to begin early next year, with the decision in February. We believe our proposal, which equates to less than 1% per year bill increase since the last general rate case fairly reflects the substantial investments we've made in the last eight years or so to connect over 80,000 new customers and achieved the reliable and responsive service that our customers deserve. We look forward to a constructive outcome for all stakeholders. As you heard Tom describe, we've positioned our company strategically in a way that we believe will provide the greatest long-term value to shareholders, employees and communities. Our focus now is on execution. We are well positioned across our pure-play electric and gas utilities to make investments that grow our company and deliver value for customers and investors. With that, I'll summarize today's call as shown on slide 12. Our safety performance is on track to set a new company record. We achieved weather-normalized operating earnings that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 19th consecutive quarter. We affirmed our current and long-term earnings and dividend per share growth guidance. We believe we offer a compelling investment opportunity and we're focused on executing our robust organic growth plan, and we are aggressively pursuing our vision to become the most sustainable energy company in the country. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Bob Blue: Good morning, Shar.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick questions here. On just the offshore wind, I think you guys plan to file the COP for the 2.6 gigawatts of offshore wind that you highlight with BOEM later this year, and we've seen some other developers kind of in the Northeast have some delays in the time between filing the COP and receiving the review schedule from BOEM. Wondering, what's given you a sense that you're going to receive a review schedule from BOEM in '22, just to get a little bit of a sense there. I mean, obviously, you guys have some cushion in your construction schedule and how you guide investors, so just curious how we should think about what we're seeing in the -- on the Eastern side with you guys.
Bob Blue: Thanks a lot Shar, this is Bob.
Shar Pourreza: Hi.
Bob Blue: We're keeping an eye on those Northeast projects, obviously, and we're learning from them as they move through permitting. And we also intend to take advantage of our experience with permitting as we described in our opening remarks, the only project currently in federal waters. We're comfortable with our schedule, we'll file as you noted at the end of this year. We expect about two years for BOEM review and that will, we think, be a comfortable timeframe for us to get our construction and our project in service in '26. So, we're very bullish on that commercial project. Look forward to the process with BOEM and getting that project under construction.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then, obviously, potentially higher corporate tax rates with the new administration or maybe a new administration, have you guys done sort of any preliminary work assuming like, let's say, an increase to 28% tax rates, for instance, on the whole-co or the op-co [ph] and potential impacts to maybe your ongoing equity needs? I mean, obviously, you're obviously a consolidated taxpayer. And then just any sense on what the potential bill impact could be as we think about the higher corporate tax rate, maybe a question for Jim.
Jim Chapman: Yes, Shar. Let me address that. Obviously, as Tom mentioned, we're all watching developments and it's pretty hypothetical at this stage, the election and any follow-on tax reform result. But yes, we're watching and we're doing some math. Really it's pretty early. It's too early to tell. So, if it happens, tax reform, we -- first of all, we expect that will be addressed across our utility properties in every state in different ways, like it did last time. Some of it just through rider true-ups, like in Virginia and some of our larger LDCs, some of it through regulatory proceedings on that topic, but we are a cash taxpayer currently. It's heavily shielded from -- based on our tax credit positions that we currently pay on a cash basis, 5% or so, cash taxes. So, if the rate went from 21% to 28% as it's proposed, that cash tax rate will go from around 5% to around 7%. So, not a quantum leap. So, there would be, we assume, some credit metric help there for the forecast period. We don't know enough yet to understand the quantum of that help, so it's a positive. Now, is it enough to impact equity financing plan, which is part of your question, we're not there yet to say that. I would say that in light of our spending program, our investment capital program, our equity financing plan is already pretty modest, and all of it's anticipated to our existing program. So, we're not quite there. We think the tax reform, if it happens, will be a positive, but we don't have the exact math yet to see how positive it would be. On the customer bill, the other part of your question, also hypothetical, doing some rough math. The devil is in the details, but we are seeing -- there are some differences state-to-state, but it probably would be kind of in the range of a 1% to 2% kind of customer bill increase and we prefer that not happen, but it's in that kind of modest range.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. So, very manageable. And -- very clear cut quarter guys. That's all the questions I had. Thanks.
Bob Blue: Thanks a lot.
Jim Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow up, I guess, on the first question regarding the offshore wind, and it seems like in New England the -- there is this -- they agreed to this one-by-one mile configuration and that everyone for the most part agrees with that, except for the fishing community. So, could you maybe just give color on kind of, is that the configuration you're planning to use and do you have any of the same opposition of the kind of fishing community that you've had up in New England?
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Fishing issues are different off our Coast than in New England. So, on turbine spacing, we're going to work with the Coast Guard and other stakeholders, shipping lanes in addition to fishing shipping lanes are going to be different for us than they might be in other projects and particularly ones that are several projects that may be strong together, whereas ours does not have that at the moment. So, we'll make sure we work with Coast Guard, other interested parties, but we're confident that we can get spacing that makes sense for our project and is going to work for regulators and other interested parties.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, that's great. That was it from me. Thank you.
Bob Blue: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Bob Blue: Good morning, Jeremy.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe continuing with offshore wind, if that's okay here and just thinking about the construction side a bit, can you talk about what you've learned with the trial project so far and how that might help with your future development, such as navigating the supply chain?
Bob Blue: Yes, Jeremy. That's a great question. And I think you hit on one of the things that we've learned a great deal about is the supply chain and the importance of the supply chain. We've selected our preferred turbine vendor already and we have a very good understanding I think in ways that maybe we didn't before of how to sequence this project, so you need to make sure that when step 2 is ready to go, that step 1 has been completed, it's -- that's much more crucial maybe on this kind of project than even on some others. Things have to be done sequentially. So, we've learned a great deal about that and we've learned a great deal about the other parties in the industry, it's not an enormous industry. And so, we've had an opportunity to get a lot to know a lot of folks that way. Those kind of relationships are going to be really valuable to us as we move forward with construction of this project. So -- and then finally, back to the permitting side, we've certainly learned about working with them. So, all of those things together I think have helped us out as we move forward with the bigger project.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks. And maybe just pivoting to South Carolina here. And as you -- just any thoughts you have as how the first rate case in South Carolina could progress, your first one after acquiring Scana [ph] here? And could you just give a sense for how you think the relationships have developed there over time?
Bob Blue: Yes. We have worked very hard and succeeded in meeting the commitments that we made when we announced this transaction. And I think that credibility is important for us and then we filed a case that was very much down the fairway, solid, well supported case, and we're moving through the process the way you would expect. So, I think the credibility that we seek to establish that we're going to continue to maintain will help us out, and also thinking very carefully about what we were looking for when we filed that case will pay off, I believe.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. That's helpful. I'll stop there.
Bob Blue: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Bob Blue: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Hey. Do you think -- if Biden is elected President, do you think there would be a possibility that the two-year timeframe that BOEM could be shortened or accelerated in some way? And if that happens, would that accelerate the construction process at all or is that just on its own timeline no matter what?
Bob Blue: Well, obviously, with all the caveats about, we don't know who is going to be the next president.
Michael Weinstein: Right.
Bob Blue: I think our focus really is we've got a timeframe that we think makes sense, both for permitting and construction. And that's what we're going to stick to. And again, sort of back to where we started, we feel very confident in that schedule. I don't think we're sort of thinking about shifting that around. We have plenty to say grace over with the permitting and construction process for that project.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And is there anything that investors should be aware about as you prepare your first triannual review filing, I think you said last time that you were going to be filing it next year, in the midyear?
Bob Blue: Yes. So, we've talked about this, we're going to file in March, expect an order in November. It will review the period 2017 to 2020 and we'll know -- we'll have an order at the end of the year, next year, pretty straightforward.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Is -- do you see growing data center demand in Virginia as -- I don't know, as that says potentially helping with the filing at this point or is that something that can help offset any other increase in costs, anything else [ph]?
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean, the strength of our customer base is always helpful, and we're not seeing a lot up in data center demand, it's continuing.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. All right, thank you.
Bob Blue: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Enjoy your day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Earnings materials, including today’s prepared remarks may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we are – which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review webcast slide as well as the earnings release kit. Joining today’s call are Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; as well as other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Steven and good morning. Our second quarter 2020 operating earnings were $0.82 per share, which included a $0.03 hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service territories. Weather normalized results of $0.85 per share, we’re at the top of our guidance range and for the 18th consecutive quarter were at or above the quarterly guidance midpoint. We expect the full year financial impact of weather to be more balanced than during the first two quarters of the year. Preliminary data indicate that July was around $0.04 better than normal and early predictions for August suggest potential for additional weather helps. Note that our second quarter GAAP and operating earnings are not adjusted to account for discontinued operations, given the timing of our recent announcement, but will be reflected beginning with our third quarter disclosures. GAAP earnings for the quarter were negative $1.41 per share. This result was driven primarily by impairment related charges associated with the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header project. We also had a positive impact attributable to the net gains on our nuclear decommissioning trust. As a reminder, we report such gains and losses on these funds as non-operating. A summary of adjustments between operating and reporting results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. On Slide 4, we’re initiating third quarter 2020 operating earnings guidance with a range of $0.85 to $1.05 per share. As mentioned, this range reflects the impact of recasting operating earnings to exclude discontinued operations. We’re also affirming the 2020 annual guidance range provided on our July 6 Investor Call. As usual, these ranges assume normal weather variations from which to cause results to be toward the top or the bottom of these ranges. Typically, we provide year ago actual results alongside our guidelines. Given the need to adjust historic results for discontinued operations to provide a useful point of comparison, we plan to provide these figures when we report third quarter and full year results, respectively. I would also note that our 2020 10-K will include three full years of historic results that have been adjusted to reflect the impact of discontinued operations. Finally, we’re also affirming the long-term annual growth guidance we gave earlier this month for earnings and dividends per share. I’ll now turn to discuss our observation on the financial impact of COVID-19. The graph on Slide 5 represents daily and seven day average weather-normalized load in the PJM Dom Zone as compared to the two year historic weather normal average. Strong residential on data center demand continues to support overall load levels that modestly exceed the historic average. This is a continuation of the theme, we’ve seen since the pandemic began. Looking forward, we expect this trend to continue. We provide corresponding data for Dominion Energy South Carolina on the next slide. Recall the story here, diverge from DEV, and that we did experience whether normal load degradation earlier this year. On the first quarter call, we suggested that April could represent a bottoming out with gradual improvements to the summer. Fortunately, at least so far, that has been the case with July demand only 1% off whether normal historic averages. I would also point out that the higher volumes sold in the summer month like July, tend to have a larger impact on our annual sales revenues than the lower volume shoulder months. We currently expect this general recovery trend to continue in South Carolina through the reminder of the year. We estimate that through the end of June lower than budgeted sales associated with the impacts of COVID-19 across our electric utility operation have impacted operating income by approximately $0.04 per share, which thus far has been largely offset with corporate initiatives. The future remains difficult to predict. So we’re reiterating the demand-related earnings sensitivity that we’ve provided on the first quarter call and which can be found in the appendix of today’s presentation. Consistent with our expectations customer arrears have increased modestly to date. We continue to work carefully with our customers to provide options and tools to assist them in returning their accounts to current. Our GAAP results for the quarter, reflect the recognition of a COVID-related reserve around $20 million representing our current expectation for incremental expense associated with future uncollectible accounts. Turning now to the financing update as shown on Slide 7. We provide detailed guidance on our equity capital raising plans. First, we’re seizing the issuance of new shares under the DRIP program with immediate effect. Resulting in a total of about $160 million of new share issued under the program in 2020, roughly half of our prior estimate. In 2021 and beyond, we’ll return to our historic norm of around $300 million of new shared issuance for the year. Second, starting in 2022, we expect to see our at-the-market program begin to ramp up, such that by 2024, our first big year of offshore wind investment, we’re back to the $300 million to $500 million per year range that we’ve previously articulated at Investor Day. And third, we continue to target year end completion. This year we purchased – we announced earlier this month. Recall that the Board’s authorization for the announced $3 billion buyback was with immediate effect. We currently expect that there may be some modest upper bias to this figure based on additional refinement of our overall tax analysis. We’ll provide additional details around sharing purchases next quarter, but would note, that we have not yet repurchased any shares. We have exciting opportunities to deploy significant amounts of capital directed at sustainable energy and related projects. These projected modest equity financing activities will support EPS accretive capital investment. Tuning to fixed income. We’ve included a slide in the appendix detailing our very modest remaining issuance for the year. Overall, we view the debt capital market as healthy and liquid across the spectrum of churn. And we currently have nearly $7 billion in available liquidity. Our credit rating agencies responded positively for the announcements we’ve made earlier this month. S&P revised their outlook to positive, while Moody’s and Fitch affirmed creating. In all cases, the agencies remarked on the credit positive aspects of our strategic repositioning. We expect that successful execution of our financial plan will further demonstrate the clear and positive reduction of our overall business risk profile. Finally to summarize my remark, let me get some insight into our investor relations strategy over the next several months, as shown on Slide 8. We are increasing our proactive outreach using virtual tools to interact with both existing and prospective shareholders throughout the world, including geographies where ESG related factors are playing an increasingly prominent role in investment decisions. We are wrapping up our investor targeting efforts to identify prospective shareholders, for which are compelling, clean energy, operating and financial profile will resonate. We plan to use our fourth quarter earnings call to provide something of an Investor Day style refresh with supplementary appendix disclosures aimed at providing projected CapEx, rate base and other inputs, which we hope will assist investors and their financial evaluation our company. It’s our responsibility to get our repositioned story into the market. We therefore look forward to connecting with many of you for discussions on these topics during the next several months. So to summarize my remarks, we remain focused on extending our track record of delivering financial results that meet or exceed our public commitments. We feel that our businesses are well positioned with regard to COVID-related demand impacts, but we’re monitoring that situation carefully. We are affirming our updated 2020 operating range guidance as well as the long-term operating earnings and dividend growth outlooks provided earlier this month. And finally, we’ll look forward to increasing engagement with existing and prospective investors in the months to come. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. I would like to start by again, expressing our gratitude for the medical and other frontline healthcare professionals who are engaged in a courageous effort to assist those who have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We salute their efforts. Just as we salute the efforts of our employees who continue to perform a vital public service by literally keeping the lights on and critical energy flowing. We continue to evolve our COVID response to incorporate the most up to date guidance from the medical and public health community. Social distancing, proper PPE and where practical remote work have become the expectation for all employees. We’re also mindful of our customers and the difficult time this has been for them. We have worked closely with regulators to take steps, including the voluntary suspension of nonpayment service disconnections and the offering of flexible payment plans to assist our customers in addressing the financial challenges they may be facing. Turning to safety, which is our first core value on Slide 9. Our year-to-date results put us on track to make 2020, the safest year of operation in the company to use more than 100 year history. As an organization with nearly 20,000 employees and 7 million customers, our safety performance matters to thousands of families and communities, which is why it matters so much to us. The ability to impact lives on a broader scale is also why when we see an issue that deeply impacts our employees, customers, and communities, we get involved. Recent social unrest partly caused by the murder in Minneapolis has led us to question, what more we can do to assist them in the cause of social justice and racial equality. Early last month, we publicly committed $5 million to social justice and community rebuilding efforts. The funds will support non-profit organizations advocating for social justice and equality. Grants will also be designated to help minority on its small businesses, recover from recent disruptions to their businesses. Words can about sympathy, empathy, compassion, and understanding, but it’s a mini energy. We believe that actions speak loud. So we’re investing in recovery and reconciliation and in the vital work of overcoming years of debilitating actions, attitudes, and abuses of authority that have traumatized our country. This month, we followed up on that amendment with additional pledge of $35 million that will support 11 historically black colleges and universities representing 35,000 students across Virginia, Ohio, North and South Carolina, as well as the scholarship fund focused on African American and underrepresented minority students across all of our service territories. These institutions have been foundational in the struggle to improve the lives of African Americans and in the fight for social justice. We’re pleased and humbled to build on our company’s nearly 40-year history of supporting historically black colleges and universities. These initiatives are recognition of the importance of education as an equalizer in society. Across our company, we are engaging these issues like never before listening and being heard. We are committed and taking major steps to increase the diversity of our workforce. And in recent years, we have meaningfully improved our supplier diversity. Embracing diversity inclusion is not only the right thing to do. It is imperative to our long-term success as a company. And we’re changing the way that long-term successful look operationally and financially. Slide 11 summarize the highlights of our strategic repositioning, which include a narrow focus to our premier state-regulated utility operations, which will account for approximately 85% to 90% of our operating earnings, an industry-leading clean energy profile, best-in-class long-term earnings and dividend per share growth and the low risk business profile and healthy balance sheet. We have a vision for the future. And we are preparing our company to be at the vanguard of the energy transition does is accelerating across our country. We’re investing billions of dollars in a transition that will make zero and low emitting resources accountable for around 95% of our company-wide electric generation by the end of 2035. As shown on Slide 12, we have a plan described in our integrated resource plan files to grow our renewable energy capacity by average, over 15% per year for the next 15 years. We have successfully achieved our 3,000 megawatt targets for renewable generation in a service or under development in the state of Virginia a year and a half ahead of schedule. And we are now the third largest owner of solar capacity among utility companies in the country. Our pilot offshore wind project depicted on the cover of these materials is the only project to have successfully completed the permitting process. It will begin to generate electricity this quarter. Our $8 billion, 2.6 gigawatt full-scale offshore wind deployment continues on schedule. Recent permitting recommendations for Northeast wind projects are not expected to alter materially our project plans and will be accounted for when we submit our construction and operation plan later this year. Finally, earlier this month, Virginia State Corporation Commission approved our renewable energy tariff, which enables us to offer an exciting 100% renewable energy products to our customers. We’re equally focused on emission reductions in our gas distribution utilities. Pipeline and other aging infrastructure replacement, extensive late detection and repair efforts and modified operational procedures designed to capture gas that used to be ventilated – vented during amendments or reduce the methane emissions of our natural gas utility operations, 65% by the end of this decade and 80% by the end of the next. We’re also finding innovative ways to help our customers improve their sustainability. As one of the country’s largest investors in renewable natural gas, we were at the forefront of the intersection of agricultural emission reductions and offering natural gas customers green option is actually carbon negative. Meaning that it takes more greenhouse gases out of the atmosphere that it creates, when it is used by the customer. In coming months, we will share additional insights into our expanding vision for a sustainable energy future for our company and the country. Next, let me address the upcoming Dominion Energy South Carolina rate case. Earlier this month, we made a preliminary filing that formerly signaled our intent to file a general rate case proceedings next month, the first for the base electric business in South Carolina, since 2012. We expect new rates based on a typical procedural schedule to be effective in March of 2021. Since the last rate case eight years ago, Dominion Energy South Carolina has connected over 80,000 new electric customers, representing a 12% increase and invested over $2 billion net retirement and electric generation, transmission, and distribution systems that serve customers every day. Despite prudent cost management, the resulting earned return does not measure up to the cost of capital we must employ to maintain excellent reliability and service that our customers rely on. We estimate that our filing will imply a single-digit percentage rate increase, which will be significantly lower than the compounded rate of inflation of nearly 14% since the end of the last test year of 2011. Customers count us, keep the lights on and to deliver a portable and increasingly sustainable electricity. We are as committed to that deal in South Carolina today, as we were when we closed the merger. With that, I’ll summarize today’s call as follows. Our safety performance is on track to set the new company record. We’re making important financial commitments to address social justice and support African American and other represented minority students. We achieved weather-normalized operating earnings that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 18th consecutive quarter. We affirmed our enhanced long-term earnings and dividends per share growth guidance. Our transaction with Berkshire Hathaway is on schedule for our fourth quarter closing. And we are aggressively pursuing our vision to be the most sustainable energy company in the country. Before we turn to your questions, I want to discuss our announcement this morning about my change role from President and CEO to Executive Chairman at Dominion effective at the end of this quarter. I’m in my 25th year at the company, 15th year as CEO, in term of 65 last December. Three years ago, the Board began to consider various alternatives to my eventual retirement. We have undertaken a series of steps over these years. Last September, we took an important step in that process by creating the Co-Chief Operating Officer role. Today’s announcement is another step in a long designed succession process. I’m pleased to say that Bob Blue will become President and CEO on October 1, reporting to me as Executive Chair. Diane Leopold is being promoted to Chief Operating Officer reporting to Blue and will be responsible for all of the company’s operations across our multi-state footprint. Jim Chapman, our CFO will report to Blue as well Carter Reid, President of our Services company, Carlos Brown, our General Counsel, Bill Murray, our Head of Corporate Affairs and Public Policy, Corynne Arnett, our Head of Regulation and Customer Experience, and Tanya Ross, our Chief Auditor. Carter Reid will also report to me in her role as Chief of Staff of Dominion. I provide you with this detail to underscore that the team we have assembled at Dominion over the past 15 years will be the same team that carries us into the future. It is this group that has taken Dominion to the top ranks among American utilities in safety, operational excellence, and compliance. It is also this team that is supported and expanded our steadfast commitment to sustainability, diversity and community engagement. These individuals, of course, did not achieve these results on their own. They were supported by thousands of others at our company, who share and live our company’s values. As you know, over the years, we have made significant and in some cases, transformative changes to Dominion, like our succession process, we have taken a deliberate strategic approach to repositioning Dominion for the future. We are now largely state regulated multi-utility company with a growth profile for both earnings per share and dividends among the highest in our industry. We also have one of the strongest ESG stories in the sector. From exiting oil and gas production and merchant fossil generation to merging with Questar and SCANA to embracing solar power, advanced storage and grid modernization, to relicensing our nuclear fleet, as well as the development of the largest offshore wind farm in the America, it has been this team of individuals leading the way. With our most recent strategic alignment and selling our gas storage and pipeline segment, embracing a clear path net zero by 2050. The Board and I thought it would be an appropriate time to take the next step in our management transition at the end of this quarter. There is no established timeframe for my role as Executive Chair. And I look forward to continue to serve the company on behalf of our shareholders, customers, and communities. The primary goal of our succession planning process has been to ensure continuity of our strategy, public policy, corporate values and operational excellence. This change is a step in carrying out that goal, and we’ll also continue to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the company. As Executive Chair, I will continue to represent the company engaging with key stakeholders, industry groups, and others that will be particularly focused on continuing to develop our strategic plan and Dominion’s leadership in the new clean energy economy. And with that, we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Now our first question will come from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: Good morning. Can everybody hear me?
Tom Farrell: Yes, we can. Good morning.
James Thalacker: Well, thanks for taking my questions. And before we start now, congratulations to both you Tom, Bob and Diane for the announcements today.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
James Thalacker: Just two real quick questions. On Slide 8, you discussed an investor day style financial update, which will include a rolling forward of the capital plan and a rate base estimates. Would this include year-by-year and or a segment-by-segment program breakdown of the capital spend as well as the associated rate base by year in segment?
Jim Chapman: Yes, James. Good morning, it’s Jim. Yes, so we were in planning stages for that for the fourth quarter rollout of that analyst day, investor day style refresh. And we hope to do at least the kinds of things we did last time around last March, where we did provide by segment and mostly by year rate base and other growth data. So if we can improve on that little bit, we’re thinking through how to do that. We welcome feedback. Well, we do expect to provide kind of everything covered that you just mentioned on the fourth quarter call.
James Thalacker: Okay. And I mean, and just staying in that vein, since you’ve already given sort of some of the financing through 2024. We’re going to be look on for a year. Will we probably rolled this out like 2021 through 2025. How are you thinking about that?
Jim Chapman: Yes. I think so, yes, that’s a possibility for sure. I don’t want to say, let me add to our existing disclosure. I mean, it’s not so updated. Last March, we still have $26 billion of growth capital spending from 2019 to 2023. We updated some of that on the first quarter call this year for three programs under the BCA in Virginia. Obviously, longer term, our gas transmission storage capital spend, which is about $3.5 billion comes out of that. But our existing guidance is still largely intact and relevant, but we will be providing that roll forward with some more granular updates on fourth quarter call.
James Thalacker: And just last question on this part of it is, and really just of sticking to 2025 sort of timeframe. You’ve given a lot of line of sight on the financing through 2024, but your CapEx really, as you start to do the offshore wind starts to really build it up in 2023, 2024. Just wondering if you are looking to sort of move your CapEx forecast out a little bit farther to kind of talk about the financing plan as we move into 2024 to 2026 and the offshore wind starts coming online.
Jim Chapman: Yes. Fair enough. I mean, those numbers do get big, and there’s a lot of visibility around that offshore wind spend. But I would say that on an overall basis, the cadence of that $26 billion, the whole bill number, and they’ll just know it’s pretty much a run rate. So yes, there’s a slight increase there. So if we – as we provide additional detail or additional year of capital spend will also support that with information on our financing plan. But I wouldn’t expect a drastic departure from our kind of run rate numbers that we’ve talked about today.
James Thalacker: [Technical Difficulty]
Tom Farrell: James, you’re cutting out there a little bit, but that kind of run rate, again, we’ll provide an update on the fourth quarter call. But it’s not going to be a drastic departure from that, if that was your question.
James Thalacker: Yes. No, that’s perfect. And then the last question, I apologize. But clearly, there’s been a lot of press in the last week surrounding political spending practices and vehicles. On Slide 20, you briefly address your rankings in the CPA-Zicklin Index, which highlights the user trends that are under their methodology. But I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more past and current use of social welfare organizations like the 501(c)(4). And do you plan to modify your political strategies at all in light of the recent investigation?
Tom Farrell: Sure. Thanks for asking. First, we have fully disclosed 501(c)(4) contributions for many years. Zicklin center, you referenced is independent organization that works with the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Two, look it up, we’re huge, very wide variety of factors, and they rank all these companies on their disclosure practices. Our disclosure is ranked among the highest in the country, certainly, among the highest in utilities for its transparency. Now I like said, we’ve disclosed all of them. And over the last five years, I think our contributions have been under $500,000. 70% of which went to an organization that associated with American Petroleum Institute supporting pipeline projects. So we’re fully disclosed everything. It’s not – it’s a very small part of what we do under $500,000 over five years. And we have no intention of changing our practices because they are perfectly appropriate completely compliant with every state in federal law by wide margins. We have nothing to be concerned about with respect to any of our political giving or giving to these so-called 501(c)(4).
James Thalacker: Great. Thanks for all the time. And sorry about the phone breaking up there in the middle. Have a better weekend.
Tom Farrell: That’s okay. We heard you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys. Just on the equity guide, some people may be struggling with it. Buying back this year and starting to issue next year. Can you touch on this thought and why not decide to delever and further sort of improve the credit metrics versus buying back, which could be sort of multiple accretive in and of itself. So, and then just have a quick follow-up.
Jim Chapman: Yes, Shah. Let me start there. So look, our balance sheet is already in the right place and I’m going to take time to go through all of the history, but I think as you know, we’ve made a ton of progress in that area over the last several years and as even better pro forma for the sale of T&S business. So that sale almost $6 billion of the $10 billion transaction value is really from our perspective debt retirement. I think the agencies have recognized that also in their commentary, as I just talked about positive outlook from S&P, et cetera. So given that the status of our balance sheet and the related improvements for this transaction, we do a pretty good about our plan to provide the net proceeds back to our shareholders in this buyback, which we’re, as I mentioned, we’re targeting for completion by the end of the year. But that said, we do have a sizeable clean energy and related capital spend program, just talked about that with James. And it’s only increasing, as we go through the years slowly. So therefore, we do, even though we’re doing the buyback, it would give them the net proceeds back to our shareholders. We think it’s prudent with that strong balance sheet position we’re in. We do plan to recommence some equity issuance, even if it’s just in this form of DRIP in 2021 and beyond. But I think the perspective is important. I mean, for spending programs that decides what we’re doing to be starting out with DRIP less than 0.5 percentage point of our market cap a year and a pretty efficient program like DRIP. And later, just with other efficient programs, all in our ATM, we think it’s overall pretty modest and we make its best way to go.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just honing in on the buyback, what specifically again, driving upsizing, can I sort of quantify and then on the timing seems that 4Q purchases could be a little bit conservative on your viewpoint. Can you buyback sooner even if you don’t have the proceeds in the door and can you potentially close this transaction sooner than 4Q? So what’s driving the upsizing and can you start to buyback sooner than 4Q even if the proceeds on that? Thanks.
Jim Chapman: Yes. So we have a couple of things there. We have a board authority to commit our buybacks with immediate effect. We do not need to wait until the transaction closes. But we haven’t bought it yet. And we retain kind of full flexibility. We do that with open market purchases. We could do it with accelerated share repurchases, tender, Dutch auction, so more guidance to come on that through the fall as we go. We do expect still to complete that by the end of the year, even if we start sooner. We’re not guiding to any different closing time line than the kind of early fourth quarter, although that all remains on track. But then as it relates to the amount the quantum. Yes, we mentioned there’s upward bias. Where is that coming from, and we’ll provide more detail on that too as we go. But that comes from, first of all, just a conservative first cut on what tax – cash taxes would be on this sale. We indicated about $700 million. So there’s interplay there between the tax aspect of the sale and the tax aspect of the pipeline abandonment, an impairment of supply header and the interplay of our sizable tax credit position. So as we continue to do more work on that, we see probably if anything, downward bias in the taxes table from $700 million, and therefore upward bias in the size of the buyback. And it’s not huge, again, we’ll come to that guidance. It’s somewhere between $200 million out of that magnitude and we’ll provide more guidance. But again, conservative first cut, probably improving from there modestly, and we’ll provide more detail on all that as we go through the fall.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks, Jim. And Tom, congrats on phase two of your career.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations to you, Tom. So maybe just starting off, I actually have one question only – the other questions have been answered. Jim, so the credit rating agencies for the transaction obviously came out with a positive view. I didn’t see it, but is there a chance that your FFO to debt metrics get adjusted here going forward now that the business mix is very different?
Jim Chapman: Thanks, Durgesh. By that do you mean kind of the downgrade or upgrade thresholds from the agencies?
Durgesh Chopra: Exactly. Yes.
Jim Chapman: I can’t speak for the agencies there. On the downgrade side, there hasn’t been action yet. I would think that as we continue to execute on this plan and improve our business risk profile – de-risk our profile, that would be a logical thing to discuss. But we’re not guiding folks to expect that in the near-term. But I understand the question and we’ll see what happens.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks guys. And great quarter, again. Thank you.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. Congratulations, Tom, Bob and Diane, all three of you. I just want to ask about the – as we get closer to the triennial review, I think you should be filing it pretty soon. What should we’d be looking for there in terms of timeline and dates and hearings and things like that?
Bob Blue: Michael, it’s Bob Blue. So obviously, we’re focused on that triennial. We will file it in March of next year and it will be litigated over the course of that year with the decision by the end of November. So that’s the cadence for that.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. And in terms of the offshore wind project, it wasn’t really much mentioned in the presentation this time around. But I’m just wondering if you could give us an update on, I guess, the filing, which I think you’re planning – still planning at the end of the year, right, with BOEM?
Bob Blue: Right. We expect to file the half with them at the end of this year. And it’s progressing well. The survey and geotechnical work and preparation that are going very well. So we’re pleased just as we were pleased with construction on the test terms.
Michael Weinstein: Is that project included on that slide that shows the 15% – over 15% increase and the global generation over for 2035?
Tom Farrell: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And it was a relatively small part of it. It looks like solar is the vast majority of it.
Tom Farrell: That’s correct. It’s a large solar build. I don’t really think of their commercial product as small, however, it’s the largest in the Americas.
Michael Weinstein: So I think it’s going to get to work by solar. Is that all ends in the state of Virginia and South Carolina, I suppose.
Tom Farrell: It’s within the PJM footprint. But we’re talking mostly in Virginia.
Michael Weinstein: Great. All right, thank you very much, guys. And congratulations again, and have a good weekend.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Tom, congrats to you, been a long time and also congrats to Bob and to Diane, well-deserved.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Steve Fleishman: In good hands. So I guess just – could you just remind us what you need to do to actually get the transaction closed in terms of approvals, just so we’re tracking that?
Tom Farrell: We just have an HSR and that’s progressing along just fine.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. And then, there’s not going to be a lot of time to actually execute on the buybacks in Q4. It’s a decent amount of stock. So could you just talk about kind of how you’re thinking about doing it?
Jim Chapman: Yes, let me go there Steve. So again, we don’t have issued guidance on that yet. And we’ll provide more through the fall. I just mentioned all other kind of options we have in our disposal to get that done, but we don’t necessarily need to wait until the fourth quarter start and we probably won’t. So could it – it’s very well to be a mix of approaches market purchases and other approaches. In addition to, we’re going to place fourth quarter tender style event. I know that’s pretty broad, but we don’t need to compress that into just a month or two. And the fourth quarter we have to start now.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then maybe just when you look at, I guess, I know you said you’re going to be doing a lot of continued marketing on the company story kind of the new clean energy further refocus there. Just maybe you can give a little color on what kind of feedback you’ve gotten so far. Because obviously there was big news with financial changes and then this refocus. What kind of investor feedback you’ve gotten so far?
Tom Farrell: Yes, let me start there. And that was just three weeks ago or so when we made this announcement. And we did get quite a bit of feedback from across the spectrum, different types of investors. And we took it all to heart. We sat around and considered a lot of it pretty carefully, including notably the feedback from retail investors who are very focused on the dividend and income funds investors. So we get that and took that to heart. But the feedback from, I guess, maybe longer-term investors, institutional investors. And those investors that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that are in North America or elsewhere, that increasingly are thinking about their investment decisions through the lens of ESG topic. That feedback was pretty positive on the long-term prospects of this transaction. We positioned the company in this way, strengthening the sheet, increasing the growth rate, highlighting all the already underway ESG spending programs, clean energy and related. So I think that’s been pretty good, but it is a change, a material change for Dominion. So we have been already and we highlighted here that we’re going to spend a lot of time in the next few months, just reconnecting with people, existing investors, prospective investors are walking through that story, making sure everyone gets it, not only what we’ve done, but exactly what we’re doing under the spending programs and decide and scale and cadence and the financing there’s a lot to talk about. And one thing that’s been consistent in all of our interactions with investors existing perspective in the last three weeks is everyone really wants to spend more time and make sure they get it and understanding all the dynamics. But overall it’s been pretty positive.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for kicking me in here.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Just a multipronged question on natural gas, I could hear. I’m just wondering how you think the need in your service territories have changed over time since you first announced ACP. And with the ACP cancellation, what are your expectations for gas distribution CapEx into the fourth quarter refresh here? Is there an upward bias especially without [indiscernible] competing for capital? And finally, if I could, just how do you think hydrogen could fit into the picture over time here?
Tom Farrell: Thank for the question. I’m going to answer the very first part of it and then turn it over to Diane. The lead for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline or service territory, because the service territory for us was Virginia and North Carolina and potentially South Carolina. The need is not changed at all. The result of it is that need will go unmet as a result of the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Pipeline was over 90% subscribed for 15 years by utility companies that were going to use it to serve guests, distribution customers and convert coal plants to natural gas facilities over the years to come. That need will now go unmet. So with respect to that one project, no change. Balance of the question, I’ll turn it over to Diane.
Diane Leopold: Okay. Good morning. So with respect to the LDC capital spend and certainly we’ll give a refresh look in the Q4 call. But we really don’t see any change there. So we really have jurisdictions that are in very supportive States for our programs and they’re in high growth areas. So we have North Carolina, Utah, Ohio, West Virginia in the key jurisdictions. We have pipeline replacement programs in essentially all of those areas that are significant and our commissions recognize the long-term nature of those programs and the need to have that infrastructure replacement for safety, reliability and sustainability. So I really don’t see anything there as well as the continued growth projects to meet the increasing demand in these high growth areas. So really no change on the LDC side. With respect to hydrogen, we do see that there will be an increase in hydrogen utilization in the energy mix over the next several decades. And we’ve certainly spent a lot of time studying it. At the moment, at least our knowledge, no continental U.S. LDC is blending hydrogen into supply mix today. We committed a couple years ago to making sure our LDC system is ready to accept up to 5% hydrogen by 2030, so just in the next decade. And our initial pilot is in advanced planning stages in Utah. So high level, we think there’s going to be a lot of activity in this area. But for the most part, it’s still in that study and preparatory planning stage. But expected to be ramping up and then look forward to sharing updates.
Jeremy Tonet: That’s very helpful. Thanks. And back to the gas situation real quick. With MVP, do you think that there’s any role for that to play, I guess in meeting some of those needs or going to go unmet without ACP.
Tom Farrell: Nothing we can say.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And just one last one, if I could. With regard to the upcoming election here, just wondering if you had any preliminary thoughts on potential impacts at the federal or state level for Dominion overall.
Tom Farrell: I have no intention whatsoever of commenting on the upcoming elections in any respect. And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And this does concludes this morning’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given to the procedure to follow if you'd like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Earnings materials, including today's prepared remarks may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K, Q and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which we can calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review the earnings conference call materials, including the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; as well as other members of the executive management team. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thanks Steven and good morning. I would like to start by expressing our gratitude for the healthcare and other front-line professionals who are engaged in a heroic effort to assist those who have been most acutely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We salute their efforts with deep appreciation and express our sympathy to all those who have lost loved ones to the disease. I also want to thank our own field personnel who are performing a vital public service by literally keeping the lights on and critical energy flowing. These front-line employees are supported by thousands and thousands of others who provide equally important service to our customers. As everyone who follows Dominion knows the safety of our employees is paramount. As the pandemic began to emerge, we acted quickly to ensure that our employees were equipped to handle the impact of the virus. We've utilized our frequently drilled crisis response plans now continually supplemented by the most up-to-date health service and government recommendations. Our efforts include implementing appropriate social distancing policies and activating our remote connection infrastructure, which has enabled more than half of our workforce to operate remotely. We have followed best practices in the distribution and use of PPE. And we are extending health and paid time off benefits as well as establishing a financial assistance program for employees that provides grants up to $2,000 to employees in need. We've also donated $1 million to the American Red Cross and local nonprofits to assist directly with coronavirus relief. This is in addition to the millions of dollars we provide each year to customer assistance programs and charitable causes throughout our communities. This is the core value of One Dominion Energy in practice. While even a single case of COVID-19 is a serious concern we have been fortunate that across more than 19,000 employees in 20 states of operation, we have had very few tests positive. The majority of which are either asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic and most of whom have already returned to work. We are keeping those employees in our thoughts and we'll continue to be focused on the health and wellbeing of our entire workforce while not losing sight of our essential duty to provide reliable and affordable energy.  Our thoughts are also with our customers. We are mindful of the hardships many are enduring. That is why, for example, we voluntarily suspended non-payment service disconnections and waived late fees across all our utility service territories. We will also offer our customers tools designed to assist them overcome the financial challenges they may be facing. As our state and regional economies gradually begin to reopen, we're taking preventative steps to ensure that our workplaces are safe and that our customers receive the best possible customer service. I'll now turn the call over to Jim to review our quarterly results as well as our thoughts on COVID-related impacts.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Tom. I'll first turn to Slide 4 to report that our quarterly operating earnings per share, when adjusted for normal weather met or exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 17th consecutive quarter. Our first quarter of 2020 operating earnings were $1.09 per share, which included $0.09 hurt from significantly worse than normal weather. This was the third warmest first quarter in Virginia on record. Weather-normalized result of $1.18 per share exceeded the guidance range midpoint. Recall that weather in the first quarter of last year was a $0.06 hurt, but during the following three quarters we more than overcame that and finished the year with a total weather help of $0.02. Even without adjusting for weather, this was the 17th consecutive quarter of results within our guidance range. GAAP earnings for the quarter were negative $0.34 per share. This result is driven in part by non-cash charge related to the planned early retirement of certain coal and oil-fired generating units in Virginia, consistent with the requirements of the recently enacted Virginia Clean Economy Act. The retirement of these units has been contemplated in previous versions of our integrated resource plan and was formerly announced in late March. We also had a non-cash impact attributable to unrealized losses on our nuclear decommissioning trust funds. And as a reminder, we report such unrealized gains and losses on these funds as non-operating. A summary of adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. On Slide 5, we are initiating second quarter 2020 operating earnings guidance with a range of $0.75 to $0.85 per share. We're also affirming our annual guidance range of $4.25 to $4.60 per share. As usual, these ranges assume normal weather, variations from which could cause results to be toward the top or the bottom of these ranges. The second quarter and full year guidance ranges also reflect our preliminary expectations for the impacts of COVID on our financial results. Before I walk through each of our operating segments let me address potential questions around our expectations for the shape and pace of the economic recovery. And affirming our annual guidance today, we have assumed that the economy begins to ramp up through late summer, though as you will see momentarily, demand in Virginia thus far is positive relative to recent years despite the pandemic. Of course, variations in the duration and the severity of the economic recovery may ultimately impact our financial results more or less than our current forecast. The future is difficult to predict, which is why we are reiterating the demand-related earnings sensitivities for our two electric utilities. We hope this is useful for our analysts and investors to sensitize their models to reflect their own perspectives on the shape of the economic recovery. In any case just as we have since early March, we plan to provide periodic public updates on the various aspects of the crisis impact on our business, including updates on load as we make our way through the economic reopening process, which will occur gradually, which began yesterday in South Carolina and is expected to begin in Virginia in 10 days. Now I'll address our businesses, starting with our largest segment Dominion Energy Virginia. On Slide 6, we present updated load related data. This graph represents daily weather-normalized load in the PJM DOM Zone as compared to a two-year historic weather-normalized average. As you can see, the impact of COVID on zonal demand has not changed materially since our prior disclosures and Virginia load is continuing to prove extremely resilient. We attribute this to four factors, illustrated on Slide 7, first, residential usage, which typically accounts for around 45% of segment revenue. Last month, we saw year-over-year weather-normal residential load increased by about 3%. As you can see, residential customers contribute more to revenue per unit of usage than our larger volume classes. Second, the proliferation of data centers in our service territory. Despite a statewide stay at home order, April weather-normalized commercial load decreased by only 3%, as a result of COVID, mostly due to the stabilizing effect of data center demand growth. Third, limited industrial exposure, while we saw industrial demand decrease by around 3% in April only 6% of DEV’s revenue is attributable to industrial usage. And finally, government, military and other demand which accounts for 16% of revenue and which was up almost 4% year-over-year last month. Let me also point out a few aspects of our regulatory framework, which are important to consider as they relate to the financial impact of the COVID crisis. Around 40% of DEV’s rate base is in rider form that allows for an annual true-up for changes in sales volumes. In addition, fuel pass-through related revenue is also adjusted annually to account for among other factors over or under recovery due to usage. While not observable in the load data we have shared, these two mitigants taken together account for half of DEV’s operating revenue and represent effective decoupling from changes in load. We continue to monitor the situation closely. Based on observable data, we are not at present forecasting major COVID-driven revenue impacts associated with reduced load at Dominion Energy Virginia during the remainder of 2020. Of course, the situation is dynamic and so we are reiterating for your reference, a previously published rules of thumb for load variations by class. Accounting for nearly 45% of our operating earnings, DEV represents our largest state regulated utility exposure to COVID-related demand fluctuations by far. Let me now turn to Slide 8 to walk through the same data for Dominion Energy South Carolina's electric operations. From the time the executive order took effect on March 31, we've seen a noticeable decline in weather-normal demand as compared to the two-year historic average. Specifically, April's electric demand was off almost 10% on a relative basis. While we expect increases in residential demand, our South Carolina operations when compared to Virginia do not benefit from the same data center load stability and as demonstrated on Slide 9 are more exposed to industrial load. 10 of DESC’s top 30 industrial manufacturing customers have temporarily idled at least some production. However, all the two of those 10 have communicated plans to restart production in the coming weeks. In Virginia, there are some structural mitigants to the load impact. Like in Virginia, there are some structural mitigants to the load impact on revenue in South Carolina. First, around 25% of DESC’s total rate base is in rider form with monthly true-ups. Almost another 10% of rate base is attributable to South Carolina gas distribution operations that operate under regulation that shows up annually. Finally, fuel pass-through related revenue for both electric and gas operations are adjusted annually to account for among other factors over or under recovery due to usage. While not observable in the load data we've shared, these three mitigants taken together account for nearly 50% of DESC’s operating revenues and represents effective decoupling from changes in load. Further, the impact of COVID on our South Carolina financial performance stands to be relatively less impactful financially, given Dominion Energy South Carolina's overall earnings contribution is approximately 10% of Dominion’s forecasted operating earnings. The future is difficult to predict, but we currently expect that load trends will gradually rebound through the late summer. However, the situation is dynamic and therefore we are also reiterating our rules of thumb for variations in load class – in load by class for DESC’s electric operations. Please note that these sensitivities assume a full year 1% change in load. April alone represents only a small percentage of annualized load, given first, it's typically the lowest sales level of any month. And of course, it's only one of 12 months of the year. I'll also note here that we voluntarily requested a 60-day delay to our upcoming South Carolina electric base rate proceeding. For the merger agreement, this was originally expected to commence later this quarter and conclude with new rates effective January 2021. We feel strongly that this is the prudent approach to take. Let me turn to Slide 10, now to address our remaining segments, which I'll be able to cover more quickly. First, Gas Distribution, which accounts for around 15% of operating earnings, over 80% of segment operating margin is protected through decoupling or fixed charges including riders and gas pass-through mechanisms. These constructive rate structures significantly reduced the impact we expect to see from COVID-related demand fluctuations. I should also point out that we are entering a multi-month period of off-peak and shoulder demand seasons for gas distribution. Next Gas Transmission & Storage, which accounts for nearly a quarter of operating earnings. A few points here, first, the typical contract structure is long-term and take-or-pay with reservation or capacity charges which are largely independent of utilization. Average remaining contract life is six to seven years for existing pipelines in storage and much longer for Cove Point liquefaction and ACP. Second, this is a demand pull dominated segment. As we shared at Investor Day, approximately 80% of the revenue is attributable to segment assets are derived from demand-driven counterparties such as utilities. Third, counterparty credit quality is high, given the regulated utility SKU of the customer base. Where shippers did not meet our stringent internal credit standards, we typically require higher than industry average protections including collateral in the form of cash or letter of credit that often covers multiple years of exposure. And finally, Cove Point liquefaction contracts are take-or-pay and allow the shippers to deliver cargoes anywhere in the world, not prohibited by U.S. policy. So customers are obligated to pay regardless of usage, I would note that through today customers continue to nominate volumes that are at the plants design capacity. And finally, contracted generation operates primarily under long-term PPA or hedge arrangements, which are unlikely to be materially impacted by the effects of COVID. Taking a step back now, we are also watching payment arrears data carefully across all of our segments. To-date, we've seen modest increases which are consistent with our expectations. That said, we will work carefully with our customers over the coming months to provide options and tools to maintain service and assist them in returning accounts to current. We do not expect bad debt expense in excess of budgeted amounts to be a material driver for the year, though not directly comparable. During the financial crisis, we thought annual bad debt expense at DEV for instance increased by around just $20 million. At our electric business, like most of our peers, bad debt is addressed during periodic base rate case proceedings. At nearly all of our gas utilities, we have full or partial ability to recover bad debt expense under real-time rate mechanisms such as dedicated trackers or fuel pass-through adjustment clauses. While the impact of COVID on our financial results during the first quarter was muted, we are not assuming that that will continue indefinitely. That is why we are redoubling our efforts to identify opportunities to reduce costs generally across our businesses as we look to be prepared to achieve our affirmed annual guidance range. While I'm not in a position today to quantify a total amount, a few straightforward examples would include reductions in business travel, office supply and operational fuel expenses, as well as the impact of implementing a hiring freeze. We will continue to monitor these and other O&M reduction options. Turning now to liquidity. As shown in Slide 11, as volatility and capital markets increased significantly in March, we moved quickly and opportunistically to enhance our liquidity position out of an abundance of caution. Over a period of around 15 days, we added nearly $5 billion of available or funded debt capital. On Slide 12, we updated our annual financing plan for our year-to-date issuance. I'll note for the avoidance of doubt that as of today there is no change to our long-term debt financing amounts, our external equity need of $300 million under our DRIP program or our CapEx guidance for the year. We have and we'll continue to look at the potential to defer small amounts of capital investment where safety and reliability will not be compromised but any such deferral would be relatively small and short lived. We have not observed any major disruptions to any of our key supply chains. And finally, a few comments regarding our pension on Slide 13. We entered the year with a 92% funded status up meaningfully from the previous year. While it's way too early to tell where we will land at year-end 2020 when we remeasure assets and liabilities, a few factors to consider. First, discount rates which are based on long-term all-in corporate bond yields are around the same level as observed at the end of last year despite lower treasury rates. And second, at the end of January this year, we decided to hedge the equity exposure in our plan assets using the futures market. As public equities fell in March, we took advantage to monetize most of our hedge position at 25% and 30% in the money levels. We are beginning to reinvest those cash proceeds back into equity exposure. As a result through April, plan assets are close to flat for the year, which compares favorably to the significant declines that may be expected for typical pension portfolios. I'll reiterate, there's a long way to go before the next expected remeasurement date of December 31 but regardless of where we ended up for the year on funded status, we do not expect to need any pension plan contributions this year or next. Turning now to Slide 14 and in summary, we reported our 17th consecutive quarter of weather-normal results at or above the midpoint of guidance. And our 17th consecutive quarter results within our guidance range. We feel that our businesses are well positioned with regard to COVID-related demand impacts but we are monitoring the situation carefully. We affirmed our annual operating EPS range of $4.25 to $4.60 per share. And we're also affirming our post-2020 guidance of five plus percent annual operating EPS growth as well as our dividend per share growth of 2.5% per annum subject as is customary to board approval. I'll now turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thanks Jim. Amidst the turmoil of the global pandemic, our employees have been singularly focused on maintaining reliable and safe operations for the individuals and families, businesses, industries, and government agencies that we are fortunate to count as customers. We are in the public service business and our work directly impacts the lives of our customers and communities. Let me share three specific examples that occurred over just the last six weeks on opposite sides of the country and shown on Slide 15. On the morning of March 18th the Salt Lake City Valley experienced largest earthquake to occur in that region in 30 years. The 5.7 magnitude event generated nearly 1,800 service calls and 1,400 gas distribution work orders, which were both over 20 times normal. Our crews went to work immediately to address any potential safety issues to ensure reliable service to homes and businesses in the middle of the winter season. As a testament to the quality of our infrastructure and as a result of the significant investments in integrity and pipeline replacement programs authorized by our regulators, we have found zero material gas leaks across our system, as a result of the earthquake. Less than four weeks later on April, 13, 21 tornadoes touched down in South Carolina, four of which were classified as EF3 strength with winds up to 165 miles per hour, and one of which was classified as an E4 tornado with winds up to 200 miles per hour. It was the most prolific day of tornado activity in South Carolina in the last 35 years. Within 24 hours, our crews had restored 96% of the 117,000 of our customers that lost service during the storm. During the next two days, our people worked very long hours in devastated areas to finish restoring service, and along the way, helping those communities find a measure of normalcy. In the aftermath of the storm, the South Carolina office of regulatory staff issued a press release commending the dedication and effort of the State's electrical personnel, men and women who worked tirelessly to ensure power systems were restored, even in the midst of a global pandemic. That same day, 300 miles northeast, heavy rains and winds gusting to 70 miles per hour across Virginia and North Carolina, interrupted service to nearly 200,000 of our customers, within 24 hours 95% of customers have been restored by our crews with the final 5% reconnected over the following 12 hours. I'm proud, but not surprised at the way in which our Dominion Energy team members have responded on behalf of our customers throughout this trying time. Turning to Safety, which is our first core value. Our first quarter safety results ranked us number one, among our southeastern peer group and puts us on track for another year of record performance. Through the end of March, our OSHA recordable rate is approximately one half that of the first quarter of last year. Also two weeks ago, seven of our gas infrastructure operating companies received awards from the AGA for superior safety performance. The remainder of my prepared remarks, I will address the results of the Virginia General Assembly session and the status of the Atlantic coast pipeline. Virginia legislative session formally concluded last month, on April 11, Governor Northam signed into law the Virginia Clean Economy Act or BCA, which compliments the existing Grid Transformation and Security Act adopted in 2018. That law established a comprehensive framework for utility regulation and investment in Virginia. As shown on Slide 16, the VCEA sets our company on a path of achieving the most significant legislatively mandated clean energy investment program in the United States. As a result, Virginia is poised to become a nationwide leader in zero carbon deployment over the next three decades. This mandate will create 1,000 of jobs, support localities, bolster the Virginia economy, attract businesses and families, improve the environment and serve as an example for other states seeking to achieve similarly ambitious sustainable energy goals. The plan also supports our enterprise-wide net zero methane and carbon emissions targets by 2050. The VCEA calls for and finds in the public interest the development of renewable generation and energy resources, storage resources as follows; 5,200 megawatts of offshore heat wind, 100% of which may be utility owned, 16,100 megawatts of solar or onshore wind, 65% of which may be utility owned, in 2,700 megawatts of energy storage, 65% of which maybe utility owned. These targets are to be met over the next 15 years with additional goals by 2045. In addition to establishing a public interest determination for these programs, the law outlines specific regulatory approval criteria and affirms rider eligibility for each of those programs. I'll discuss them in turn. Regarding our previously announced 2,600 megawatt Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project, the commission is required to presume costs are reasonable and prudent if the project meets three key tests as shown on Slide 17. First, competitive procurement and solicitation standards for components are met. We have met the standard on our Virginia projects for many years. We have always sought to drive down costs while also balancing performance and reliability to optimize value for our customers. Second, the projected levelized cost of energy or LCOE is reasonable relative to a specific EIA benchmark. Our early estimates for project LCOE are of $80 to $90 per megawatt hour compared very favorably to this benchmark. This range does not include the benefit of any available federal tax incentives which are working to preserve for the benefit of customers. And third, the projects construction commences prior to 2024 or has a plan to enter service by 2028. Our project satisfies both milestones. We're pleased with the progress today on both our pilot and full-scale deployments. Despite the pandemic, the primary pilot project components have arrived from Europe as shown on the cover slide. And we expect installation to begin this quarter with commercial in-service by year end. We have also initiated the sub-sea survey work that will support the submission of our full scale offshore, construction and operation plan to bomb by the end of the year. We have joined in this work with the Virginia fishing industry. We continue to work with equipment manufacturers and service providers to encourage making Virginia the hub for the U.S. offshore wind industry. And we are leading a consortium of industry experts and participants in the development of a fully Jones Act compliant installation vessel, that will be equipped to handle all current turbine technologies as well as the next generation turbine sizes of 12 megawatts and larger. These mega turbines result in fewer foundations and reduce construction and maintenance costs, thereby lowering the levelized cost of energy. The vessel which will be funded by consortium participants, including Dominion Energy, will enter service in 2023 and operate continuously for several years under contracts with multiple major U.S. offshore wind developers. Based on our current estimates for fully installed costs, which we expect will reduce over time. Offshore wind as directed by the VCEA represents between $8 billion and $17 billion of capital investment over the next 15 years. This range is consistent at the low end with our previously announced cost estimate for our 2,600 megawatt project. The high end represents any incremental opportunity associated with the law’s direction to put an additional 2,600 megawatts into service by 2035. Accordingly, we are updating our five year growth capital estimate for this program by one year. The new outlook now totals $3.5 billion and reflects the ramp up on our full scale deployment in 2024. Our previously plan included only $1.1 billion. We planned to make an initial rider filing in 2022. Next, Solar and onshore wind is shown on Slide 18. Given Virginia's relatively onshore wind resource, we expect that the vast majority of the laws mandate in this area will be met through a very significant expansion of the state's solar capacity. As I mentioned previously, the law calls for over 16,000 megawatts by 2036, 10,000 of which can be utility owned. In other words, Dominion will install on average nearly 700 megawatts of solar every year for each of the next 15 years. Today, we have achieved more than 70% of our previous commitment of at least 3,000 megabytes by 2022. In the first quarter, we got our third solar rider application approved by the Virginia commission. Meeting the ambitious targets set by the VCEA we’ll require a redoubling of effort in this area and we have already begun to significantly increase our activity. In granting approval for solar and onshore wind, as well as energy storage, the law directs the commission to give due consideration to quote the promotion of new renewable generation and associated economic development, projected fuel savings and the RPS standards of the law. Assuming 65% utility ownership is provided in the law, solar generation represents approximately $19 billion of capital investment over the next 15 years. Our role for five year growth capital forecast now totals $5.5 billion as we seek to accelerate investments to meet the laws milestones. Our prior estimate was $3.7 billion. Next, energy storage, which includes our existing efforts to develop a pumped storage facility in southwestern Virginia. The commission recently approved four battery technology pilot projects totaling around $30 million and about 16 megawatts. In order to achieve the 2,700 megawatt target established by the law, we will be focused on a very aggressive effort in years to come. Assuming 65% utility ownership is provided in the law, energy storage represents approximately $7 billion of capital investment over the next 15 years. Our existing five year growth capital plan, which were arising only modestly as we roll forward by one year already included around $1 billion related to pumped storage. On Slide 20, we show the impact of updating our five year growth capital estimates for just these three programs, which shows a $4 billion and over 70% increase. We're not updating existing five year CapEx figures for other programs or segments today, but we do not expect any material changes from our most recent guidance. We will look for an opportunity in the future to provide a comprehensive update across all segments. Looking longer-term on Slide 21, these three legislative priorities of wind, solar and energy storage taken together represent based on current cost estimates, somewhere between $34 billion and $43 billion of growth capital over the next 15 years, subject to regulatory approval. This is additive to the existing rider eligible investments we will make this decade or electric transmission, nuclear relicensing, strategic undergrounding, grid modernization and renewable enabling quickstart generation. Together these projects represent nearly $16 billion of growth capital, also subject to regulatory approval. To give these figures some context, Dominion Energy Virginia’s 2019 year-end rate base was around $24 billion. Turning to Slide 22, As reported in our recent integrated resource plan, we expect typical residential customer bills from 2019 through 2030 including authorized pass-throughs related to Virginia joining the regional greenhouse gas initiative to keep pace with average historic inflation. We expect fuel savings from increased dispatch of renewable generation to be a key customer benefit. Of course, we always work to maintain competitive and affordable rates and we have a track record of success as demonstrated by our current rates which are below the state, regional and national averages. I would also note that our current typical customer bill is almost 40% lower than the average of Reggie participating states. We expect that our future rates will stay lower by a very wide margin compared to those states. Further, the VCEA expands on existing programs that are designed through direct funds to assist lower income customers. The proliferation of renewable but intermittent resources across our system will also require the continuation of our extensive investment in transmission infrastructure, as solar generation sites emerge throughout the state. It will also require an increasingly modern grid, which is why the recent commission decision to reject certain, although certainly not all aspects of our most recent grid transformation filing was disappointing for our company, and particularly for our customers. We will continue to see comprehensive deployment of smart meters and other enhancements across our system, which will greatly improve the way we interact with customers, as well as our ability to manage our increasingly two way energy delivery system. VCEA and associated legislation will dramatically change our generation fuel mix over the years to come. What will not change is our obligation to customers to provide 24/7 energy with the least possible disruption. That is a message that has been clearly reinforced during the COVID pandemic. Technological, operational, and economic constraints around the multi-day baseload dischargeability of existing battery technology, combined with the fact that sometimes in Virginia at least the wind does not blow and the Sun does not shine for extended durations, meaning days, not hours, ensures that natural gas-fired generation will continue to play a critical low emission role in our system for years and years to come. That's why our policymakers wisely included language in the VCEA in multiple places that provides express consent to consider system reliability and energy security holistically, before ruling out any low emitting fuel, such as natural gas. This aligns with our unwavering commitment to be net zero by 2050. What is clear, however, is that less efficient and higher emitting sources of electric generation such as coal and oil will phase out of our system. To that end, we have taken steps since early 2019, including during this first quarter to retire more than 3,300 megawatts of mostly coal and oil fired power stations. Given recent changes in law, the commission is no longer mandated by statute to approve period expense treatment for these retirements. Period expensing is the best choice for customers and dictated by many years of existing commission precedent. During the triennial review under the framework established by the GTSA, if the commission determines that we have excess earnings, either because they determined to overrule existing precedent and amortize plant retirement charges over a longer period of time or because our financial performance otherwise warrants such determination, we will offset those excess earnings using dollar-for-dollar customer credit reinvestment offsets or CCROs, including our $300 million offshore wind pilot project investment. Only if we are unable to fully offset excess earnings with CCROs, would the commission be authorized to order a one-time customer refund and reduce rates by no more than $50 million through the following triennial review, which will conclude in late 2024. Now to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header. On Slide 23, we summarize the status of select project permits. First, the Appalachian Trail crossing. On February 24, the Supreme court heard oral arguments on the case. We expect the court to rule on ACP’s favor in the coming weeks. Such a ruling would restore the authorization of the project to proceed along the existing route. Despite the pandemic, the court continues to meet telephonically and release orders on cases heard earlier in the term. Next, the biological opinion. Progress continues, despite COVID as we provide information that is responsive to request from both FERC and the Fish and Wildlife Service. We expect the authorization to be reissued by the end of this quarter, that period would mark nearly a 12 – a full 12 months since the court invalidated the prior version in July, 2019. Demonstrating the rigor with which the permitting agencies are approaching resolution of the concerns identified by the court. In the case of the air permit for Buckingham Compressor Station, we've already begun to submit additional data and analysis to the Virginia department of environmental quality, which we believe provides ample justification for the original air board decision to approve the strictest minor source air permit in the nation and addresses all the concerns voiced by the court. We expect the permit to be re-issued by year end. Finally, with regard to the nationwide permit 12, which is issued for the project by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, we had expected the permits to be re-issued shortly after the issuance of the biological opinion, as the core in recent months has taken steps that address the four circuits concerns. The recent decision related to the Keystone pipeline by the district court in Montana has potential implications for nearly all critical infrastructure investment and associated employment across the country. This includes the provision of drinking water, electricity and fuel, internet, radio, television, telephone and other communications and stands to impact service to the public governments, defense installations, hospitals, schools and other businesses and industry. Since the nationwide permit 12 program was renewed in March of 2017, it has been used more than 38,000 times and the core estimates that it has over 5,000 additional notifications awaiting action. The department of justice has sought and been granted expedited consideration for their motion for partial state pending appeal with all replies due by this Friday. We expect a focused effort across the industry, commerce and labor groups, as well as the department of justice to clarify and resolve the issue in a timely manner. With regard to ACP, we believe it is too early to tell what if any impact this ruling will have on the existing and timing and cost of the projects which are otherwise affirming today. So many issue has revolved in a timely manner, we can maintain the existing schedule and cost estimates so long as we can take advantage of the November, 2020 through March, 2021 tree felling season. We will continue to monitor and provide communication to investors as appropriate. Based on these expectations, we remain confident in the successful completion of the project and note that there are no changes to the financial contribution estimates for 2020 and beyond that Jim provided on our fourth quarter earnings call. Customers need this infrastructure now more than ever to ensure the reliability of energy supply. Accordingly, we have recently finalized negotiations with major customers that provide a fair rate of return for the project owners and appropriately balanced project costs among the parties. Further, we remain confident in Virginia regulatory approval, the prudency of capacity contracts as part of Dominion Energy’s fuel filing cases as the project nears operation. Legislation that passed during the recent Virginia General Assembly session established a fuel case review criteria that recognize the importance of energy reliability and largely mirrors the standard for prudency already employed by the commission. With that, I will summarize today's call as follows, our safety performance is on track to set a new company record for the lowest OSHA recordable rate. We achieved whether normalized operating earnings that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 17th consecutive quarter. We affirmed our 2020 earnings guidance. We confirmed our EPS growth expectations apply plus percent post 2020. We're excited about the opportunities under recently enacted legislation in Virginia to increase the sustainability of our generation fleet, which will also be supportive of our corporate-wide net zero carbon and methane emissions by 2050 commitment. And we are making significant progress across all of our capital investment programs to the benefit of our customers. We will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Jim Chapman: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So good details on your CapEx projections with solar onshore wind, offshore wind post the passage of the legislation. And obviously you guys increased your capital budget for clean energy investments through your planning period. Is there anything you could point to structurally that could hinder you pulling additional spend forward as your total investment opportunity set is materially higher, i.e., bill headroom permitting. Obviously, offshore wind may have some hindrances, but how do we sort of think about further onshore or solar spend being pulled forward? So trying to get a little bit of a sense on any potential upside to the near-term plan and your current plus 5% growth trajectory, which is proving somewhat manageable?
Jim Chapman: Hey, Shar, good morning. It's Jim. Thanks for that. Yes, so what we've done here is we have not obviously done a Full Monty roll forward of all of our capital spending and addressed more holistically our long-term growth rate, et cetera. All we've done today is we've addressed an update, a roll forward for a new five year period just for three programs just within one segment. So we of course do the more holistic view less frequently, we did it in 2016, we did it in 2019, so that's not for today. So we'll find a time in the future where we will do a full walkthrough and be able to provide a little more color on other moving parts other than just these three updates on the specific spending programs within DEV.
Shar Pourreza: Good, got it. So I’m like – so I guess the takeaway, and correct me if I'm wrong, if the plan is becoming much more sustainable, much more – you'll be able to fine tune that 5%-plus growth rate in time.
Jim Chapman: Yes. Keeping in mind, when we set the 5% plus growth rate, when we announced that last March, we had in our minds that this kind of spending program is going to continue or maybe increase in Virginia and elsewhere. But that's right. We'll come back and address something more holistically when we're not kind of in the midst of a global pandemic. We didn't think this is the right time.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Agreed there, by the way. So just a real quick last question on ACP. You kind of stated timely resolution to the Nationwide 12 Permit, right? Is there any more color you can provide on this? I mean, when would you start to reevaluate the timing of the resolution was pushed to a later part of the year. And then, Tom, can you just maybe elaborate a little bit more on your latest contract negotiations with customers. What's been sort of the debate? Is it – or what's been sort of the push pull? Or is it more of a focus on COVID, and that's been a bit of a slowdown. So just maybe a little bit more elaboration on the negotiations, and I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Tom Farrell: Thanks, Shar. I’ll talk – I’ll answer the first part of your first question. Diane will answer your second question. So the key dates for us is, as we said, is the tree cutting season, which runs through the end of – through March of next year. We need 10 weeks or so of tree cutting period, 10, 12 weeks to complete what we need to – you need to keep in mind, we already have 250 miles of trees cut on this 600 mile pipeline, and not every single mile has trees on it. Actually 100s of miles do not. So that's the real key for us is getting into that tree cutting season. So we'll see what happens. A lot of people were quite surprised by the judge's decision. And there's a lot of – I think you should expect to see a lot of a mickey briefs being filed pointing out – I mean, what he talked about was all forms of utility infrastructure, not just an oil pipeline in Montana, it was every single utility infrastructure program in the country. So it seems like maybe a strong action by the judge, maybe not completely justified by the case put forward. So we'll have to just have to see how that goes. Of course, you can go to the 9th circuit after that, things – but we'll judge that as it goes along. On the second part of your question, I'll turn it over to Diane Leopold.
Diane Leopold: Okay. Good morning, and I believe your question was related to the customer negotiations. And if I'm not answering, let me know. But the customer negotiations are complete. They have been finalized throughout the quarter. So the rate and all the other terms and conditions have been complete to ensure that there is a fair rate of return for the project, and it balances customer needs and customer costs.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Any change in the return assumptions that's material to disclose?
Diane Leopold: No.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. Thanks guys. Congrats, it’s a very resilient plan. Congrats.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Jim Chapman: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Moving on to our next question. This comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks, good morning and hope all of you are doing well. Jim, I’m looking forward to the Full Monty roll forward.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: But just maybe to fill that picture in a little bit. The – any color on kind of financing need changes with a higher capital plan? Maybe that would come with the roll forward, but how should we think about that?
Jim Chapman: Yes. I think that’s fair. That will come with the roll forward, but we're outlining here spending plans that are large, but over a 15 year time period. So when it comes to financing, we're going to continue our process of giving that one year and sometimes multiple years in advance. There's no change in the near term. Certainly no change this year, but we'll revisit what the financing mix will be kind of across the board as we do a more holistic update. I would note, though, for the avoidance of doubt that for these programs, we've talked about under the VCEA, all the financing will be at DEV, so a VEPCO legal entity. So we're not considering project financings or other things like that. It will be a mix of regular way of financing at VEPCO. But more to come when we provide more holistic updates.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then, maybe kind of a, bit of a specific, but also a high-level question for Tom. So just the whole picture of Virginia with this plan, obviously seems to be very very green, clean, sustainable focused program. So maybe you could just give a little color on kind of the whole – what the state is trying to do with this? And kind of the view of you in the context of the state? And then specifically, this part of the plan, the new plan on the Jones Act vessel, just any color on how that would work and fit into – maybe fit into kind of this whole Virginia plan?
Tom Farrell: Sure, Steve. So the – just to refresh everybody on the state of Virginia politics, for the first time, and I think it's 30 years in this session of the general assembly, we had elections last year. We're always off [here] [ph] for our state legislature, both in the Senate and the house of delegates. And for the first time, it's in either 20 or 30 years, I don’t remember which – how many decades. You had democratic party in charge of both houses plus the executive branch. And there was a lot of interest among the new members of the House and Senate to advance a number of policies on many fronts, not just in energy. There was all sorts of legislation around gun rights, for example, and a variety of other things, minimum wage, et cetera. And there had been an effort – we had worked for years with a number of groups to – on solar in particular, and how to make sure that, that came into Virginia in an efficient, cost-effective way. And we worked with a wide variety of the policymakers to ensure that these goals are achievable and still affordable for our customers. And you can see from our IRP that was filed last week, that we expect, even with this spending plan, our plan B under the IRP is the most likely plan, at least we think it is, the most likely plan. Others will weigh in, of course. We'll run at a little bit – right around traditional inflated rates of inflation. And we've joined RGGI and our rates, well, when you now compare our rates to the RGGI sates, we're 40% lower than the average RGGI state, we're half of the highest RGGI state. And so there's a lot of room in there for us to stay extremely competitive. So Steve, I think overall, from a big picture view. It was part of an overall effort across many different parts of policymaking to have a more progressive outlook as those policymakers would call it, a more progressive outlook on a variety of factors. Your second question had to do with vessel, which I'll turn it over to Bob Blue.
Bob Blue: Hey, good morning, Steve. I would put the vessel in the context, not just of Virginia, which Tom did a nice job of describing, but in the entire East Coast. If you look from New England all the way down to Virginia, there are a host of offshore wind projects in various stages of development. All of those projects are looking for a Jones Act solution for installation, ours among them. So we're excited to be a leader in a consortium of potential infrastructure investors, other participants in the industry on a vessel that will allow the installation of larger turbines compliant with the Jones Act. So we think that project fits very nicely into the context of what we're seeing in terms of offshore wind development off the East Coast.
Steve Fleishman: And just would that be in Virginia?
Jim Chapman: Sorry. Sorry about that. Just when it comes to the profile of that vessel, just to clarify, that will be fully contracted long-term profile. And we don't have a number for our planned percentage ownership. We will be an owner through our contracted generation segment. But we expect infrastructure style returns from that. Business profile and therefore, expect interest from infrastructure investors and other industry participants to co-fund that project. Thank you.
Steve Fleishman: Interesting. Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Jim Chapman: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. Sorry about that. The Jones Act vessel, is that going to be part – is the cost of that, the investment, is that part of the cost of the offshore wind going forward? Is that included in the CapEx profile for that?
Jim Chapman: No. Michael, good question. It's not. The amount, which is to be determined, will be invested. Our stake will be invested through our contracted generation segment, not in DEV and not part of the capital spend we outlined for offshore wind.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And what is the timing of – it looks like about another 2.6 gigawatts of offshore wind that you're planning on over the next 15 years, what's the timing of the second 2.6 gigawatts, is that clearly after the first 2.6?
Bob Blue: Yes. Absolutely, still to be determined where that might be. If you look at our IRP, we show that coming in 2034. But it will be after our initial project, which Tom described, that we would expect to be in service into 2026.
Michael Weinstein: And I apologize if you mentioned this before, but also the timing of investments in storage, battery storage. Is that – how has that pays out going forward? Are you waiting for any specific technological improvements before you begin to put significant capital into that?
Bob Blue: Yes. It's Bob again. No, I wouldn't say we're waiting for specific technological improvements. As you know, we have a mandate in the statute by 2035, we would expect to pay storage out during that period. It will take us a few years before we start layering it in. But again, if you look at the IRP, this is obviously generic storage. We don't have specific projects scoped out at this point, but we start layering it in around 2026 is when you would see that start to go into service based on the models we're describing here.
Michael Weinstein: And one last question about data centers. Data center load is up. Is that – that's on current data centers actually running at – they're just running at higher capacities. I guess it's probably from work at home that you're – sort of your…
Bob Blue: Yes. Again, it's Bob. The answer to that is yes. So they're ramping. There's a ramp rate with data centers. We would usually see them start to hit a peak later in the year, but they're peaking earlier this year. I don't know. You could surmise, it's related to what's going on with the pandemic and more broadly, but we just know it's happening.
Michael Weinstein: Are you aware of any plans to expand and build more data centers as a result, like maybe more than would have been built prior to the crisis?
Bob Blue: Yes. We've had strong data center growth in our service territory for some time and expected strong data center growth for some time to come. And we have seen no slowdown in that at all. Would expect very strong data center growth going forward.
Michael Weinstein: All right, thank you very much.
Bob Blue: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jim Chapman: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Sorry if I missed this, but just Virginia, obviously looking pretty strong here at South Carolina, what are you assuming in the 2020 guide as decline trends for the rest of the year?
Tom Farrell: I didn't hear the last part of the question.
Jim Chapman: Yes. Durgesh, we couldn't hear quite the last part of your question.
Tom Farrell: What was the assumption of what for 2020?
Durgesh Chopra: The South Carolina demand decline trends in your 2020 guidance.
Jim Chapman: Got it. Durgesh, sorry. We were having some technical difficulties. I got you. So what are our assumptions there? So yes, a couple of things. We're obviously, in Virginia, not a material impact yet, but we are seeing now these steps get underway, economic reopening in Virginia and South Carolina. South Carolina, kind of announced yesterday, so modest steps underway. But we are not expecting like an immediate snapback. That's not the assumption that backs our guidance. We're expecting that, that will slowly recover through late summer. So when it comes to our guidance, we've obviously reaffirmed the annual guidance and long-term. But there are a couple of gives and takes there. So one is weather, not to your question, but we had $0.09 of weather hurt. So the rest of the year, like last year, we expect to make up some of the ground we lost in the first quarter home weather. Virginia, as you mentioned, no impact, and we'd expect the same and then in South Carolina, we expect that the loads bottomed out, and then we're going to – again, going to see that gradual recovery through late summer.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you so much. And just a quick follow-up on financing costs. So just can you quantify for us or just versus plan? What – you've done a ton of financing here. So what's the impact versus on financing costs versus the plan you had in place at the beginning of the year?
Jim Chapman: Yes, Durgesh, good question because our financing plan, while intact on a full year basis, is a little bit modified because we accelerated a number of our financings into that March time period I talked about in my prepared remarks. So this financing cost for the year is something we're watching pretty closely. And I don't have a specific number for you, but a little bit of color. Obviously, we raised $5 billion earlier than we otherwise would have some of that short-term debt. But some of that just replaces what already would have been in our plan commercial paper. And as one example, one of those short-term financings, one year financings that come to mind that we did in that period was at LIBOR plus 50 with no fees. So kind of not too far off where CP would have been anyway. So not a big driver. And now as you look forward from here, the markets have recovered in dramatic fashion, as you know, the fixed income market. And the issuance rates from here on out for the next three quarters the way it looks right now is they're even lower all-in than they were in January. So we had a little bit of pressure from doing things earlier within our plan than we would have expected otherwise. But now we expect probably to make some of that up as rates have – all-in rates have decreased.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it, thanks so much, guys. And the detailed disclosure by segment on COVID is super helpful. Congratulations on a solid print and appreciate all the disclosure.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Durgesh.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to follow-up on ACP. A bit more here on ACP. Thanks for all the color that you provided so far. Just want to clarify, I guess, do you need Nationwide 12 Permit for FERC approval to restart construction here? And are there any other potential hurdles for FERC here that you see?
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold. So obviously, we need to have our major permits in place for the majority of linear construction but again, as Tom said before, the key thing that we're really watching with respect to our forecast is a productive tree felling season between November and March. So while there is in the Nationwide 12, you do not need to have that for hand felling of trees. It is not a regulated activity under the Army Corps Nationwide 12 Permit. So subject to FERC approval, we may be able to begin hand felling trees through the season. We would look to have that for full ramping up of linear construction.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. Thanks for that. And then just sticking with ACP here, what factors could impact project cost and timing between now and the tree felling window? Or just do you have a line of sight at current estimates as long as permits are in place prior to November?
Diane Leopold: Yes. The range of forecast that we have given that has not changed since the last quarter, has a wide range of scenarios that is not materially impacted again so long as we have a productive tree felling season this winter.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, great. I’ll leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
James Thalacker: Thank you for the time. Can you guys hear me?
Jim Chapman: Yes, good morning.
Tom Farrell: Yes, good morning.
James Thalacker: Just maybe just to pivot a little bit to the other regulated businesses. I know that you guys had delayed the rate filing for Dominion Energy in South Carolina. But I was as you kind of pushed that off into the fall and kind of given what's been going on, I guess, with demand trends, do you guys see an opportunity maybe to propose something a little bit more formulaic down there or maybe try and see if you could do a rate plan that includes decoupling as part of that proposal?
Tom Farrell: I don't – we're still, of course, in the process of developing the plan. But right now, the schedule would call for us to file notice on July 15 and file the case actually in August. We expect that to happen at this point, barring some other developments. But we're still developing that rate case, and we'll see how it comes together and when we file the notice.
James Thalacker: Great, thanks for the time, guys.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steven Ridge, Vice President-Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Ridge: Good morning and welcome. Earnings materials including today's prepared remarks may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP, reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we are able to calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to review the earnings conference call materials, including the earnings release kit. The Investor Relations team will be available after today's call to answer any questions. Joining today's call are; Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; as well as other members of the executive management team. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Steven and good morning. Let me start by saying that we have a lot of ground to cover on today's call, which reflects the exciting progress we are making on our investment program, our financial targets and on our ESG efforts including the introduction of an enterprise-wide net zero emissions initiative. Over the last several years, Dominion Energy has transitioned into a larger, more regulated and more predictable company and this is reflected in our ability to extend our track record of delivering financial performance consistent with our guidance. I'm pleased to report on slide 3 that the fourth quarter of 2019 was the 16th consecutive quarter of achieving operating earnings per share that adjusted for normal weather met or exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range. Quarterly operating earnings were $1.18 per share, which includes a benefit from better-than-normal weather of less than $0.01. Even without adjusting for weather this was still the 16th consecutive quarter of results that align with our guidance range. 2019 full year operating earnings of $4.24 also exceeded the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $4.15 to $4.30 per share. When adjusted for about $0.02 of help relative to normal weather, these operating earnings for the year met the midpoint of our annual guidance range and represent a 5.5% increase over 2018 weather-normalized operating EPS. GAAP earnings for the quarter and for the year were $1.32 and $1.73 per share, respectively. Recall that full year reported results were materially impacted during the first two quarters of the year by charges associated with the SCANA merger, including a substantial customer refund as approved by the South Carolina Public Service Commission. Adjusted for these merger and integration-related costs, our trailing 3-year aggregate GAAP earnings are actually higher than our total operating earnings over the same period. A summary of adjustments between operating and reported results are included in the appendix with a detailed reconciliation available on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Turning now to slide 4. As usual our operating earnings guidance ranges assume normal weather variations from which could cause results to be toward the top or the bottom of these ranges. We are initiating 2020 operating earnings guidance with a range of $4.25 to $4.60 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a 5% increase over our weather-normalized 2019 results, which aligns with the guidance we provided at our Investor Day last March. Select drivers in 2020 as compared to 2019 include increased earnings from regulated investment growth across our electric and gas businesses, lower interest expense due to lower average debt balances and a lower rate environment, the full year impact of the Millstone Zero Carbon Contract and lower depreciation expense associated with an anticipated extension of the useful life assumption for our regulated nuclear plants in Virginia. Negative drivers include increased minority interest expense associated with the equity recapitalization of Cove Point, share dilution, lower New England capacity prices and a double outage year at Millstone. Note that the double outage year -- the double outage occurs every third year and will therefore be a positive driver in 2021. We are introducing first quarter consolidated operating earnings guidance of $1.05 to $1.25 per share. We are also affirming our post-2020 guidance of 5-plus percent annual operating EPS growth as well as our dividend per share growth rate of 2.5% per annum, subject as is customary to board approval. We have successfully changed the way we manage and report our businesses, as shown on slide five, to better reflect the larger and more regulated nature of our operations. We expect that these realigned segments will also make it easier to model and analyze our company. On slide six, we provide annual operating income guidance at the new segment level. Let me take a moment and highlight a few points. First, except for contracted generation, which I'll explain in a minute, each of our segments exhibit strong operating earnings growth trends, driven primarily by regulated investment and general cost discipline. Contracted generations earnings trend is negatively impacted by the sale of Manchester and Fairless at the end of 2018 and by the double outage year at Millstone in 2020. As I mentioned previously, the double outage driver will reverse for 2021. Second, we've adjusted the CAGR of the gas distribution segment to exclude the impact of the addition of PSNC in 2019, to demonstrate the very strong core growth rate at the segment, absent merger activity. Third, we are not showing the 2018 to 2020 CAGR for Dominion Energy South Carolina as the merger with SCANA did not conclude until 2019. Growth in 2020 is primarily driven by merger cost savings, which we expect to accrue to the benefit of our customers in South Carolina as part of our upcoming electric rate case. In other words, this growth is good for both customers and shareholders. Finally, these segment level operating income CAGRs, of course, don't reflect equity issuance at the parent over the period shown, including shares issued in exchange for SCANA stock early last year and which act to produce a consolidated EPS growth rate that is slightly below the segment level growth numbers shown here. On slide seven, we show expected 2020 operating EPS contribution by segment. This page underscores two of the key investment themes we have emphasized. First, that the strategic progression of our company has resulted in having approximately 95% of our operating earnings derived from regulated and regulated-like operation; and second, that around 70% of our operating earnings come from state-regulated utility operations centered around five highly attractive states; including Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ohio and Utah. Going forward we plan to provide this segment level operating guidance annually. We have also simplified or added to our existing disclosures, including with regards to weather impacts, customer growth, rate base estimates, Millstone hedging, fixed income and other topics. We hope you find these changes, which are included in our earnings release kit and in the appendix of today's presentation, helpful. Turning to slide eight. We've summarized our current capital structure. We now have distinct and aligned financing entities related to our Dominion Energy Virginia, Dominion Energy South Carolina and gas transmission and storage operating segments. These financing vehicles are, in addition to our parent level entity, SEC registrants and, therefore, will continue to file 10-Ks and 10-Qs. For the gas distribution and the Contracted Generation segments we show here the aggregate of existing financing balances across the individual op-co entities, which, primarily due to their smaller size, are financed in the private market. Let me now address credit more generally. I frequently remind our investors that we manage our balance sheet to a target credit rating range and not just to one of the specific credit metrics. Also, that the cash coverage metrics such as FFO or CFO pre-working capital to debt represent only a small weighting within the overall rating methodologies employed by our credit rating agencies. Nonetheless, on slide nine, we illustrate the meaningful improvement we have achieved in the cash coverage metric over the last four years and which we expect will continue to gradually improve over the next several years. We've included in the appendix additional detail on the calculation of this metric for 2019. On a related topic, strong performance of our retirement plan assets, combined with an earnings neutral fourth quarter contribution more than offset a year-on-year reduction in discount rates resulting in an increase in the overall funded balance of these plans by around 7 percentage points. This leads me to our 2020 CapEx and financing plan. Slide 10 provides our 2020 capital investment plan, which are broadly in line, though a little higher in aggregate than the forecast we provided at our Investor Day due to a handful of small positive revisions and timing deltas. And slide 11 provides an overview of our 2020 external financing plan. A couple of things to highlight here. First, consistent with previous guidance, our common equity plans for the year include only around $300 million via our DRIP program. You may recall that we have previously forecast $300 million to $500 million of ATM issuance in 2020, but subsequently announced that we would use proceeds from the Cove Point equity recapitalization to reduce or eliminate that issuance, which is reflected here. Next I'll point out that during 2020, we intend to issue up to $1.8 billion of privately placed fixed income securities at Dominion East Ohio, which as a result of the Dominion Energy Gas Holdings reorganization, we completed last November is currently levered only on an intercompany basis. We currently expect this issuance in the mid-year, and we'll use proceeds to retire current level debt. Finally, as is the norm, this annual financing plan does not reflect any opportunistic refinancing activities which may arise during the year. For example in 2019, we rebalanced the capital structure at Dominion Energy South Carolina via a series of bond repurchases. In this fourth quarter, we took advantage of an attractive financing environment to replace existing debt with an equity credit preferred security that's priced at an all-time industry low. We will continue to monitor opportunities to similarly strengthen our balance sheet in an earnings supportive manner. Turning now to the Atlantic Coast pipeline, which Tom will address in greater detail in a moment. Since about a year ago, when we announced the last material increase in our estimated total capital cost for ACP, discussions have been ongoing between the project owners and the anchor shipper customers, regarding the equitable sharing of those increases within the contract tariff. Those negotiations have been productive and we expect to formalize an agreement in the coming weeks. As part of those discussions, the major project customers have confirmed their willingness to take on higher project rates given the strategic importance of ACP as an alternative pipeline option to the region. As a reminder, these are 20-year take or pay agreement with regulated utility customers and no commodity exposure. This customer negotiation process -- progress allows us to provide guidance related to the project's economic contribution after entering commercial service. As shown on slide 12, we expect the 2022 contribution to be between $0.20 and $0.25 per share, which includes Supply Header and assumes a full year of commercial in-service. This estimate also reflects the transition from AFUDC to contract-based cash earnings potential. We expect this contribution to increase over time as we expand the project via compression and laterals. There is no change to our expected contribution this year of mid to high-teen cents per share. In related news, we're announcing today that we have agreed to acquire certain modestly sized gas transmission and storage assets from Southern company, subject to HSR regulatory approval. The first is pivotal LNG, which liquefies and delivers LNG as fuel for transportation in the Southeast U.S., primarily from a new LNG production facility located in Jacksonville, Florida. Tom will discuss how this asset, together with Cove Point support the expansion of our LNG strategy to include maritime transportation. The second asset being acquired is Southern Company's 5% stake in the Atlantic Coast pipeline, which upon closing will bring the project ownership to 53% Dominion Energy and 47% Duke Energy. Note that the governance arrangements for the project company remains such that it will continue to be recognized on an unconsolidated equity method basis in Dominion's financial statements. Likewise there is no change to Southern Company's status as one of the anchor customers for the project through its Virginia natural gas local distribution company. The near-term financial impact of the acquisition of these two assets is positive but relatively small and the increased ACP ownership is reflected in the earnings contribution estimates I provided previously. Total cash consideration for these acquisitions is around $175 million. Turning to Santee Cooper. Our interest remains limited to a management proposal arrangement designed to cooperatively improve operational efficiency from our nearly co-located utility footprint. Consistent with our previous messaging on this topic while the potential financial impact of any such arrangement would not be a material near-term financial driver for Dominion, we are glad to participate if selected by the Department of Administration and the South Carolina General Assembly especially if the collaborative approach results in cost savings that can be passed on to our and Santee Cooper's customers in the state. We will provide updates as warranted as that process moves into the next phase. Finally, let me offer just a brief comment on the recent third quarter related to the PJM capacity market structure, commonly referred to as MOPR-Ex. We will continue to monitor that situation as it winds towards resolution. In the meantime, we do not see this as the material financial risk for our company given the even balance of supply and demand at Dominion Energy Virginia. Further, if we determine it to be in the best interest of our customers, we have the option to make a fixed resource requirement or FRR election. This would require a notification to PJM and where we'd also notify the Virginia State Corporation Commission and the North Carolina Utilities Commission. With that, let me conclude my remarks by reiterating the key investment themes that I spoke to on our last quarterly call. We are highly regulated -- we are highly regulated with about 95% of our company's operating earnings derived from regulated and regulated like operations. 70% of our earnings are from utility operations centered around five attractive states. Another 25% of our earnings are from FERC-regulated transmission and storage operations, primarily serving utility customers under long-term capacity contracts. During 2019, we grew our regulated rate base by approximately 6%. We continue to expect five-year rate base CAGR of approximately 7% consistent with our expectations at Investor Day. We are executing on our previously announced five-year, $26 billion growth capital plan that will modernize, strengthen and improve the sustainability of the services we offer to our customers. And finally this customer focused approach also benefits our shareholders as demonstrated by our growing track record of meeting and affirming our financial guidance including a 16th consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding our guidance midpoint. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. First, a reminder that safety is our first core value. On slide 14, we have recast our historic safety results to incorporate our mergers with Questar and SCANA. As you can see, the overall trend reflects a continuous focus on employee health and welfare. Pro forma for past mergers, our company-wide OSHA recordable incident rate decreased in 2019 for an 11th time over the last 13 years. Turning now to our consistent national leadership as it relates to environmental, social and governance matters. Over the course of the last year, we have intensified our efforts to reduce emissions of all types. As shown on slide 15, we have already reduced carbon emissions by around 50% since 2005, which is nearly twice as much as the most recently reported industry average. We have followed a similar path for methane emissions, which have fallen by around 25% since 2010, a significant reduction driven by industry-leading efforts. Further as shown on the next slide. We have reduced coal-fired generation's contribution to company-wide electricity production by 80% from 52% in 2005 to 12% in 2019. And we estimate that coal-fired generation today accounts for less than 8% of our total regulated investment base. Turning to slide 17. I'm pleased to announce a new commitment to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. The goal includes both carbon dioxide and methane emissions and covers all of our businesses including electricity generation and gas infrastructure. This represents a significant expansion from the company's previous greenhouse gas emission reduction goals, which included a commitment to cut methane emissions from our natural gas operations by 50%, between 2010 and 2030, and carbon emissions from our power generating facilities by 80%, between 2005 and 2050. Reducing emissions as fast as possible and achieving net zero emissions company-wide requires immediate and direct action. That is why the company continues to make meaningful steps, to extend licenses for its zero carbon nuclear generation fleet. Promote customer energy efficiency programs. Invest heavily in wind and solar power. Reduce the amount of coal-fired generation on our system. Enhance gas infrastructure leak detection. Systematically replace legacy gas distribution lines. And harvest agricultural methane emissions, to be repurposed as renewable natural gas. All of these initiatives are included in our capital investment plan guidance, through 2023. And will extend well beyond that. Over the long-term, achieving these goals will require supportive legislative and regulatory policies and broader investments across the economy. This includes support for the testing and deployment of technologies such as, large-scale energy storage and carbon capture, which though still early stage, have the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions significantly, when deployed in conjunction with carbon-free generation. And we will never lose sight of our fundamental responsibility to customers, provision of safe, reliable and affordable energy. We have issued a press release this morning that addresses the topic in additional detail. And you should expect to hear more about our plans, including an upcoming climate, and corporate and social responsibility reports. Though certain approaches will undoubtedly evolve over the coming decades to reflect the most up-to-date assumptions, our commitment to net zero emissions, will not change. I'm pleased to report that our work on reducing emissions and enhancing our ESG disclosures was recognized with a leadership rating by CDP, an influential non-profit that monitors and measures environmental impact. These ratings put Dominion Energy in the upper echelon of not just U.S. utility companies, but all companies of all industries globally. In addition, Just Capital, an organization that promotes corporate responsibility, in partnership with Forbes, has ranked Dominion, among America's top 100 corporate citizens. It is of course nice to receive accolades like these, but we are not declaring victory. In addition to minimizing our own operational environmental footprint, in line with the carbon and methane goals I just described. We are also embracing the notion of Beyond Dominion Energy, as it relates to our ability to transform the emissions profiles of our customers and energy end users, as shown on slide 19, in the transportation sector which accounts for 29% of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. We are leading the way in the development of the largest electric school bus program, in the nation. We are enhancing the resiliency and flexibility of our electric grid, to enable the more rapid deployment of electric vehicle charging infrastructure, as enabled in Virginia by the Grid Transformation and Security Act. And we are developing infrastructure that will make liquefied natural gas, compressed renewable natural gas and potentially hydrogen fuels more available and more affordable for use in transportation applications, including maritime shipping vessels. In the agricultural sector, which accounts for 9% of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, we are partnering with the nation's largest hog and dairy producers to capture methane from farm operations. These partnerships have already committed $700 million of shared investment to capture methane emissions. And use RNG to serve homes, businesses and vehicle fleets. These are large and ambitious, multi-decade plans that are consistent with the spirit of Dominion Energy and its nearly 20,000 employees. Many of these efforts are well underway, including our solar, offshore wind, nuclear re-licensing and energy efficiency programs. Others are in more nascent stages, including our electric school bus, RNG and marine, LNG programs. Over the coming months and years, you should expect to hear more on these strategies, as we work diligently to reduce the emissions profiles of our company and our customer. I will address several of these now. Turning to slide 20, late last year, we announced plans to install over 2.6 gigawatts of wind generation capacity approximately 27 miles off the coast of Virginia, a major milestone for a project we began developing in 2013. Since that announcement, we have achieved several additional milestones, including selecting Siemens Gamesa as our preferred turbine supplier and entering into an agreement with three prominent trade unions to support the onshore electric interconnection work. We will begin ocean survey work in April, which will help to support the submission of the construction and operations plan at the end of this year. We expect to commence construction in 2024 upon timely completion of the BOEM permitting process with full in-service by the end of 2026. We will continue to work to refine the preliminary capital cost estimate of approximately $8 billion, the vast majority of which will occur in the 2024 to 2026 time frame, as major components are fabricated and installed. Cost reductions as well as any tax benefits that we achieve will accrue directly to the benefit of our customers. Dominion Energy Virginia will be the sole equity owner of this regulated asset. We will seek recovery via Orion from the Virginia State Corporation Commission. While the existing GTSA provides a strong framework for regulated cost recovery for offshore wind investments, legislation which was supported by the governor's office in recent legislative committee meetings is working its way through the current Virginia general assembly session, that if enacted would provide additional regulatory clarity. Our related 12-megawatt pilot project will begin turbine installation in May and is expected to achieve commercial operation in late summer of this year. The lessons learned on this project will be invaluable to the successful completion of our full-scale deployment. The pilot is the first and only offshore wind project in Federal Waters to have completed the BOM permitting process, which included a cumulative impact analysis. We expect to leverage the right-of-way and other work already performed under the pilot project to facilitate routing the export cable to shore and connecting it to the onshore electric transmission system. Also in Virginia, our weather-normalized sales increased 1.4% year-over-year, driven primarily by increased data center and residential demand. We connected nearly 34,000 new accounts, about 10% more than last year including 26 data centers, which set another annual record. Earlier this year, PJM revised upwards their peak load assumptions for our service territory to reflect among other things continued strong data center growth. PJM Dom Zone summer peak load growth is now expected to be 1.2% per year over the next 10 years and 1% annually over the next 15. These rates are double the PJM system-wide growth rates and rank our zone as one of the fastest-growing regions among the 13 states that comprise PJM. Turning to Slide 21. Last month, the State Corporation Commission approved our U.S. forward solar CPCN application, the second such approval in the last 12 months. We expect subsequent rider approval in April. Overall, we have now achieved 57% of our commitment to Virginians to have 3,000 megawatts of solar in development or in operation by the end of 2021. To date, and inclusive of around $800 million of spending in 2019 alone, Dominion Energy's enterprise-wide total solar investment now stands at approximately $4 billion with an additional nearly $3 billion expected through 2023. We anticipate continued solar investment for years to come which is why we expect to improve our current ranking of fourth among the largest utility owners of solar in the country. Phase 2 of our grid modernization program is before the commission. Representing around $500 million of CapEx, the request includes deployment of automated metering, a new customer information platform and investments in grid resiliency and telecommunications that are essential to delivering the products and services that our customers desire and which provides for a system more capable of withstanding climate-related risks. We are optimistic that we will receive approval next month. Our other investment programs, shown on slide 22, such as electric transmission, nuclear relicensing, distribution undergrounding, pump storage, renewable-enabling quick-start generation and rural broadband are tracking in line with our expectations. Virginia General Assembly has been in session for about five weeks and is scheduled to conclude in less than a month. There are two proposals currently pending, that I believe warrant highlighting. One is related to offshore wind, which I previously addressed. The other relates to our nation-leading initiative to replace diesel with electric school buses. We have already selected a vendor and worked with local school districts in our service territory to allocate an initial delivery of 50 school buses by year-end. Pending legislation calls for replacing an additional 1,500 buses by 2025, representing an estimated Dominion capital investment of approximately $400 million, which will be eligible for cost recovery subject to commission approval. Ultimately, we would place all 13,000 diesel school buses in our Virginia service territory. Not only will this effort dramatically improve the air quality for our students and their communities, it will provide valuable, real-world experience with vehicle to grid battery technology as the first 1,500 buses, while idle, represent up to 60 megawatts of effective battery storage. We are monitoring other active pieces of legislation, all of which we expect to represent a reasonable and balanced approach to statewide energy policy priorities. Turning now to South Carolina on slide 23. We are pleased with the work done by our team members to provide for a smooth integration, while maintaining their historically excellent levels of reliability and customer service. Around midyear, we plan to file an electric rate case as stipulated in the merger agreement. Our most recent earned return was around 7.5% and our current authorized return is 10.25%. The most significant driver of the under earnings is related to normal, course safety, customer growth and reliability utility investment over the last eight years. This is not currently captured in rates. We believe the case will conclude by year-end, with an outcome that appropriately balances the interest of customers and shareholders. Turning to Gas Distribution. Recently, we have begun to hear of investor concern that at least in some states, municipal level ordinances could limit overall demand growth for natural gas utility service. While that may be true elsewhere, we simply do not see any evidence of slowing customer or investment growth in the states in which we operate gas utilities, Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, Ohio, West Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. Compounded annual customer growth across this segment was 1.5% over the last three years and as high as 2.6% and in Utah and North Carolina, with no signs of abating anytime soon. For many of our customers, the alternative to natural gas for home heating is fuel oil or even wood, which have significantly higher carbon signatures. And in certain communities within reach of our system, a lack of energy infrastructure is constraining growth and impacting everyday quality of life. Further, we are an industry leader in minimizing the emissions footprint of natural gas utility operations, including through promoting energy efficiency, utilizing innovative technologies and increasing access for our customers to renewable natural gas. We also continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars every year in modernizing our distribution infrastructure, which improves safety, reduces emissions and is recoverable in the form of riders or trackers that will continue over the course of at least the next decade. Regulators continue to approve new investments like our on-system peaking storage facility in Utah that will improve system reliability for decades to come. Our gas distribution segment is focused on being part of the solution to a sustainable future. Finally, let me now discuss our gas transmission and storage business. First, RNG. We are the largest agricultural waste-to-energy investor in the United States with investments of $700 million across our partnerships over the next 10 years. These investments will grow as the offtake market matures. Through these efforts, we capture otherwise fugitive methane from livestock and convert it to pipeline quality natural gas for use in homes, businesses and vehicle fleets. Every captured unit of methane is the equivalent of eliminating 25 units of carbon dioxide. Dominion is uniquely positioned to lead the industry in this effort, given the geography of our assets. At Investor Day last year, we identified marine LNG as one of the many innovative ideas we were working to advance. By way of background crews and cargo vessels primarily consume diesel or fuel oil each of which is a major contributor of greenhouse gas and other emissions. The maritime industry is taking steps encouraged by recent global regulation to reduce its emissions footprint which is expected to result in a material shift to LNG. This expected growth in LNG as a fuel source allows Dominion an attractive opportunity to provide natural gas liquefaction and LNG distribution services to a growing list of maritime customers. As Jim mentioned, we are acquiring an interest in existing Florida-based operation that currently services marine vessels with an onshore liquefier coupled with marine fuel delivery infrastructure. Customer contracts in this business are typically long-term, take-or-pay with no commodity exposure. This initial acquisition will support a broader marine LNG strategy that would include Cove Point where we're partnering with an existing export customer to redirect a portion of their liquefied natural gas inventory to provide LNG to constrained markets along the East Coast and to provide fuel for marine vessels under 0 commodity risk take-or-pay contracts. Importantly, this arrangement does not and will not alter the existing 20-year take-or-pay export contract revenues or terms. While modest initially this market has the potential to support the significant decarbonization of the country's marine industry in addition to radically reducing pollution at our nation's ports. Overall inclusive of the acquisition from Southern Company, we expect to deploy approximately $200 million on this strategy over the next 5 years. This is an innovative element of our long-term Beyond Dominion Energy effort to help our customers new and old meet their emissions reduction targets. Turning now to an update on activities related to the Atlantic Coast pipeline as shown on Slide 24. Two weeks from yesterday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments related to the Appalachian Trail crossing aspect of our U.S. Forest Service permit. We remain optimistic that the court will issue an order reversing the 4th Circuit in the May or June timeframe. We continue to work with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service on a reissued biological opinion and are pleased that FERC reinitiated formal consultation yesterday. We applaud the service for taking the time to consider thoroughly the feedback provided by the court during the prior judicial proceedings and we believe an updated biological opinion will be issued during the first half of this year. Upon receipt of the updated biological opinion, we intend to notify FERC and anticipate thereafter, the recommencement of construction across major portions of the pipeline. We're also pleased with the progress related to projects' Nationwide 12 permit which was issued by and subsequently voluntarily remanded to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Last month The Corps adopted repromulgated regulations that would allow for ACP to seek reissuance of the permit. As it relates to the Buckingham County compressor station air permit which was vacated late last year, I repeat my message from our last earnings call. We can deliver a very material amount of contracted volumes to customers on our existing schedule even if permit resolution delays the in-service date of the project's third compression station. We are working on a number of solutions which we expect will resolve the issue during the second half of this year. We believe that the options we are evaluating will satisfy the court's concerns. We started on process not the substance of the permit itself. Based on our expectation of the biological opinion being reissued during the first half of the year, we are confirming our project time line, the calls for construction completion by the end of next year and commissioning to be completed shortly thereafter. Project costs of approximately $8 billion are in line with the high end of the judicial option range, we provided about a year ago. This estimate incorporates the various potential approaches to permitting issues and construction plans and timing including as relates to the Buckingham compressor station which are being contemplated in the customer discussions that Jim described. Also as noted, we have agreed to acquire the 5% ownership in the project from Southern Company further underscoring our confidence in the successful completion of the project. With that, I will summarize today's call as follows. Our first value is safety and we achieved another year of record safety performance. We introduced a net zero emissions by 2050 target that accounts for carbon and methane emissions across both, electric and gas operations. We achieved weather-normalized operating earnings that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 16th consecutive quarter. We further improved our credit metrics and successfully completed the restructuring of our operating segments. We introduced 2020 earnings guidance that represents a 5% year-over-year increase consistent with previous messaging. We confirmed our earnings per share growth expectations of 5-plus percent post-2020 and we are making significant progress across our capital investment programs to the benefit of our customers. We will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, the floor is open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey good morning guys.
Jim Chapman: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Thanks for the additional disclosures on the ACP slides. With the AFUDC rate versus returns once gas is flowing, can you just elaborate if you're expecting any sort of step down there in your assumptions? I guess what returns are you kind of assuming in your $0.20 to $0.25 per share contribution once the pipes in service post these contract negotiations? And curious, if these negotiations built-in any potential further cost increases?
Jim Chapman: Sure. Good morning, it's Jim. Thanks for that. Yes, there has been as we said in our prepared remarks quite the substantial discussions with the anchor customers, the anchor shippers. And those discussions don't really revolve around ROE. It revolves around a rate. So, what the guidance we've given is, is for the first full year of operation at that rate. And that will of course imply an ROE, which folks can do the math on, but it's reflective of the expected rate for the anchor shippers. Now, when you do calculate that ROE that's implied by that math, you'll get to a number that is reflective of the first full year of operation only, meaning over time, as that project expands through laterals or compression or whatever, that's not reflected in that year one ROE, but the -- that will all flow from the input, which is a agreed upon customer rate and cost.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then, is there a point in time, Jim, that you can sort of update us on laterals and compression? Is there -- and then where is sort of your intentions are there at that point?
Diane Leopold: No. What we can say is that, we are optimistic that there will be expansions over time. Sorry, this is Diane Leopold. But we're right now focused on getting the base project in.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it guys. This was terrific. Thanks so much.
Jim Chapman: Thanks Shar.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Jim Chapman: Good morning
Greg Gordon: Tom I may have -- you covered a lot and you've made a ton of progress. So congratulations. I don't recall, if you mentioned, whether you think there'll be any substantial legislative activity in Virginia this year? And if so, what we should be monitoring?
Tom Farrell: Thanks, Greg. We mentioned two things in particular, the legislation that would allow for up to 1,500 diesel school buses to be converted to electric between now and 2025. And there are bills in both the House and Senate that are working their way through. Today is what we call Crossover Day in Virginia, where each of the Houses has to finish work on its own bills. So, the House has to finish work on all House bills and then everything goes over to the Senate, they can no longer work on House bills after tonight. And the same is true for the Senate. So, there are bills on the electric school bus in both houses. And there are bills related to providing even further regulatory clarity around our 2.6 gigawatt offshore wind farm. Other than that Greg there's been a large amount of legislative activity, some bills are no longer viable others are. And we just are monitoring all those working on them. Until they work their way through the legislative process. It's really -- it's premature to comment on them.
Greg Gordon: Great. And what would be -- what's your expected -- how do we reword this. What would be the outcome that you would expect coming from the legislation with regard to offshore wind if it does pass and what type of regulatory framework would that entail?
Tom Farrell: Well, again Greg I just -- the bills are there pending and I think they speak for themselves. They have language in them that increase regulatory clarity.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, all. I will go take a read. Appreciate it. Take care. 
Tom Farrell: Thank you. 
Jim Chapman: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Tom Farrell: Good morning. 
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. Hey. What impact of the FERC MOPR have on Virginia the offshore wind projects? And what is your, I guess, your decision process at MEPCO versus an FRR on tariffs?
Jim Chapman: Michael, it's Jim. Let me start there. We -- as we mentioned look we don't expect that that MOPR as proposed will have really any financial impact on Dominion. As you know our capacity and load in Virginia -- Dominion Energy Virginia is pretty well balanced. So no near-term impact. And if we foresaw that some change with MOPR and PJM rules would mean that we would not be potentially receiving capacity payments on new build generation. We could very easily in the interest of our customer -- customers in Virginia just elect that FRR option which we think is pretty straightforward. It already exists for another utility in the Virginia regulatory framework so we just don't see FRR the MOPR in general being an impact to our business one way or the other.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So for now I mean I guess later on you might make that election if it does impact the ability to bid into the auction for the offshore wind correct?
Jim Chapman: Correct.
Michael Weinstein: One other question. The $8 billion for ACP is a little higher I guess you're at the high end of the range now. What are some of the factors that are pushing that up towards the high end of the range? Is it the Buckingham issue or something else?
Diane G. Leopold: Hi. This is Diane Leopold, again. So we run a lot of scenarios incorporating where we are with permitting issues and based on the timing of that, construction scenarios certainly including Buckingham compressor station options. And all of those have been taken into account in the customer negotiations that are factoring into revised rates. But really that's what took us to the $8 billion which is in line or just above the high-end of that judicial option range.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Jim Chapman: Thank you. 
Tom Farrell: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning and welcome. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to view the earnings release kit, a presentation that accompanies this morning’s prepared remarks and additional quarterly disclosures. The Investor Relations team will be available after today’s call to answer any questions regarding this quarter’s results. Earnings materials including our prepared remarks today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. This morning, we will discuss some measures of our Company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP, reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we are able to calculate are contained in the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer as well as other members of the executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
James Chapman: Thanks Steve and good morning. Before I walk through the quarterly results which were above the mid-point of our guidance range, I wanted to highlight Dominion Energy’s key investment themes, all of which were consistent with the messaging from our Investor Day in March. At the highest level, we delivered exceptional value to our customers, our communities, our employees, and our shareholders. We do this by providing affordable, reliable, and sustainable energy to our customers. Approximately, two-thirds of our operating income comes from our state regulated utility operations whose customers center around five key states. Our demand for utility-centered FERC transmission and storage customers account for most of the rest of our operating income. Together, these regulated and regulated-like customers comprise approximately 95% of our total operating income. From 2019 through 2023, we plan to invest $26 billion in growth capital programs that will modernize, strengthen, and improve the sustainability of our systems to the benefit of these customers. Further, we do this by engaging with communities in which we live and work by being responsible stewards of the environment, and by focusing relentlessly on the safety of our nearly 20,000 employees. Tom will touch on these three topics more extensively in his remarks. Finally, we do this by delivering financial results that are consistently within our guidance for earnings and dividend growth. As an example, this quarter’s results represent the 15th consecutive quarter of delivering weather-normalized operating earnings per share that are at or above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range and also the 15th consecutive quarter of being in or above the range without weather normalizing. And today, we are also reaffirming our annual and long-term growth guidance. Turning now to quarterly results on Slide 4, today we reported third quarter 2019 operating earnings of $1.18 per share compared to our guidance range of $1.00 to $1.20 per share. Strong performance across our segments was aided by better-than-normal weather, which increased utility earnings by about $0.05 per share. Adjusted for normal weather, operating earnings for the quarter were $1.13 per share, which is also above the midpoint of our guidance range. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $1.17 per share, a reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. On Slide 5, we've summarized several milestones achieved since our last call. First Millstone began to sell electricity under the Zero Carbon Power Contract with Connecticut Utilities on October 1. Under the 10-year contract, Millstone will sell 9 million megawatt hours of electricity per year, representing 55% of the plant’s output at a fixed price for $49.99 per megawatt hour. This contract, the financial impact of which is incorporated into our existing guidance recognizes the tremendous value of Millstone’s environmental and other attributes for the state and the region. For the plant output not covered by the contract, we will continue to employ a prudent hedging strategy. Note that the contract does not cover capacity as the entire plant is expected to continue to be compensated via the existing regional capacity program. We’re pleased with this agreement as it ensures the ongoing financial viability of the plant, and we wish to thank the Governor's office, DEEP, PURA, and the electric utilities who work in a collaborative and thoughtful fashion to safeguard the state's environment, economy, employment, and energy security. Next, we continue to achieve constructive results across our various and normal course state-level regulatory proceedings. In North Carolina, we reached a nearly complete settlement with commission staff for our electric operations in the state with interim rates based on a 9.75% ROE to be effective this month. In Utah, our gas distribution business has filed its first post-merger base rate proceeding, which we expect will conclude early next year. Finally, we expect resolution of our Virginia ROE proceeding later this month. The updated ROE will impact in the near-term, approximately $4 billion of rate base currently earning rider returns of 9.2% plus adders of up to 1%. We estimate that every 50 basis point change in ROE would impact near-term rider earnings by between $0.01 and $0.02 per share per year. Next, we expect to complete the transition to our new operating segment by the end of this year. As a reminder, and as shown on Slide 6, we are reorganizing the way we manage and report our operating segments to more closely align with their customer and regulatory profile. During our fourth quarter earnings call early next year, we expect to provide our 2019 full-year results and 2020 guidance in conformity with these updated segments. As discussed previously, we believe that this new reporting structure will make our company more accessible and will highlight the premium nature of each of our businesses. Turning to Slide 7. On October 21, we announced that as part of our previously communicated intention to establish a permanent capital structure for the Cove Point facility, we reached an agreement with a financial investor affiliated with Brookfield to participate in an equity recapitalization of that asset. This transaction, the financial impacts of which are already included in our existing earnings, earnings growth guidance accomplishes several key objectives, including: highlighting the intrinsic value created through Dominion’s five-year development efforts with an implied enterprise value of nearly $8.25 billion, compared to a construction cost at the time of liquefaction completion of just over $4 billion redeploying capital from the low-growth annuity type area into a robust regulated growth capital program, preserving full operational control of the facility with no impact on existing customer contracts or employees, and reducing Dominion’s annual common equity financing needs in the coming years from the levels described at our March Investor Day. Immediately upon close, expected later this year, we will use 100% of the proceeds to retire parent-level debt. This transaction, which attractively addresses the equity portion of the facility’s long-term capital structure is step one of two, as we intend to finalize long-term debt related to the asset in the near future. Moving quickly to credit, during 2018 we took major steps to improve our balance sheet while also reducing our business risk profile. We expect that our full-year 2019 credit metrics will be supportive of our existing credit ratings with debt coverage ratios normalize for merger related charges in the mid-teens. Moving out to operating earnings guidance on Slide 8. As usual, our operating earnings guidance ranges assume normal weather variations from which could cause results to be towards the top or the bottom of these ranges. For the fourth quarter, we're initiating guidance of $1.10 to $1.25 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year include the absence of the Millstone refueling outage, growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, contribution from the Southeast Energy Group, commitment of the Millstone Zero Carbon Contract, net capacity expense improvement and the impact of O&M initiatives. Negative factors as compared to last year include the impact of 2018 asset sale, share issuances, and return to normal weather. This fourth quarter guidance implies a narrowing of our 2019 full-year guidance range to $4.15 to $4.30 per share with no change to the midpoint of our original guidance. Before I turn it over to Tom, let me summarize it today, we reported our 15th consecutive quarter of weather normalized operating EPS at or above the midpoint of our guidance range. We're confirming the midpoint and narrowing our guidance range for 2019 full-year operating EPS and we are reiterating our long-term EPS growth expectation of approximately 5% next year, and 5% plus thereafter. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Farrell:  Thank you, Jim and good morning. First, a reminder that safety is our first core value. I'm pleased to report that our year-to-date safety performance is consistent with the record setting results we have achieved in the last few years. We're focused on continuing that trend over the last two months of 2019. Turning to Slide 9, I will now address the topics Jim mentioned in his remarks. First three weeks ago, we released our latest sustainability and corporate responsibility report. It's our most comprehensive report to-date and it delivers on the company's commitment to complete transparency. it embraces ESG disclosure best practices, and it includes information on corporate governance and stakeholder engagement, social and workforce metrics and industries that match the standards of the Global reporting initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board as well as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Key highlights in the report include Dominion has reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 52% since 2005. We've also prevented more than 250,000 metric tons of methane entering the atmosphere from our gas infrastructure assets in the past decade, which is the equivalent of planting more than 100 million trees. The company has raised its diverse hiring rate from 27% to 42% from 2013 to 2018 and one in every five new hires is a veteran. In 2018, Dominion contributed nearly $35 million social betterment and employees volunteered more than 126,000 hours in community service. In August, we announced plans for the largest electric school bus initiative in the nation. This innovative effort aims to replace 100% of the approximately 13,000 diesel powered school buses in our Virginia Electric Utility Service territory by 2030, which will be the equivalent in emission reductions of removing 65,000 cars from the road. The vehicle to grid technology allows the bus batteries to store and then release energy out of the grid during periods of high demand when the buses are not in use. Finally, last week, we announced that we are expanding our 50:50 partnership with Smithfield Foods become the largest renewable natural gas supplier in the nation. In total, we are doubling our combined investment over the next 10 years to $0.5 billion which will allow us to capture RNG thatreduces greenhouse gas emissions that are equivalent to taking 500,000 cars off the road or planting 40 million new trees. We are one of the most sustainable and innovative energy companies in the United States and we believe that our customers and shareholders will benefit from our efforts. Turning to Slide 10, we have several important initiatives underway in Virginia. First, Offshore Wind, last month we received key approvals from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management BOEM regarding the design, fabrication and installation of our 12-megawatt pilot project, which is under construction and scheduled to enter service late next year. The knowledge and experience we obtained from the permitting construction and operations pilot will be invaluable as we embark on our programs to develop 2.6 gigawatts of utility scale offshore wind in support of Governor Northam’s recent Executive Order Number 43. That order provided clear direction to policymakers and agencies regarding the State's sustainable energy future as well as a challenge to Dominion Energy to accelerate the life lock timeline with more renewables on our system, the challenge we embrace. Our intention is to bring the project which is located 27 miles off the Coast of Virginia Beach online in three phases of 880 megawatts each. The three phases will enter service in 2024, 2025 and 2026 and taken together will be the largest offshore wind installation in the United States. Projects will be developed and owned by Dominion Energy, Virginia with regulated cost recovery subject to approval by the Virginia State Corporation Commission. Our current five-year capital plan provided at our Investor Day identifies $1.1 billion for offshore wind inclusive of $300 million for the pilot. Preliminary cost estimates which we will work hard to reduce in the interest of customer savings. Total and additional $7 billion, we anticipate capital expenditures to ramp-up in the latter part of our current five-year plan with the most significant investment to take place in 2024 through 2026. We look forward to working closely with policymakers, regulators and other stakeholders to establish Virginia as the center of the United States offshore wind industry. Efforts presently underway include Ocean Survey work and the development of the Construction and Operations Plan, which is targeted for submittal to BOEM late next year. We will make additional details available as we continue to make progress. Offshore wind is just one of the many investment programs that we continue to execute on for the benefit of our customers and in accordance with the Grid Transformation and Security Act. Four weeks ago, we filed for a second phase of Grid Transmission investments to complement the cyber and physical security telecommunication investments already approved by the SEC this past January. This second phase which calls for over $500 million of capital investment through 2021, will enhance service to customers through implementation of new technologies, and a series of new programs developed with input from stakeholders and customers over the past several months, as well as a thorough third-party cost benefit analysis. That analysis concluded that the planned investments will deliver significant benefit to all customers across a wide range of areas, while also driving down -- driving reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, increasing economic growth in the Commonwealth, and providing savings to electric vehicle owners. This phase includes the installation of nearly one million smart meters, as well as a new customer information platform which allows customers to digitally manage their energy use. Our prudency determination is expected in about six months with recovery determinations thereafter. Overall, we expect our grid transformation investment programs to total nearly $3 billion over a 10-year period. Finally, two weeks ago, we announced an agreement with the Commonwealth of Virginia that combined with previously announced contracts will produce enough renewable power to make roughly 45% of the state government’s annual energy use, which is the largest state renewable energy procurement in the country. To accomplish this, Dominion will own approximately 345 megawatts of new solar facilities and sell the output to the state under the long-term Power Purchase Agreement. The balance of the megawatts will come from a third-party owned wind farm. With these projects, we are nearly halfway fulfilling the commitment we made to Governor Northam to have 3,000 megawatts of solar and wind resources in service or under development in Virginia by 2022.  Turning to Slide 11, we have provided a brief summary of capital investment related to the GTSA. As you can see, we are taking significant steps in successfully implementing programs that have been identified by state policymakers as crucial for our state. Over the last several months, the SEC has approved approximately $1.6 billion of capital investment with an additional $800 million filed in pending approval. During the third quarter, the Commission approved rider recovery for nearly $300 million of our Rider E request which was related to environmental upgrades in certain generating units. Since the last statewide election that took place two years ago, Virginia's policymakers have supported on a bipartisan basis, common statutory legislation that puts the Commonwealth firmly on a sustainable and modernized path to continue delivery of low carbon affordable and resilient power. Notable examples include the Grid Transformation and Security Act in 2018 and comprehensive coal ash and world broadband solutions in 2019. As we execute on these policy priorities, we remain vigilant of customer fuel impacts. We intend to keep rates reasonable and competitive in the future, just as they are today. Turning to Slide 12, we continue to see very strong customer growth across our gas distribution franchise. Pending under our rider investment programs, including pipeline replacement is tracking in line with the five-year approximately $2 billion CapEx plan highlighted at our investor day. Last week, we received approval from Utah Public Service Commission to proceed with our investment in a regulated reliability driven LNG peaking facility. And in West Virginia, regulators recently approved a plan that will allow us to double our annual investment in replacing infrastructure at 2023. In South Carolina, our integration efforts and focus on operational excellence continued to proceed successfully. In early September, as Hurricane Dorian swept up the East Coast, nearly 300,000 of our South Carolina electric customers as well as over 170,000 of our North Carolina and Virginia customers experienced service disruptions. Our crews worked around the clock in hazardous conditions to quickly and safely restore power. In fact, in all three states, including South Carolina, where nearly 40% of our customers lost power, service was restored in less than three days. As part of our commitment to relief efforts across Virginia, North and South Carolina, we also donated $250,000 to the American Red Cross to support the purchase supplies, food as well as shelter for those in need. Turning next to the Atlantic Coast pipeline on Slide 13. Consistent with our expectations, the United States Supreme Court granted our appeal of the Fourth Circuit Karl decision which relates to ACP’s crossing underneath the Appalachian Trail. We expect that the Supreme Court will schedule arguments to occur late winter or early spring of next year with a final decision no later than June 2020. We’re confident in our legal position and believe that the Fourth Circuit’s ruling will be overturned. Our focus remains on the Supreme Court appeal, but all other options remain available. Let me also address two other points. Regarding the project’s biological opinion, I will reiterate our commentary from last order that there is nothing in the court's opinion on the four species that we expect would prevent a biological opinion from being reissued during this winter’s tree felling window. However, even if the timing of the BO reissues prevents us from taking full advantage of the window, including through the end of the first half of next year, we do not expect the existing project cost estimate to $7.3 billion to $7.8 billion to change. This cost range which we provided early this year, incorporated a variety of potential permit resolution and construction recommencement timelines, including a successful at AT Supreme Court appeal. We continue to expect project construction to be completed by the end of 2021 with full commissioning to conclude in early 2022. This past Tuesday, the Fourth Circuit have heard arguments regarding an appeal of our Buckingham compressor station, minor source air permit, we remain confident that the extraordinary protections undertaken at the site has adapted to address – and as adapted to address community input more than satisfy both the process and steps required by applicable law. Department provides with the most stringent controls for any compressor station in the United States. We have demonstrated emissions measured added beyond the station fence line will meet the highest public health standards is applied to even the most sensitive populations and environments. We expect the court to issue a ruling within the next three months. We expect the project will be able to deliver significant volumes to customers under our current timeline, even if this permit needs more time to be resolved. I'll also note that since the last quarterly call, we have continued to advance discussions with Atlantic Coast pipeline customers regarding the equitable resolution of project cost increases. We expect to reach an agreement in principle by the end of this year, and we are confident that the result will satisfactory balance customer rates with project returns. Our customers demand for this critical and common sense energy infrastructure is unwavering. Turning to Slide 14, early last month, we announced several leadership changes to better reflect the new financial and operating reporting structure that will take effect later this year. Bob Blue currently CEO of Power Delivery Group will assume responsibility for Dominion Energy Virginia and Dominion Energy Contracted Generation. Diane Leopold, currently CEO of the Gas Infrastructure group will assume responsibility for Dominion Energy South Carolina, Gas transmission and storage and gas distribution. In addition, Bob and Diane will each assume the title of Co-Chief Operating Officer. Carter Reid, currently Chief Administrative and Compliance Officer will become the Chief of Staff for Dominion Energy and President of Dominion Energy Services. Bob, Diane, Carter and Jim Chapman, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer will continue to report directly to me. These leaders are exceptionally well qualified to play important roles in the execution of our long-term strategy and I congratulate them. I also want to thank Paul Koonce who will retire in the coming months for his many years of dedicated service to our company. His contributions will be missed. And we wish him all the very best in his future endeavors. With that, I will summarize today's release as follows. We are on track to achieve full-year safety results that are consistent with record setting performance of recent years, we continue to take industry leading innovative steps to demonstrate our leadership on environmental, social and governance matters. We achieved weather normalized operating earnings, exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range for the 15th consecutive quarter. We're narrowing our full-year 2019 operating earnings per share guidance and affirming our original midpoint. We’re reiterating our long-term EPS growth expectations of approximately 5% next year and 5% plus thereafter, and we're making significant progress across our capital investment programs to the benefit of our customers. We will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question and that is from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, Tom, you obviously highlighted a couple of questions here. You obviously highlighted the huge opportunity you said you guys have with offshore wind right? And we know the development cycle could be kind of long, we've seen it with vineyard. I'm curious if you could talk a little bit around how you're thinking about contingencies around permitting, construction in contract terms, and then as the projects start to go through construction, maybe just a little bit on financing. I mean, should we think about the first tranche of the projects, self-funding future projects with the cash flows they are generating. So maybe how we should think about sort of the financing of what could be a very large capital outlay?
Thomas Farrell: Thanks. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Paul Koonce who has spent an enormous amount of time working on this development, and Jim Chapman can answer any further questions on the financing. I would mention we are expecting rider recovery and we will seek rider approval for all three phases. We've been working on this project for six years. We bought the right lease option, the lease rights in a 2013 auction that was run by BOEM. And ever since that time, we've been working with a variety of stakeholders to make sure we had the right plan and we had the right folks to help us do the pilot. We got approval from the State Corporation Commission, it’s been through BOEM, we have the permits for BOEM. One of the things to keep in mind that differentiates us from the New England situation is we own the entire lease for the entire coastal region of Virginia, and ot is 26 miles offshore. It is not in fishing grounds and it is not visible from the shore. So, it's very significant differentiating aspects of what's going on here in Virginia and what you've seen happen in New England, but from the macro level, and I'll turn it over to Paul to answer the balance of your question.
Paul Koonce: Thanks, Tom. Shahriar, good morning. As Tom mentioned, we've been at this for quite some time. We expect, as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks, to file the construction and operating permit about this time next year. We’ve got ample time to get the BOEM permit in place in order to meet the first phase construction. We will be starting the work now, the ocean mapping, the geotech work, the environmental studies, and that will take place over the course of 2020. And having, as Tom mentioned, having just gone through it on the CVOW project, well that was a research area permit and this is a commercial and operating permit. The process is identical, that we know the stakeholders, we know the process and we feel really pretty good about it. I'll ask Jim to comment on financing.
James Chapman: Yes, two things, Shah, one is as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks in our existing plan that we walked through in some detail back in March, we highlighted $1.1 billion of spending in offshore wind in our plan from 2019 to 2023. So, obviously recent announcements are much larger dollars than that. The vast majority of the increase is going to come in those years of completion 2024, 2025, 2026. So the majority of the spending to come in our current planning horizon is already in our plans that we walked through, and the rest we will update over time as time comes closer, but given what Tom and Paul just described, this is all in a regulatory construct to be financed at Vepco. It's certainly achievable, but the details will come in the next period.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, that’s helpful. Just around VRP, the retirement plan, is there any status, and then I know your past comments is it's supportive of your growth, maybe just a little bit of a sense on how that program is going, how it's shaping the O&M profile, and sort of bigger picture is VRP offshore wind, the rate plans you have in Virginia, is there a point in time when you can change the way we guide to grow, i.e. moving from five plus more of a range especially as we're trying to model what the incremental accretion is from offshore wind, because it just seems like between Cove Point, your plan is becoming much more visible. So, is there a point in time when you can start to layer in more of a definitive growth range versus five plus?
Paul Koonce: Shah, you have linked quite a few things into one question there, good job. Look the offshore wind, what that does to our guidance, I mean, it's beyond our five-year planning horizon. So, the spending and any associated earnings as I just walked through the $1.1 billion including the pilot, I mean that’s in our plan, it’s in our earnings guidance. There are no changes for now on that front. On the VRP, you are right, that is kind of done and dusted earlier this year. We talked about that as being a savings of, call it, $0.05 to $0.06 this year maybe double that on a full run rate next year and diminishing over time as it's given back to customers. So that -- we talked about that as being available savings to offset unforeseen headwinds, and that's still the case. But as an update this year, as you know, the vast majority of our business, 95% of our business is not commodity exposed in any way, the 5% that's not regulated, regulated like it is. And within that 5% of our operating earnings, there's a couple things. One is obviously the gas commodity environment is weak, and our business is largely immune to that. We have a little bit of exposure, mostly around our single remaining processing plant, which is in West Virginia, and that's a little bit of a headwind as those businesses go from like very small to even smaller this year. So that is a little bit of headwind, well materially though, this farm-out program that has been very successful as you know, Shar, this is monetizing acreage and mineral resources, blow our storage field. We announced that program in early 2015. And we give guidance to the end of the decade of $450 million to $500 million of pre-tax earnings. And we've been taking along that kind of like clockwork, we’re 75% through that, that guidance. But given the pricing, given the commodity environment and the pricing that's available to us today, we're choosing not to transact on a farm-out this year. And we're going to, we're going to hold that acreage, net value for farm-out transactions in future periods when there's an improvement in the commodity pricing environment. So what that means is obviously we just reiterated our guidance in the midpoint. So that means we've overcome any unforeseen headwind previously unforeseen related to our decision, not to transact on a farm-out this year. So that is basically the VRP savings which we're using it pretty much as we described, we would. VRP savings and other initiatives to overcome that decision. So no change to our guidance, those are the parts.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect, guys, thank you so much.
Paul Koonce: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi, good morning.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Hey Tom. So your offshore wind is obviously different from really any other so far that it's going to be done, plan to be done in the regulated business. How do you know that that structure of it will be approved or could there be people that want to try to bid for it, et cetera. Could you talk about that?
Thomas Farrell: Sure. Well, we're the only one that owns the offshore lease. We own 100% of the offshore lease, we pay for it in the auction, nobody else can build a wind farm off of Virginia. Governor Northam if you I guess couple of months ago now called for the construction of this wind farm because it's his intention to help Virginia developed into the center of the offshore wind industry along the East Coast and that's a challenge that we embrace. And he specifically said that he recognized that there may be some who want to push back on that, whether it was necessary required or a good thing for Virginia that he was going to work very hard to ensure that public policy and regulatory supports in place to carry out this plan. And it was only after those statements that we went ahead with our announcements, the full deployment. Although we had been working obviously because we filed for the PJM interconnection agreement. So there's obviously a process in front of us, we are highly confident that it will be carried out to fruition. There is a lot of public support from this for this project, including from political leaders on both sides of the political fence, both Democrats and Republicans want to see this thing happen. So we have, obviously there are long way to go on it, but we have high confidence level in it going forward. It'll be the only offshore wind farm in Federal Waters. It will not be visible from the shoreline. So you don't have any of these visual impacts of concern people. Environmental community is very supportive of the project going forward. The economic development people In Tidewater, Virginia are very supportive of this going forward. So, obviously, we don't have any guarantees of that Steve but we have a very high confidence level in the outcome.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And congratulations to all those receiving promotions here, another number. But perhaps just to pile on this offshore wind question, and perhaps the compliment that you talk about finding ways to mitigate costs to consumers, can you talk a little bit more precisely about the game plan first for qualifying on the tax credit front, just given the longevity of the plan, but if you're starting today, in theory, you should qualify the sum of it and then and then separately, when you come out with some more definitive plans and filings except maybe following the last question here to actually pursue this at the SEC level?
Thomas Farrell: Well, let me just give you a macro answer, Julien. And the folks who got the promotions are in the room, they heard your congratulations. On a macro base and I'll turn over to Paul Koonce. We are very concerned here about customer rates. It's something we focused on all the time. And because our goal is to ensure that our customer rate stays very competitive, well below national averages below the regional averages, they are now and we intend for them to stay that way including with the construction of this wind farm. So we will be working very hard with the fabricators, developers, installers. We will be the operators to ensure that we get the cost down as low as we can as we go ahead, which will be important for everybody involved helping us with the project. So with that, I'll turn it over to Paul.
Paul Koonce: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, Julien. Again, just to follow up on Tom's comments about costs, I think that's one of the key reasons why we broke the project up in three phases, so that we could continue to let the supply chain mature, let the costs continue to come down, so that the impact rates are minimized. Just in terms of ITC, and safe harboring, of course as you know in order to qualify for ITC, a treatment for an offshore wind farm you have to begin in construction this year. We're looking at that, we don't have anything to comment about that, but we're aware of that timing. There may be some things that we can do to safe harbor certain of those costs. So we're before more to come on that in 2020. In terms of plans and filings we're not as Tom said, we're going to file for the BOEM application this time next year. We're not prepared to say exactly when we're going to file for the SEC application. But I can tell you that we will be conducting many public meetings over the course of 2020. As we make the environmental assessment, obviously, marine lives, plant and birds, we will be doing ocean mapping and will be doing geotech analysis or sub-service analysis. So you will begin to see all that sort of play out in 2020. And I think that will be a good way to sort of pace when we might expect to make an SEC filing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But just to clarify the last question too, how much of this is in the five-year window as you see it, perhaps Phase 1 if you will?
Thomas Farrell: Julien, as mentioned, we've got $1.1 billion in total in our five-year plan as we walk through in March and for now that's the number.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: That $7 million is added to that?
Thomas Farrell: That’s right, everything else comes in 2024, 2025, 2026.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, all right. Fair enough, excellent and then just to clarify the prior one on 40, the order does  that change the criteria that the SEC is going to be applying in that process?
Paul Koonce: Julien, this is Paul. The GTSA finds that offshore wind is in the public interest. Now the SEC  process is well known whether they and how they conduct a market test anytime, we build generation for the benefit of our ratepayers, there's a certain process that we follow and that's the process we know well and we'll just step to that when that time comes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks for the patience guys.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks guys. Shah’s question was like the question from back to school, one question but in 27 parks right? On ACP, when I first read the release, I felt like it was kind of my first reaction was, this is kind of negative. It looks like there could be slippage in the biological permit, but now that I'm hearing your commentary on it, I feel less. I guess we should feel less concerned because you feel like even if the, even if the permit comes in, after the turn of the year, you've scrubbed your construction costs forecasts and you still feel like you can move the schedule around and comment on budget?
Thomas Farrell: Thanks, Greg. I'll turn it over to Diane Leopold, who spends a lot of her life working on the Atlantic Coast pipeline. Diane?
Diane Leopold : Yes, when we looked at it, I think you haven't exactly right. When we gave guidance earlier this year, we looked at a lot of different scenarios and a lot of different contingencies to try to capture a variety of outcomes, including going to the Supreme Court, including when we would restart construction. And so just given looking at the different segments of the pipeline, we feel comfortable with that, we are well within what we've incorporated for both cost and schedule at this point.
Greg Gordon: Can you give us some sense of why the permit may have slipped a few more months? Is it just that they're being extra careful to make sure that they comply with all the nuances of the remand and don't get another stay or is there something else going on?
Thomas Farrell: Greg, I don't think we're trying to imply that we think the permit is slipped. What we're trying to say is, even if it does, work still on the schedule and cost.
Greg Gordon: Okay, great. My last question…
Thomas Farrell: I think it’s going to slip.
Greg Gordon: Okay, sorry. I'm sorry if I misconstrue that. The last part of my question, you talked to negotiations with the offtakers on the pipe who are mainly utilities. This is a demand driven pipe, they need the gas, which is why you're building it. It's not a supply push situation. I think investors are concerned that with the cost overruns, this winds up being a pipe that doesn't earn its cost of capital. But you seem to be positioning it in such a way that you should be able to potentially share the burden of those unexpected cost increases with the utilities who are taking the capacity. So can you talk through like how much of that you are, you think you'll be able to share given the unforeseen delays in the pipe and what type of return we should expect on the pipe, if you're successful?
Diane Leopold : Yes, this is Diane Leopold again, I won't get into the actual expected project returns, I will tell you, as Tom said, in the actual script, the customers very much need this pipeline for regional security, for their own customers needs. This is clearly a demand driven pipeline. And we are in very constructive negotiations with the customer for fair rates to their customers as well as fair returns for us and more comfortable with the returns that we’ll get for the pipeline.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you very much.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, guys.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Christopher Turnure: Tom, I think you spent a lot of time in your prepared remarks on the political environment in Virginia. And kind of how you guys are thinking about that in the legislation from last year, but could you give us an update to both the South Carolina and North Carolina or pardon me, South Carolina, Virginia regulatory environments right now and political environments, and also just the latest on your South Carolina regulatory strategy for next year?
Thomas Farrell: Sure. We announced the South Carolina the SCANA merger, I guess late in, I guess it was 2017. And then spent the year 2018 going through the process and it was a relatively hot political climate in South Carolina over because the SCANA and Santee Cooper’s cancellation of the expansion of the summer business plans. We went through that whole process very transparently, answered all the questions, went to all the meetings. And then, as we closed the transaction, we said to policymakers that our intention was to stay out of the headlines through our blocking and tackling provide reliable service, both gas and electric at reasonable and much reduced electric rates and just be part of the community.  That was our goal. And that's exactly what's happened in the State of South Carolina. Things are very moving along very well there, progressing well. We're out of the headlines except when we do things in the communities we serve, including the extraordinarily prompt restoration of the loss of electricity for 40% of our customers got all their lights back in three days. All that helps, the community understand their new neighbor. We will be filing a rate case next year, we are under earning in South Carolina, it’s well known to everybody and we're formulating and completing that regulatory strategy now but we will be filing in IT May.
James Chapman: We can file before May 1.
Thomas Farrell: Before May 1 of 2020. Now I'm sorry, in North Carolina. We have a rate case file in North  Carolina, we have settled all but one or two, we consider them to be relatively small issues got agreed on 9.75% ROE, very constructive regulatory environment and economic development environment in North Carolina.
Christopher Turnure: And in Virginia, if the legislature stays Republican, would that change some of the plans that you've been talking about today, or kind of shift your capital spending at all in different direction?
Thomas Farrell: No, we have a long history of working with whatever parties in the majority in whatever the two houses, Democratic Governors, Republican Governors, Democratic leaders and Republican leaders, so not to expect any changes to our plan.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, and then my second question is just on equity needs going forward. I think you partially addressed this in your prepared remarks. But will the sale of existing stake in Cove Point mean that you will not need any equity, internal or external for the next several years?
James Chapman: Yes, going back to our, it’s Jim. Going back to our guidance from our analyst day back in March, we had shown a projection through 2021 that had equity component to support our regulated capital spending of $300 million of DRIP as on and $300 million to $500 million per year of ATM. So all the number of programs. With the Cove financing, we are using 100% of those proceeds by year-end $2 billion to pay down parent level debt as I mentioned, but we will effectively offset the ATM portion of that prior guidance in 2020 and 2021. So taking to midpoint of that $300 million to $500 million, is $400 million, so that goes to zero. But the DRIP, the DRIP is always on. So that will be the only remaining program that's active for equity in those years.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, that's clear. Thank you.
James Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: On Cove Point -- good morning. Is there any interest in selling an additional stake in Cove Point at this point or is just now you're now at the minimum desired level of ownership?
James Chapman: Thank you for that question. There's no interest in our desired outcome.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And in the discussions with the ACP customers, I just wanted to be clear that the talks are over the cost increases above the I think $6.25 billion that's currently in the agreement embedded in current agreements?
Diane Leopold : Yes, I won't disclose anything in the contract, but it's basically negotiating cost increases up to the current anticipated level.
Michael Weinstein: And is there anything you can say about what those contracts obligate each party at, on the face of it at this point before negotiations?
Diane Leopold : No, no, we don't want to disclose that thing.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, and just one last question I had is about the renewable tariff, I think you know had some major C&I customers in Virginia looking for alternative suppliers and have you guys has Virginia -- has the Virginia utility received permission to have its own renewable tariff at this point, so they can compete against these renewable suppliers?
Thomas Farrell: I will ask Bob Blue to answer that question.
Robert Blue: And Michael, it’s Bob. We have pending an application for a 100% renewable energy tariff, as you know in Virginia law, our customers can seek service from a competitive service provider unless utility has 100% renewable tariff we filed for one earlier this year. But hearing on that in November, the State Corporation Commission staff filed their testimony yesterday and did not raise significant objections to our proposal and the one that we have filed is modeled closely on one that was approved not earlier by the Commission. So we feel very good about where that will go.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to view the earnings press release, a slide presentation that will follow this morning's prepared remarks and additional quarterly disclosures. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting, and the Investor Relations team will be available immediately after the call to answer additional questions.  The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit. Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the Executive management team. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
James Chapman: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported second quarter 2019 operating earnings of $0.77 per share compared to our guidance range of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. Performance across our businesses was aided by better-than-normal weather, which increased utility earnings by about $0.02 per share. Adjusted for normal weather, operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.75 per share, which is also the midpoint of our guidance range. Operating segment performance for the second quarter is shown on Slide 4.  GAAP earnings for the quarter are $0.05 per share, which were driven primarily by charges related to the SCANA integration and the voluntary retirement program, which I will discuss in a moment. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. I will now provide updates on several ongoing initiatives. Turning to Slide 5. As announced at our Investor Day in March, we continue to work towards completing the restructuring of our reporting segments. During our fourth quarter earnings call early next year, we expect to provide our 2019 full year results as well as our 2020 guidance in conformity with these updated segments. As discussed previously, we believe that this new reporting structure will make our company more transparent to all stakeholders and will highlight the premium nature of each of our distinct businesses. Similar to last quarter, the Alternate Breakdown Structure or ABS will be posted to our Investor Relations website shortly after this call. This document provides a preliminary view of our future intended reporting segment results. The ABS, which is not reflective of how we currently manage our businesses, is not intended to replace Dominion Energy's current operating segment disclosures. Turning to Slide 6. We have concluded the previously announced voluntary retirement program or VRP. Though some retirements will become effective only in the coming months, most of our colleagues who elected to participate have already begun to enjoy their retirement. Roughly 12% of our total workforce elected to participate, which compares to an average annual retirement rate over the last 5 years of just over 3%. We, of course, wish them all the best in retirement and also thank them for their many years of dedicated service. We expect this VRP to be impactful to our company and our workforce in a number of ways, in particular as we embark on industry-leading innovation initiatives highlighted by Tom and other members of our senior management team at our Investor Day in March.  As it relates to thinking about the potential financial impact of the program, I would ask that you note the following: first, while the VRP's financial impacts are incremental to our previously announced Flat O&M initiative, I reiterate my comments from the first quarter call that these savings should not be considered passive to existing earnings guidance. Rather the savings from the VRP are available to overcome potential unexpected challenges and derisk the execution of our earnings growth plan. We view this approach as supportive of our objective to consistently and predictively deliver results in line with our guidance, which we expect would be a driver of premium equity valuation. Second, the bottom line impact of this program will be influenced by near-term backfilling of up to 1/3 of the vacated positions given operational and safety requirement. Further, O&M savings in our regulated businesses accrue to our customers immediately, in the case of rider programs and over longer time frames via rate proceedings. Finally, VRP savings in our Southeast Energy Group are supportive of the expected transaction accretion of approximately $0.10 per share in each of the first two years following merger closing. Turning to financing. In June, we successfully placed approximately $1.6 billion in equity-linked units, consistent with our financing plan guidance. Due to a high-quality order book that was many times oversubscribed, we were able to achieve record pricing in terms of spread to common yield for security of this type. As a reminder, this transaction does not result in any near-term common stock issuance, and the financial impacts of this issuance were already contemplated in our existing earnings guidance.  As discussed during our Investor Day, over the next several years, on average, we continue to expect nonmarketed equity issuance via DRIP of about $300 million per year and via our aftermarket program of some $300 million to $500 million per year to help prudently fund our sizable regulated capital investment program. Moving now to operating earnings guidance on Slide 7. As usual, our operating earnings guidance ranges assume normal weather, variations from which could cause results to be towards the top or the bottom of these ranges. For the third quarter, we are initiating guidance of $1 to $1.20 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, the contribution from the Southeast Energy Group and the impact of O&M initiatives. Negative factors as compared to last year include the impact of 2018 asset sales, share issuances, timing of a farm-out and return to normal weather. As you evaluate the cadence of our quarterly earnings as compared to last year, particularly as it relates to the second half of the year, please keep in mind the following factors, some of which have been quantified on the right-hand side of Slide 7: the timing of the Millstone refueling outage, which occurred in spring this year as compared to the fall last year; the favorable net impact of PJM capacity prices, including our new Greensville power station's participation in the capacity market for the first time since it's in service late last year; the contribution of the Southeast Energy Group; earnings growth from continued regulated investment across electric and gas businesses; higher realized prices at our Millstone Power Station driven primarily by an expected October 1 effective date for the 10-year, 9 million megawatt-hour, zero-carbon contract with Connecticut utilities; and finally, the continuation of our Flat O&M and other expense control initiatives. We expect that savings from the VRP, net of the mitigants just discussed will be between $0.05 and $0.06 per share during the second half of this year. These savings are available to address unplanned challenges that may arise, for example, items like the $0.04 of negative weather experienced so far this year. We are also affirming our expectations for full year 2019 operating earnings per share between $4.05 and $4.40. Similarly, we also reiterate our long-term EPS growth expectation of approximately 5% per year through next year and 5%-plus thereafter. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. First, a reminder that safety is our first core value. It is at the heart of our corporate culture, and we will continue to improve until we achieve the only acceptable safety statistic, 0 injuries. Though 6 months remain, year-to-date safety results are consistent with the record-setting results we have achieved in the last few years.  Of particular note, the Southeast Energy Group overall safety performance has improved from what was already solid results, overcoming a loss of a colleague in the tragic event in Durham on April 10 from a third-party contractor and avoiding distractions from merger activities. I want to commend the women and men of the Southeast Energy Group who have responded so positively, providing safe, reliable and efficient delivery of energy to customers who are experiencing lower bills and seeing increased community giving, just as we committed prior to completion of the merger. Turning to Slide 9. Earlier this month, CNBC released their 2019 update to America's Top States for Business. We were pleased, though not surprised, to see 4 of our 5 primary state-regulated jurisdictions ranked in the top 10 of the list, including Virginia, which was recognized as the nation's #1 state for business. You might recall from our Investor Day that 65% to 70% of our company's expected 2020 operating earnings are from state-regulated operations centered around these 5 key states, including 40% to 45% attributable to our Virginia-phased utility. This is just one more validation of the theme we have highlighted regarding the differentiated nature of our high-quality regulated operations. Another topic we regularly highlight to all Dominion Energy stakeholders is our ongoing ESG efforts. We're continuously enhancing our strategy in this area and increasing our communications regarding the progress we have made and will continue to make. For example, to our knowledge, we were the first utility company, and we believe the only U.S. company in any sector, to hold a dedicated ESG-focused Investor Day meeting. We created a new Board-level Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee that oversees our approach to these matters. We have updated our emissions reduction goals to be more aggressive. We have improved our disclosures across-the-board, including inclusion of comparable ESG metrics. They are included in the appendix of these earnings call materials. We have directly engaged with our largest institutional investors outside of proxy season in discussions about Dominion's industry-leading positions on these issues. And we are only 1 of 3 utility companies that have implemented an environmental justice policy, which ensures that all stakeholders including local communities have a voice in decisions on infrastructure investments. We believe that as investors become increasingly discerning around ESG criteria, Dominion's industry-leading efforts will be rewarded with a differentiated positive investment outlook. I will turn now to recent updates related to our major investment initiatives. Earlier this month, we began construction of our $300 million offshore wind pilot project. The project was approved by Virginia regulators in November of last year and is a critical initial step in what has the potential to become a multiyear, multibillion dollar capital deployment in zero-carbon offshore wind energy. Recall that our Virginia offshore lease should accommodate over 2 gigawatts of generation capacity based on expected technology advancements, which is significantly more than what we have accounted for over our 5-year planning horizon. We continue to make progress on the $2 billion to $3 billion new pump storage facility. It would be an excellent complement to the intermittency of the increased wind and solar resources across our system. During the second quarter, we narrowed the search for a potential location, and we'll spend the remainder of this year and part of next conducting more extensive surveys. The Virginia General Assembly has found the construction of such a facility to be in the public interest. Next, relicensing of our existing regulated nuclear units in Virginia is an up to $4 billion capital program that supports safe, reliable and affordable energy for customers and is an important source of zero-carbon electricity production. During the second quarter, our nuclear station in Surry County generated its 500 billionth kilowatt-hour of zero-carbon electricity. Put that into context, 500 billion kilowatt-hours would power the entire state of Virginia for 5.5 years in a carbon-free manner. Later this week, we will file our first battery pilot program. We will pair batteries with solar facilities to begin the integration of peak shifting and clipping as well as test of reliability benefits of batteries on our distribution grid. On Slide 12, we have charted positive trends across 2 significant growth drivers for our power delivery business. On the left side, you can see the growth in electric transmission rate base, which will continue as we execute on the 5-year, $4.3 billion capital plan we shared at our Investor Day in March. These transmission investments improve system reliability to the benefit of our customers. On the right side, you see the impressive growth in data center capacity, which we also expect to continue for years to come. Our capital planning calls for $1.7 billion of investment associated with customer growth, including data centers over the next 5 years. And finally, with regard to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header. Our customers continue to meet this project's capacity to serve their existing customers, move toward a low-carbon future and enable new economic development. It is noteworthy that natural gas prices in the region that will be served by the project remain among the highest in the country. We are pleased that the Solicitor General filed an appeal to the Supreme Court of the Fourth Circuit Cowpasture decision as it relates to ACP's crossing underneath the Appalachian Trail. To date, 16 states, the AGA, INGA, the Chamber of Commerce, several unions, the National Association of Manufacturers, Mountain Valley Pipeline have all filed amicus briefs.  History indicates cases appealed by the Solicitor General have an approximately 70% chance of being considered. We expect that in October or November, the Supreme Court will schedule arguments to occur in the spring of next year with a final decision no later than June 2020. We are confident that the Fourth Circuit's ruling will be overturned. And though at present, we are not publicly discussing potential administrative or legislative alternatives, the options that have been described by the developers of the Mountain Valley Pipeline should be expected to be applicable to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We are disappointed that last week, the Fourth Circuit vacated the project's biological opinion. Over recent months, we have been taking steps to bolster the official record of the case in the event the court ruled negatively. These steps include the additional surveying of the rusty patched bumble bee along the Project corridor, which has been underway since mid-June. There's nothing in the court's opinion on the poor species that we expect would prevent the biological opinion from being reissued in time to recommence construction by year-end and complete critical path tree filling during the November through March window. We have included in the appendix a list of select outstanding regulatory reauthorizations, including resolution timing expectations. Based on the assumptions, our current project cost and in-service timing expectations remain consistent with the guidance we provided earlier this year on our fourth quarter earnings call. Before I complete my remarks, I would like to add my personal thanks and well wishes to our colleagues who have opted to retire on an accelerated timeline. Your legacy of living our core values will leave a lasting impression at Dominion Energy and you will be missed. With that, I will summarize today's release as follows: we are on track to achieve full year safety results that are consistent with the record-setting performances of recent years. We are actively engaged throughout the company on initiatives that are focused on creating shareholder, customer and other stakeholder value by making Dominion Energy more efficient, sustainable and transparent. We achieved operating earnings per share above, or on a weather-normalized basis, at the midpoint of our guidance range. We are affirming our full year operating earnings per share guidance and our long-term growth rates. Our key regulated jurisdictions stand apart as premium locations in which to do business. We are making progress across our capital investment programs to the benefit of our customers. And we have a strong environmental, social and governance track record and strategy, and we will continue to increase our engagement with customers, shareholders and other stakeholders on those topics. We will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Gregory Gordon: So two questions, one numbers related question. Looking at the adjustments from GAAP to operating. On an operating basis, you obviously had a really great quarter, congrats on that. But pretty significant charges associated with merger integrated -- merger and integration costs, the retirements, et cetera. Are those numbers consistent with your expectations for the year on the delta between GAAP and operating? And are there any significant incremental charges we should expect as adjustments for the balance of the year and going into 2020?
James Chapman: Yes, Greg. It's Jim, good morning, thanks. The future nonoperating charges are, of course, difficult to predict so we don' know exactly what those will be, it’s the nature of the beast. I would expect some continued charges related to our integration of SEG the former SCANA business mostly in terms of accounting systems and implementations and things along those lines. The major charges related to customer benefit, and VRP and related restructuring have been kind of tackled in the first half of this year. So some numbers would continue but they will be, we expect, more modest than what we've seen so far.
Gregory Gordon: My second question goes to your confidence in your ability to get the Fish and Wildlife Service to effectively mediate the concerns associated with this second certification of their permits from the Fourth Circuit. In reading that document, I've had varying opinions -- heard varying opinions on how high the hurdle is that the Fish and Wildlife Service needs to get over in order to issue a valid permit given some of the pretty strong language in that. While it was a detailed brief -- they gave very good detail as to why they felt that the decision was arbitrary and capricious. Some people's opinion that the standard that they've put the Fish and Wildlife Service to and the details of what they have problems with might be very difficult to meet. So could you just comment on why you think, based on your reading and your experts reading, that you can meet those hurdles with just more information on the three other species and adequately doing the survey on the bees. Sorry for such a long-winded question.
Thomas Farrell: Well, all right. Go ahead, Diane.
Diane Leopold: Okay. This is Diane Leopold. Really what I would say as we look at the 4 species is there was an enormous amount of information and analysis that went into the process to begin with while we were in formal consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Service. And based on the amount of information that they have and the surveys that we have completed, we believe based on -- there's nothing surprising that's coming out of it that would make us think that they cannot resolve it with the enormous amount of analysis and information that they have.
Thomas Farrell: I will just add one thing. The surveys -- the one issue they had is they didn't think enough surveys were done around the bees, and we've been doing those surveys since mid-June. They'll be done this quarter and there will be more than sufficient facts, we believe, to just by issuing the BL.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Could you guys maybe just give a little color on how you'd characterize your natural gas midstream system in light of some of the concerns on Appalachia gas? I know it's mainly regulated and with long-term contracts. But just obviously, you saw Blue Racer very timely. Just maybe give some color and context of that.
Diane Leopold: Diane Leopold again. What I would do is say that part of the reason that we divested Blue Racer is that really wasn't core to us. When we look at our gas infrastructure, our high focus in both our existing customers and our growth project has been in end-use markets, and end-use markets actually benefit from the low gas prices that you see. So while we understand the Appalachian gas prices are quite low, what that's done is it's driven a higher industrial growth in that region and more end use and PowerGen customers. So as Tom talked about in the Analyst Day back in March, a lot of our focus is towards the end use rather than the producers.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, great. And then I guess, the other question would be just on the savings for the voluntary retirement and the benefits of that. So when you look at unexpected pressures, the only one that I could think of right now would be ACP-related. I guess since they're unexpected, there's not any other that you see right now that could be out there in terms of dealing with using these benefits or needing the benefits.
James Chapman: Well, that's right, Steve. I mean, unexpected is unexpected so hard to comment. I mean we think about -- let's put it in context. So we mentioned -- I mentioned, and we have on the slide there that the net impact, none of the mitigants I described, for this year in the $0.05 to $0.06 range for the second half of the year. So you could easily annualize that for a year in the coming years. Of course, over time, that's given back to our customers through to rates [indiscernible]. For 2020, fair enough, think about double that amount, so it’s $0.10 to $0.12. So let's just put that in context. So $0.04 of weather hurt this year 6 months, we don't know what that will be the rest of the year. Or, of course, in 2020 that kind of thing stands ready to offset.  When it comes to ACP, as a reminder, our guidance on the contribution from ACP in 2018 last year was $0.07. This year, it's $0.11. Next year, we have a little more visibility but not on a granular basis yet regarding the exact timing of recommencement and the sculpting of capital spend through 2020. So what the contribution in 2020 is, we don't yet know exactly but call it mid-teens to high teens, at best, contribution. So the $0.10 to $0.12 stands available to offset various unforeseen challenges, but that kind of puts it in context versus ACP, which you're asking about, smaller.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one just clarification on that. The $0.10, $0.12, is that after any future kind of pass-through to customers through clauses and such? Is that -- that's just the net number that would not pass through?
James Chapman: Yes, that's right. I mean, over a number of years, that will go back to customers as mentioned. But for the near-term number, $0.05 to $0.06 is net of the amount that is immediately passed to customers through rider tax treatment. And that holds true for 2020 as well. After that, it tends to blend back to customers over time but for 2020, it is net of that factor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Real quick, Tom. You commented, Tom, a little bit on sort of briefly touched on the administrative path and potentially looking at like a land swap similar to what we've seen with MVP. Are there other sort of administrative solutions that you could be looking at outside of just the land swap?
Thomas Farrell: Yes, there are a number. And as we said before, we really don't want to get into a lengthy discussion about what all those options are. There has been some discussions from the developers of the MVP pipeline that as I've said a few minutes ago, we would expect all of those solutions to be available to us as well.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just from a timing perspective of when you're ready to discuss publicly the administrative or legislative path, is that sort of at a point when SCOTUS affirms whether they would hear this case or not?
Thomas Farrell: We're completely focused on that right now. This is -- the Fourth Circuit decision is a very poor precedent, we think, for energy policy in the United States, setting up a 2,000-mile-long barrier wall to bring energy resources from the Midwest and South, the western parts of the country into the East. Don't think that's what compressible intent was. So it's very important that the precedent not stand.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, okay. And then just -- I don't know if you can comment on this but there's obviously been some headlines around the retail business and potentially looking at a transaction down there. Is there anything you can elaborate on that, how the process is going?
James Chapman: Yes. Sure. let me give some color on that point. And obviously, for the norm, we don't really comment on material M&A. But I'm using color on the way we think about this. So we're always considering ways to create shareholder value to derisk our plan, to take our exposure to regulated and regulated-like businesses which now 95%, take it up towards 100%. So last year in 2018, obviously we made a lot of progress in that respect, as you know.  And this year, that continued but on a totally different scale. We're really focusing on that last 5%, for the most part, of things that are not core or not regulated or regulated-like. For example, we divested a 15-megawatt fuel cell asset we had in Connecticut in Bridgeport for $35 million this year. We also divested our stake in NedPower, the wind facility in West Virginia. The amount wasn't disclosed but is modest.  We're also fielding and thinking about what to do with another wind asset we own in Indiana, which is Fowler Ridge, no decisions there yet, early days. So that kind of thing, we're always thinking about it but it's very modest. Now I say that to put in context for retail, which is your question. So there are press reports about potential sales of our retail gas and -- there also, we've been fielding inbound inquiries on all of it, on the part that is in Georgia that was formerly SCANA business, on the legacy Dominion business. And we're thinking through that. There's certainly no decision.  But importantly, we're thinking about what to do generally, so it's not so focused on the process. Should we keep it as well? How can we grow it? Could there be ways to grow through JV, for example, or some other structure? So it's more thinking along the lines as opposed to, "Let's sell this thing," because we're probably not going to do that. It's not accretive. So no decisions, lots of thought processes. But no, nothing to share and not sure there will be.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then as we think about like redeployment of proceeds in case there is a process, is that strictly into delevering and strengthening the balance sheet?
James Chapman: I would call it yes, but I would put that in the kind of the general corporate when we're talking about not huge numbers in the scope of all of Dominion.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Just a couple of follow-up questions. The $0.10 to $0.12 of voluntary savings, the voluntary retirement savings, you said that you expect to eventually see it in a few years as the savings are shared with customers. How much do you think you'll retain though longer term once most of those savings have been shared?
James Chapman: Yes, Michael, we don't really have such a number. I mean it'll -- over the years, we don't have material rate cases with all that much frequency. So it will be chipped away over time, but we don't have a specific number to bifurcate between what's kept it long term and what's not.
Michael Weinstein: But just, I mean, roughly speaking, half, would you think, or below half or more than half maybe?
James Chapman: Half would be fair. We don't really have a number in mind.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then on -- how much capital has been put into ACP to date at this point? And what is the assumption that is going into that mid-teens EPS number that I think that you mentioned earlier from AFUDC next year?
James Chapman: Yes. As of June 30, the total cash invested capital is $3.4 billion from all parties from all forms. Now half of that is funded, as you know, with the construction facilities at the project level, and you'll see that in our quarterly reports, that's $1.7 billion, so twice that. The other half is just the total and the other half comes pro rata from the equity contributions from the sponsors worth 48% of that. So $3.4 billion is the total. The -- as I mentioned, we don't have available, at this time, granular guidance on the capital spend for the end of this year or the sculpting of it through 2020, but it assumes recommencement of construction by the tree clearing season in the fourth quarter this year.
Michael Weinstein: So when you say mid-teens on the next two years, that's sort of an assumption that you are going to get most of this built up into the Supreme Court decision?
James Chapman: It's mid- to high teens so mid would be with less under construction during 2020 or later in 2020, and higher would be again most of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps just to follow up on some of the last questions here. Can you talk a little bit more about what else might be considered sort of not necessarily noncore but as you think about kind of fine-tuning the portfolio here within the regulated bees. And more specifically, I'd be curious, given some of the developments here around Millstone that have been achieved, is there any way to derisk some of the volatility ahead as well over time, for instance, within that example?
Thomas Farrell: Well, I'll talk about Millstone. We have derisked Millstone with the legislative and regulatory solution that's in its final weeks right now with a very significant portion of the output being sold to the utilities for a 10-year period. So we'd consider that to be more than sufficient derisking of the Millstone asset. I'll let Jim and others answer the rest of the questions.
James Chapman: I think that's a good answer. And going back to the way I've started my answer to Shar, I mean, we don't comment on material M&A. But the review of real material things, which are noncore, including Blue Racer, as we talked about last year, and our last remaining fossil merchant plant last year, I mean, for big items, that pretty much exhaust the list.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just coming back to the question around VRP, I know it's been asked a few different ways. But as you look in the back of this year, could you think about like the pluses and minuses here? Clearly, it's a big plus. Any offsets in terms of execution? That it sounds like that's already been largely recognized in the first half to achieve this? And maybe the punchline is how do you think about this trending for the full year '19, given the 3Q guidance you've already issued and what that means for 4Q as well.
James Chapman: Okay. Let me talk about that a little bit. I know it's a little bit funny to talk about that savings as being kind of available for unforeseen headwinds, whether it's the most prevalent. We always talk about the potentially material impact of weather now in Virginia and South Carolina on our earnings guidance ranges and where we end up. So it's hard to point any one thing because we feel pretty good about where we are at this stage, given what's to come in the next 2 quarters.  And let me address that a little more. So last year, as we sat here on our second quarter call and we looked at kind of what was remaining, what we needed to do after our first two quarters to get to the midpoint of our guidance range, we needed $2.03. So this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the cadence is different. We have a back-end loaded profile to our EPS accrual through the second half of the year. So last year was $2.03. This year, it's $2.36, so bigger company, more earnings, but we also need have a little bit of catch-up, it's back-end loaded.  The reasons for that and the reasons we are comfortable with that are these things that are generally set out in that right-hand side of Page 7 in our deck. So the Millstone outage, $0.08 to $0.10. Last year was in fourth quarter, and for the most part, this year, done in spring. The net capacity expansion, PJM with Greensville in the next now starting in June, $0.06 to $0.08. The VRP also in the mix, $0.05 to $0.06. Southeast Energy Group didn't have it last year, $0.04 to $0.06.  And then another basket of things are smaller but regulated investment across our utility business for the next 6 months: the Millstone PPA we mentioned, assuming that comes into place October 1; and then the continued impact of O&M to the next 6 months. So in our minds, we don't really have one thing that the VRP will offset. It's just there and available. So we anticipate Julien that a question, which was what if nothing comes up this year or next year? And there also, we're saying, I've said that it's not additive to our guidance.  So if nothing comes up and we're in the lucky position of not having any headwinds that aren't expected or such event, what I would do is identify areas in O&M to advance spending in order to use that VRP savings to derisk our guidance, our earnings guidance for a longer period of time. So not a very direct answer to your question but that's the way we think about the VRP savings and what it will potentially help us with over the next period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So maybe said differently, 2019, there's a lots of puts and takes. You feel very comfortable still. I don't want to put words directly in your mouth for '19. And then you've been a story for '20, again, this is going to be more about accelerating forward O&M that you might otherwise need, for instance, in '21 or something.
James Chapman: Yes, if no other headwinds pop up, that's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Just had one follow-up on Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Assuming that a revised biological opinion and incidental take statement is issued but is stayed by the court yet again, what would the next process steps be at that point? Is there an appeal process or where would you go at that point if the unrevised is yet again stayed?
Thomas Farrell: Well, you can do a preliminary -- you can appeal a stay. You can -- need to tell, it will depend on what the stay was for if one was entered at all. Would it be the entire 600 miles or would it be a segment? Also it's kind of difficult to answer that question. There are a variety of remedies we can pursue but without a real detailed issue, it's hard to answer that question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Moving a little bit away from ACP, wanted to touch on offshore wind. I know you talked about it and emphasized on the call the opportunity on offshore wind. Firstly, wanted to understand the economics that you're seeing and the benefits you're seeing on the technology side. And given the investment that you've talked about as a potential opportunity, is that going to put pressure on bills and would that constrain the opportunities? So just a little bit color on that will be helpful.
Paul Koonce: This is Paul Koonce. Of course, we're under construction on the two offshore wind turbines now, doing the onshore construction next summer will complete the two test turbines. In terms of the offshore wind economics, we've been watching very closely what's been happening throughout New England. I would say that the life cycle cost equivalent, LCOE, in those markets have been, call it, $85 and potentially higher. There's some speculation what may happen with production tax credits for offshore wind. Might they be renewed or not? We don't know.  In Virginia, we're looking at the need to get the life cycle cost equivalent down closer to maybe the $80 range, which means we need to see about a 15% to 20% capital cost improvement. We think that those costs can move in that direction once we stand up the U.S. supply chain. That's been a real benefit that they've seen in Europe is being able to scale up the supply chain.  And we also think that the development of larger turbines, 11 megawatt and greater, will drop those costs down closer to what we think we need in order to really see the build-out in Virginia. So we're watching all of that very closely. We think the time frame that we have in mind, which is '23, '24 and kind of beyond, we think that those cost reductions are achievable. So we're bullish but we're going to do what's right for our customers.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's super helpful color. Just can you put in context what could be the size of the opportunity from an investment perspective post that 2022, '23 time frame?
Paul Koonce: Well, I think what we said at the March 25, really, we've only given sort of guidance out to 2023, which is $1.1 billion. Now $300 million of that $1.1 billion is the offshore wind pilot that we're doing. That leaves $800 million to go toward the first phase. But I think in round numbers, we've said in excess of 2,000 megawatts. The limiting factor becomes sort of the wake effect that you have with 1 turbine sort of stacked up behind the second. But we clearly see line of sight in excess of 2,000 megawatts. And I would pencil out maybe a $3,000 per kilowatt-hour installed. And if you do that, you come up with a sizable investment but that would be out over the entire decade.
Operator: This concludes our time for Q&A. I'll now turn it back to our speakers for closing comments.
Steven Ridge: Thank you for everyone's time this morning. We know it's a busy earnings day and the Investor Relations team is available, of course, to answer questions throughout the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steven Ridge, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Steven Ridge: Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy. I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website to view the earnings press release, a slide presentation that will follow this morning's prepared remarks and additional quarterly disclosures. Schedules and the earnings release kit are intended to answer detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting and the Investor Relations team will be available immediately after the call to answer additional questions. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which we are able to calculate and report, are contained in the earnings release kit. Joining today's call are Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of the management team. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Chapman: Thanks, Steve. Good morning. Dominion Energy reported first quarter 2019 operating earnings of $1.10 per share compared to our guidance range of $1.05 to $1.25 per share. Otherwise strong performance across our businesses was impacted by unusually mild weather in Virginia and South Carolina, which reduced utility earnings by about $0.06 per share. As a general indicator, heating degree days were 5% and 19% below normal in Virginia and South Carolina respectively. Various initiatives, primarily in power delivery and power generation were successful in offsetting some of this headwind and when adjusted for utility weather of $0.06, operating earnings for the quarter were $1.16 per share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance range. Operating segment performance for the first quarter is shown on slide 4. GAAP earnings for the quarter are negative $0.86 per share, which were driven primarily by the expected charges related to SCANA merger commitments and the early retirement of certain cold reserve Virginia utility-generating units. Slide 5 highlights the pretax drivers of adjustments to reported earnings. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule two of the earnings release kit. On March 25, we held two sessions for investors that provided updates on capital investment, earnings and dividend growth outlook, financing plans, expense control initiatives, as well as the first-of-its-kind sustainability and ESG-focused sessions, highlights of which are shown on slide 6. It is worth noting that we continue to have full confidence in the earnings growth and other targets we've highlighted during those meetings. We are very happy with the in-person and online attendance and thank all of those who were able to participate and provided feedback following the event. Please note that the meeting materials including the webcast replay continue to be available on our website, which we encourage all to review thoroughly. Also during this quarter, we continue to be engaged across a number of important though less public initiatives as follows: First, as announced at our Investor Day, we are preparing to restructure our reporting segments, a meaningful change to the way we manage our businesses and report their financial performance. We continue to forecast that this transition will take until late 2019 to complete. The Alternate Breakdown Structure or ABS, provides a preliminary view of our future intended reporting segment results and will be posted shortly after this call to our Investor Relations website. The ABS, which is not reflective of how we currently manage our business, is not intended to replace Dominion Energy's current operating segment disclosures. Second, progress is being made on our flat O&M and voluntary retirement program initiatives discussed at the end of March. We're very intentionally combing through each of our segments, all of our assets in every location to identify opportunities to embrace technology, increase efficiency, improve business processes, and enhance the customer experience. Results of the voluntary retirement program discussed at our Investor Day, including response rates from eligible employees an assessment of backfill needs and financial impacts are still being quantified although I would note that preliminary response rate was robust. We expect to be able to quantify these results on the next quarter's call. Moving now to operating earnings guidance on slide 7. As usual, our operating earnings guidance ranges assume normal weather variations from which could cause results to be towards the top or the bottom of these guidance ranges. For the second quarter, we are initiating guidance of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs as well as a contribution from the Southeast Energy Group. Negative factors as compared to last year include Millstone refueling outage timing, the impact of 2018 asset sales, share issuances and a return to normal weather. We're also affirming our expectation for full year 2019 operating earnings per share between $4.05 and $4.40. Positive 2019 full year drivers relative to last year, include the growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, contribution from the Southeast Energy Group, a full year of Cove Point Liquefaction operations at run-rate production levels and expense control initiatives. Negative drivers relative to last year are expected to include the impact of the 2018 non-core assets sales, share issuances and a return to normal weather. Finally, we also reiterate our long-term EPS growth expectations of approximately 5% per year through 2020 and 5% plus thereafter. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thank you Jim, and good morning. On April 10, we were tragically reminded of the everyday risks our colleagues face when a fellow employee was fatally injured as a result of a gas line rupture caused by an unrelated third-party contractor installing fiber in Durham, North Carolina. We are deeply saddened by the loss of this dedicated employee. Our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to all who were impacted, including the family of the store owner who also perished in the incident. Turning to business updates. We've provided a comprehensive update at our recent Investor Day meetings, so my remarks are brief. First, a reminder that safety is our core value. It is at the heart of our corporate culture and we will continue to improve until we achieve the only acceptable safety statistic, zero injuries. Turning now to slide 8. As highlighted at our Investor Day, we operate premium state-regulated utilities that center around five key states, which account for 65% to 70% Dominion Energy's projected operating income. During the first quarter, we saw a continued development of positive utility fundamentals across each jurisdiction. In Virginia, we set a company record for new data center connects and had the most total new customer connections in the first quarter since 2012. In South Carolina, our quarter-over-quarter customer growth was 1.7% for electric operations, which is the highest quarterly growth rate since 2008. Gas customer growth was 3.1% which is in line with pre-recession levels of growth. Gas distribution utilities in Utah and North Carolina reported strong customer growth of around 2.5% each. And in Ohio, we saw 1.3% growth in throughput levels driven in part by the lowest unemployment rate in Ohio in the last 18 years. These summary metric highlights -- the summary metrics highlight the opportunities we have to deploy capital in regulated programs that allow us to provide best-in-class customer service across our regulated footprint. I will now review recent developments across the company. Last month, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved rider recovery under our US-3 application, which represents 240 megawatts cost of service sold with a $410 million capital investment through 2020. We also announced a partnership with Facebook that includes six solar projects, totaling 350 megawatts and approximately $600 million of investment also through 2020. In coming weeks, we will begin construction on the $300 million Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project, which was approved by the Commission last November. These developments support the commitment we have made to have 3000 megawatts solar or wind resource in operation or under development in the state of Virginia by 2022. On April 9, we celebrated the one-year anniversary for commercial service of the Cove Point liquefaction facility. In its first year, the plant liquefied over 200 billion cubic feet of natural gas and met over 90% of customer nominations. That success rate improved to 100% during the first quarter of this year. In addition to an extra quarter of operation, Cove Point's record of sustained strong operational performance will contribute to our 2019 financial results relative to last year. With regard to Millstone, two weeks ago we hosted Governor Lamont and his team at the plant to celebrate the 10-year agreement, signed on March 15 to provide critical zero-carbon power to the state and region. We expect regulatory approval of the agreement later this year and the contract to become effective shortly thereafter. We will resume the practice of providing hedging information for Millstone once the contract is approved and effective. We are entering our fifth month of integrating the Southeast Energy Group. Our team members are working diligently across geographies to socialize best practices and introduce common systems where needed. While these integrations are major undertakings, we are advantaged by lessons learned from our Questar integration. We remain focused on ensuring that throughout the process we provide a safe and reliable customer experience. Turning now to slide 10. At our investor meeting in March, we announced that we are permanently retiring several generating units, most of which have been placed into cold reserve. Many of these units were designed to consume coal and this step will help us achieve our recently updated company-wide emissions targets shown here. Our new targets include a 55% and 80% reduction in gross carbon emissions from our electric generation fleet by 2030 and 2050, respectively. We also have an ambitious methane reduction goal that calls for a 50% reduction in gross emissions from our gas infrastructure business by 2030. These represent meaningful progress beyond our company's already impressive achievements over the last decade. On a related note we're pleased that earlier this week the SCC approved all 11 of our proposed demand-side management programs citing the Grid Transformation & Security Act support for those programs. As a reminder these program costs including a margin are recoverable. Additional ESG information is included in the appendix for your review. And finally, with regard to Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header. As shown on slide 11 an appeal to the Supreme Court with regard to the Appalachian Trail crossing will be filed before the end of the second quarter. We believe that the Solicitor General of the United States will join that appeal. We continue to pursue legislative and administrative options as well. Oral arguments on the biological opinion case are scheduled for next week with a decision expected within 90 days. We expect to recommence construction on the project in the third quarter. There has not been any change to expect the time line or costs since our last earnings call or Investor Day meeting. In summary, we achieved weather normalized operating earnings per share above the midpoint of our guidance range. We are affirming our full year operating earnings per share guidance. We continue to see strong growth fundamentals in our state regulated utility footprints. We continue to make progress across our capital investment programs to the benefit our customers and we have a strong environmental social and governance story. And we will continue to increase our engagement with customers, shareholders and other stakeholders on those topics. With that, we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Greg Gordon Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: Two questions. One -- and I appreciate if you're limited in how much you can answer this. But as it pertains to options for ACP, it's probably as if not more frustrating for investors as it is for you to watch this political process delay what is obviously a necessary piece of infrastructure. But the way that this -- that you're going to face construction here, is it possible that the portion of the pipeline that's impacted by the biological permit, assuming that that's resolved and you complete construction, could still become a functioning infrastructure asset by backhauling gas off Transco and still serve your customers should you have an extensive period of uncertainty with regard to resolving the Appalachian Trail issue?
Tom Farrell: Greg, I'll start the answer. And Diane, can fill in any details. The Transco backhaul solution is not a solution, does not meet our customers' needs on any kind of long-term basis. Our customers need infrastructure from a different supply basin. For example, the state of North Carolina has exactly one pipeline that serves the entire state, Transco. That's why the policy-makers in North Carolina ask for additional gas infrastructure to be built into North Carolina that is not Transco. It's in addition to Transco's lines. We have full confidence in the biological opinion case. The Forest Service follow the guidelines that were given to them by the court and completed that reissuing of the biological opinion. And so we'll see what happens, but we believe we'll be under construction in the third quarter. Diane you can answer additional points on the timing.
Diane Leopold: No. We are talking with the customers and we have looked at phased-in service and we will -- we're in active negotiations with them. They have reaffirmed the need for a permanent solution to be able to have the independent infrastructure and supply to meet their needs.
Greg Gordon: Great. And just as a follow-up to that the -- you're very clear in your presentation that that Supreme Court path is the primary path here to hopefully get a solution. You continually allude to these other potential administrative options, but haven't wanted to "negotiate against yourselves" in public by articulating what they might be. Is there anything at this point that you can articulate with regard to those solutions? Or are you still not feeling like that's appropriate to discuss?
Tom Farrell: Greg, there are several. But at this point we think it's better to stand where we are.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thanks. And then finally, I know it's extremely early in the year, but do you still feel comfortable that the guidance range -- the midpoint of the guidance range reflects a good baseline for the year?
Jim Chapman: Hey Greg. It's Jim. Yes we do.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Chris Turnure, JP Morgan.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. Jim, I think you made it very clear that you're working hard on the cost-cutting effort here and that you'll have the quantitative details for us next quarter. But I'm wondering if you can help us understand by segment kind of where those cost cuts might be able to fall through to your bottom line or benefit you and if there would be a material amount of upfront cash costs that would be excluded from adjusted EPS?
Jim Chapman: Good morning. Yes. Thanks for that. We do look forward to providing more update on the second quarter in particular as it relates to our voluntary retirement program which we announced at our Investor Day on March 25. But there really are two parts of this. One is a continuation that what we've been talking about since the last call, which is a flat O&M initiative and which is across our business segments. And that really relates to a large number of small improvements across as I mentioned in my prepared remarks every segment, every location, every asset: leaning in on technology opportunities finding better business processes et cetera. That flat O&M is on a normalized basis. And by that I mean that some of the savings will fall to the bottom line. And some of that in particular as it relates to the rider O&M, for example, accretes to the benefit of the customer. But we do expect flat O&M to be a driver for the foreseeable future on a bottom-line basis for our earnings per share growth. For the voluntary retirement plan, there are a lot of moving parts there. As I mentioned, we had a robust response from our employees to the option we provided them. I mentioned at Analyst Day that in the last iteration of this kind of program at Dominion which was long ago 2010, we had roughly a 10% acceptance rate from all of our employees. So, what we've done this time is we've offered the same type of program to union and non-union employees where they have the ability to retire and receive their accrued retirement benefits whatever they may be in addition to severance which is in line with policy which could be in various cases up to 12 months of severance. So, the way that will work is the severance payment will likely be treated as a one-time item, but the resulting savings in lower O&M cost from the VRP will begin to be recognized in our operating earnings starting soon after the second quarter.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. And is it fair to say that even though you've had kind of preliminary positive indications on acceptance and the success rate here this is all kind of in line with the plan that you laid out just a month ago now?
Jim Chapman: Yes. The VRP which we started to talk about in public a month ago or so that is additive to the flat O&M initiative. But it is within our earnings guidance and stands ready to overcome any unexpected headwinds or things like $0.06 of weather that we incurred in the first quarter. It is a positive, but it's within the guidance range for the year.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein, Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call. A quick question on the solar. For the solar -- for the contracted solar that you get the ITC for are you planning to Safe Harbor anything this year for that program? Would you benefit from safe harboring the ITC at a 30% level going forward?
Jim Chapman: Morning. Michael I don't believe the safe harboring really applies in our case. I mean we're pretty quick to transact on these construction projects in Virginia as they arrive. So, safe harboring is not really a factor in our case in Virginia.
Michael Weinstein: Do those benefits get passed to the customer -- to your customers? Or you do get to keep them in effect? Or does it -- are the contracts basically earning the same ROE regardless?
Paul Koonce: Yes. Michael this is Paul Koonce. The earnings impact I mean when we think about Safe Harbor -- as Jim said I mean we're bringing these contracts to market. We're not really sort of in a position to build a backlog of contracts because the need is immediate. Tom announced the Facebook transaction. We have a number of others that are in the pipeline. And as soon as we can get those contracts finalized then we'll be announcing and bringing those contracts to service.
Jim Chapman: And Michael just to reiterate what we outlined at the Analyst Day was a run rate ITC recognition of about of 10% to 15% -- $0.10 to $0.15, I'm sorry, per year which is not really a significant increase from where we were last year. And really 100% of that is related to what Paul just discussed. This kind of investment on behalf non-jurisdictional customers in Virginia that PPA structure that helps us in part achieve the 3000-megawatt commitment we've made in Virginia by 2022.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Got you. It's a very limited program. It's very structured so doesn't really pay I guess to try to get ahead of the market with the safe harbored ITC.
Jim Chapman: I agree.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you. That's it for now. Thanks.
Jim Chapman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Shar Pourreza, Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. How are you doing?
Tom Farrell: Morning.
Jim Chapman: Morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just a real quick update or just to follow-up on ACP. And obviously fully understand why you don't want to negotiate with yourself as far as administrative or legislative. But as investors are sort of thinking about the timing, are you sort of waiting for a SCOTUS affirmation that they would take on the case, before coming out with something – before disclosing what the administrative fix is? Or are they – so I guess how are we thinking about the timing and versus what SCOTUS' decision is?
Tom Farrell: It's a very perceptive question. I think we need to just stand pat with what we've said about Atlantic Coast Pipeline Supply Header for now. We're working through the process. As Greg Gordon mentioned a few minutes ago, it's been a very frustrating process. But we are winding our way through it. Calendar is slipping and we're making progress. We believe that the Solicitor General will join us in this appeal no guarantee of that. We believe that he will that has a very high percentage of acceptance by the Supreme Court. When that occurs – and that'll take some additional time and there are other avenues that we just feel it's better not to talk about right at the moment.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just to follow-up there was – is MVP sort of a read-through on the timing for ACP? And are you collaborating working with sort of the MPC owners when you think about an administrative fix?
Tom Farrell: I don't think MVP's a read-through to ACP.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then just lastly, around the coal impairments and how we should sort of think about the upcoming rate review in Virginia?
Tom Farrell: You mean, are they -- will they be expense of that write-off be included and counted against earnings? Is that the question?
Paul Koonce: Yes. Perfect.
Tom Farrell: The answer is yes.
Shahriar Pourreza : All right. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Just curious a handful of things. First of all, when you think about kind of the next three or four years roughly how much incremental solar capacity? Can you remind me of this? Do you expect to own in Virginia versus having PPA?
Paul Koonce: Yes. Michael, this is Paul Koonce. We committed to the Governor last year to develop 3,000 megawatts to have that either in service or in development by 2022. The Grid Transformation & Security Act also calls on us to purchase 25% of that amount from third parties. So the way we think about it, 75% of the 3000 megawatts that we've committed will be Dominion-owned. Now that will be a combination of both rate-based solar like US-3 that was just approved by the Commission and it will include bilateral agreements with customers such as Facebook or others. So it'll be a combination of those two. I would expect that, you would see somewhere on the order of 250 to 500 megawatts, a year for the developed and that will allow us to achieve our commitment to the Governor.
Michael Lapides: How should we think about the economics of the different types meaning the type that kind of go traditionally in the rate base versus the type that are PPA? Does one have a very different economic impact on Virginia Power's earnings relative to the other?
Paul Koonce: Well, they do. Those that are in rate base obviously have a earnings profile over the life of the agreement. So in that regard, I think it's good for our customers and it's good for our shareholders. The bilateral agreements that we enter into as you know bring with it ITC income, which tends to kind of weight the income to the early part of the period so different earnings profile, different customer needs. But we are engaged to doing both.
Michael Lapides: Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski, Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: I wanted to ask about coal ash. So North Carolina seems to be mimicking what Virginia has proposed as far as remediation of coal ash ponds. Duke is pushing really hard against it. You guys seem to be okay with, what Virginia has decided. So talk us through why that is and why you don't actually have an issue with spending this CapEx
Paul Koonce: Angie, this is Paul Koonce. So we work collaboratively with all the local communities as well as the legislative and executive leadership on the solution. Cap and close in place was something that did not seem to be -- while it was federally approved by the Obama administration, it was not something that our local communities wanted. So the solution that we came up with was on-site landfilling. Now, one reason we think it is probably more supported in Virginia than North Carolina is Dominion relatively has a small coal ash issue to deal with. Our 27 million metric tons is small compared to Duke and small compared to others. So we believe that we have a good solution for the local communities. It's something that is supported by the legislation and supported by the executive branch. So we look forward to getting that work started as soon as the bill takes effect on July 1. We already have the land, so it will be a matter of basically moving the ash into a landfill on the existing site.
Jim Chapman: Paul, if I could add. Angie, it's Jim. You mentioned in your question the CapEx, which this program primarily is O&M expense very little of it is actually capital costs, so it's not a major earnings driver for us. And most of the activity and accounting space related to this new legislation is just in the balance sheet not impacting the income statement recognition of an ARO and a regulatory asset.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. And just one follow-up on ACP. So again, I understand that there are few comparisons between MVP and ACP. But MVP seems to be suggesting that rerouting the pipe through private lands was a potential alternative. And so could you comment if that's a possibility for ACP like last resort? And if it is, why didn't you consider that to start with? I'm talking about the crossing of the Appalachian Trail?
Tom Farrell : No I understand. There are a lot of possibilities, Angie. That is one. And what we may or may not have considered some years ago I'll just -- I'll leave for after we have finished our court arguments for -- after we finish with the courts on all these issues and/or get our solutions. We'll be happy to talk through with folks all the process we went through over these last few years. There -- as I've said, there are lots of alternatives. And we just don't think it's useful at this time to talk about them. I appreciate the frustration level. Believe me. One thing Greg said about how he thinks the investor community is as frustrated as we are, I'm not sure that that's a possibility.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Abe Azar, Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: Thank you. Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Abe Azar: Is there any update on your 2019 financing plans and specifically on the size and timing of the convert refinancing?
Jim Chapman: Hey. That's -- I’m sorry, go ahead.
Abe Azar: And then relatedly when do you expect to put permanent financing on for Cove Point? Might you take on a minority partner there?
Jim Chapman: Got it. Abe, it's Jim. Sorry for the interruption. Yes there's no material change to our plans for our financing for the year. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we do plan to replace the maturing -- converting existing $1.4 billion mandatory convert that we'll issue in 2016. Those plans are on track for the year and we're going to be opportunistic based on market conditions kind of through the summer period. Based on that knowing the exact timing of that, but also the exact size what we've said is around the size of the one that's converting, which is $1.4 billion, which is still is our expectation again depending on market conditions. On Cove, we have lots of time there. So as you know late last year, we put in place $3 billion of basically plain-vanilla non-recourse bank debt. So the cost of that is attractive. It's below 4% right now. It's non-amortizing. It's prepayable at any time and there are two-and-a-half years roughly left on the tenure. So we have lots of options on how to refinance that, but we also have lots of time. So no specific guidance on that activity, but plenty of flexibility based on what we did late last year.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Andrew Weisel from Scotia Howard.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to clarify. You've affirmed the 2019 guidance. But on the Drivers slide, it looks like you've added expense control initiatives as a positive driver and removed pension expense as a negative. Can you just give a little more detail as to what caused those changes? And is that the same stuff you talked about at the Analyst Day? Or does this maybe suggest you're leaning toward the higher end of the range? Maybe just some thoughts on that tweak.
Jim Chapman: Yes, let me address that. Good morning. It's Jim. Let me address that and then more generally, the sculpting of our expected earnings through the year. We do expect positive impacts -- again we haven't baked the numbers yet on the VRP element, but some positive impact this year to our operating earnings from our O&M initiatives, including our voluntary retirement program. The pension headwind was really something we highlighted as a short-term change between basically EEI on first of the year, but that modest impact which was about $0.04 change based on market activity in that short time period. That has been baked into our expectations for the year and is unchanged. Those pension assumptions that drive the accounting are revisited, as you know, basically every December 31. So no change before the clock turns at the end of this year. But let me give a little more guidance on -- a little more granular detail on the sculpting of our earnings through the year and I gave Greg a somewhat curt response that we do still target and expect the midpoint of our range for the year. But admittedly our earnings profile is back-end dated. And that's not something new to us. I know, we've just released our second quarter earnings guidance this morning, but this is, as we expected, other than the impact of the $0.06 of the weather headwind in the first quarter. So just to walk you through that, it's a little more than you asked. But Q1 $1.10, the midpoint of our Q2 guidance range $0.70 to $0.80 is $0.75, so $1.85, add in $0.06 of weather you get to $1.91. So comparing it to last year $1.91 is $0.09 less than $2, which is where we were during the first two quarters of last year. So, clearly, the earnings growth for the year, even aside from the weather headwind, is in the second half. And there are few reasons for that. Actually, there a number of reasons for that this year. One is the timing of the Millstone outage, which last year was in 3Q. This year's in 2Q. That's one thing that kind of pushes up on our second half contribution this year versus last. There's a full year of Cove Point contribution at run rate production levels, which means without some of the ramp-up costs that last year we had budgeted and experienced in the last three quarters. There's still some improvement there, this year versus last, not only in the first quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there's growth in regulated investment across electric and gas utilities, through the year which it accretes. There some timing of ITC and farm-outs to the year, this year versus last. And then, the last thing is, if we're -- there's more to come and we'll provide some more guidance on the second quarter call. As what, you mentioned, the operating expense initiatives: the continuation of flat O&M, but also the impact to operating earnings of our voluntary retirement program. So, overall, we're on track, but certainly are heavier in the second half of this year versus the first half, in particular, as compared to 2018.
Andrew Weisel: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, this does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Stephen Ridge, the Director of Investor Relations for the Safe Harbor Statements.
Stephen Ridge: Good morning, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy. I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website to view the earnings press releases and accompanying materials as well as the slide presentation that will follow this morning's prepared remarks. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting, and the Investor Relations team will be available immediately after the call to answer additional questions. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our Company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which are – we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit.  Joining today’s call are, Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Chapman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and other members of the executive management team.  I will now turn the call over to Jim.
James Chapman: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $0.89 per share for the fourth quarter of 2018, which is above the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.80 to $0.95 per share. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.97 per share which includes gains on the sales of non-core assets.  For the full year, we reported operating earnings of $4.05 per share which is also above the midpoint of our guidance range of $3.95 to $4.10 per share. Drivers relative to our guidance include lower O&M, income tax, depreciation expense, as well as favorable weather, partially offset by a longer commissioning process for the Cove Point liquefaction project during the first quarter and higher storm restoration expense in the third and fourth quarters.  We are pleased that despite a challenging year, we achieved annual operating earnings per share growth of 12.5%. Operating segment performance for the fourth quarter and the full year are shown on Slide 4. GAAP earnings for the year were $3.74 per share.  Differences between operating and reported earnings included gain on sale of non-core assets, unrealized losses on nuclear decommissioning trust bonds, and one-time rate credits issued to customers under Virginia legislation passed in March.  A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit.  Before we turn the page completely on 2018, we want to briefly highlight some of the important initiatives that we successfully executed during the year and that we believe will position us for success in 2019. As we mentioned, we achieved annual operating earnings per share growth of more than 10% despite a number of headwinds including a dramatically altered financing plan.  We grew the dividend per share by 10% year-over-year consistent with the commitment we had previously made to shareholders and slightly lower than annual operating earnings per share growth. We sold non-core merchant assets at attractive valuation, improving our business risk profile and generating over $2.5 billion of sale proceeds which we used to retire parent-level debt. We placed both the Cove Point liquefaction projects and Greenville power station into commercial service collectively representing over $5 billion of invested capital.  I am pleased to report that Cove Point continues to operate at or above design capacity and successfully completed the same day loading of an export cargo and unloading of an import cargo during the fourth quarter, which we believe maybe a first for the domestic LNG industry. Greensville is also operating as designed. We took meaningful steps to improve our credit profile including reducing parent level debt by about $8 billion through proceeds from equity issuance, non-core asset sales and a Cove Point asset level financing. As a result of these efforts, we achieved our parent level leverage targets two years ahead of schedule. We also materially improved our cash flow coverage metric as measured by Moody’s.  These achievements in combination with the improved business risk profile due to asset sale and the addition of SCANA’s high-quality regulated businesses resulted in the affirmation of our existing credit ratings and the lowering of our credit metric thresholds.  In Virginia, we work with legislators, the Governor, customer groups and other important stakeholders to support the grid transformation and security act, a bipartisan law that provides a path to a sustainable and reliable energy future in the commonwealth.  And finally, we obtained all required regulatory approval and subsequently closed our merger with SCANA, which we expect to provide near-term earnings of approximately $0.10 per share per year.  Tom will speak more about this a little later but we are pleased that we were able to offer significant value to SCANA customers, protection of the SCANA employees, and preserve the transaction economics that our shareholders and credit providers expected.  Moving on to 2019 earnings guidance. Operating earnings per share for 2019 are expected to be between $4.05 and $4.40 per share. This guidance range of $0.35 is narrower than in recent years reflecting the increasingly regulated nature of our operation. The midpoint of this range represents 5.6% growth relative to 2018’s weather-normalized results.  As usual, our guidance assumes normal weather, variations from which could cause results to swing toward or the bottom of this narrower guidance range. Positive factors as compared to last year included an additional quarter of commercial operations of the Cove Point liquefaction project, the addition of the Southeast Energy Group operating segment which includes all former SCANA operations and growth from regulated investment. Negative factors as compared to last year include the loss of earnings from 2018 asset sales, a higher share count, higher pension expense and a return to normal weather. The midpoint of our 2019 guidance range assumes that ACP Constructions recommences during the third quarter of this year which Tom will address momentarily.  It excludes any contribution associated with the Blue Racer earn out which could be zero, as well as any contribution associated with the resolution of the outstanding zero carbon energy procurement process in Connecticut, which Tom will also address. Our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of this year is $1.05 to $1.25 per share, compared to $1.14 per share in this first quarter of 2018. Positive factors relative to Q1 2018 included the contribution from the Cove Point liquefaction project and the addition of the Southeast Energy Group. Negative factors include timing of contributions are formed, the loss of earnings from asset sale, and a higher share count.  While we are not providing formal 2020 operating earnings guidance on today’s call, we do expect approximately 5% growth from 2019 to 2020 which aligns with achieving our most recent guidance regarding our 2017 to 2020, 6% to 8% compounded annual growth rate. This 2020 expectation also excludes the impact of any Blue Racer earn out and the contribution from a resolution in Connecticut. Finally, we expect dividend per share growth in 2019 of 10%. Please note that all dividend declarations are subject to Board approval.  Major elements of our 2019 financial plan are included on Slide 8 in addition to a fairly standard debt financing program, we intend to replace and possibly increase the size of the mandatory convertible security that’s issued three years ago and which converts in the third quarter. Despite a firm ratings and lower credit metric downgrade thresholds, we will continue to take steps to support our credit profile.  Turning to Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. The merger of DM into Dominion Energy was completed earlier this week. We issued approximately 22 million shares in exchange for all outstanding Dominion Midstream common and preferred units. The merged asset now resides the subsidiary of our parent company, but we intend for certain assets to migrate to Dominion Energy Gas Holdings during the year.  Finally, we plan to make two distinct presentations for investors on March 25th. The first presentation targeting the general investor community will include a number of informational updates such as asset profiles, asset profile updates including for the newly added Southeast Energy Group, capital investment programs, opportunities under the Grid Transformation and Security Act in Virginia, O&M initiatives and long-term dividend growth and capital structure objectives.  We believe that this brief presentation will provide reference information and insights that will help investors to better understand Dominion Energy’s expanded operational footprint, as well as drivers behind our expectation for 5% plus growth in operating earnings per share beyond 2020.  We are pleased to announce that in a second a super presentation on that day, we will provide an update that will focus exclusively on our accomplishments and efforts about environmental, social and governance matters and how those efforts underpin our long-term strategy and position us to become an industry leader in sustainability.  To our knowledge, this is the first instance of a major company from the energy infrastructure industry or otherwise to host an investor session dedicated exclusively to these matters. The target audience for the second presentation is members of the financial community with special focus on ESG topics.  Both of these presentations will be webcast live on our investor relations website with an opportunity to submit questions electronically, so that in the event of capacity constraints at our New York City venue, all investors will be able to participate. We will be providing additional information regarding these investor updates in the near future.  I’ll now turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Jim and good morning. For the second straight year, we have a set a company record for the lowest OSHA recordable incident rate in our history, 0.55, which is an 8% improvement over what was a record-setting performance in 2017. This achievement is equally impressive when compared to a peer average that is nearly twice as high.  Safety does not just happen. These results represent years of focus on making sure that every employee returns home in the same condition in which they arrived at work that day. We are going to continue to improve until we achieve the only acceptable safety statistic zero injuries.  Now to our business updates. I will begin by addressing our merger with SCANA which closed at the beginning of this year. Our new operating segment, the Southeast Energy Group comprises all of the former SCANA operations. Rodney Blevins, one of our most experienced utility operators now lead the segment. He is working among the over 5000 able and dedicated colleagues that now comprise the Southeast Energy Group. The Group’s high-quality businesses and our colleagues who operate them enhance Dominion’s best-in-class portfolio of state regulated utility operations. For example, customer growth at SEG’s electric and gas utilities were 1.7% and 2.8% respectively during 2018.  North and South Carolina despite the challenges related to new nuclear development in the latter are considered to be among the most constructive regulatory jurisdictions in the country.  In 2020, we will file a rate case in South Carolina that’s subject to commission approval will reflect recovery of traditional electric utility capital investment that is not currently being recovered in rates.  Those new rates subject to approval will become effective on January 1, 2021. Over the coming months, we will continue to build trust with customers, employees, regulators and policy makers by keeping our commitments and being a transparent and responsible corporate citizen. We look forward to discuss in the Southeast Energy Group in greater detail in our Investor Meeting in March.  Next I’ll turn to updates related to the Grid Transformation and Security Act adopted last year in Virginia. In less than a year, we have filed for and received Virginia State Corporation Commission approval for projects representing over $1 billion of capital investment.  We expect that number to grow significantly over the next several years as we continue to invest to make our system increasingly sustainable and reliable for our customers.  First, we received approval from the SEC for our approximately $300 million offshore wind projects which will be completed under a fixed cost construction agreement. This pilot has to support Governor Northam in Virginia’s General Assembly and will provide important early learnings that we believe will lay the foundation for commercial scale offshore wind for Virginia’s clean energy future.  Construction of the project is expected to begin this second quarter with a commercial in-service date in late 2020. Second, we received approval from the SEC for phases 2 and 3 of our strategic undergrounding program representing a capital investment of about $240 million. This effort improves the reliability of our systems and substantially reduces the duration of restoration times following severe weather events.  Third, we received an order granting our certificate of public necessity and convenience for our U.S. 3 Utility-Scale solar farms representing 240 megawatts at a capital cost of around $410 million. We remain committed to advancing our goal of having 3000 megawatts of additional renewable generating capacity in service or under development by 2022 and we expect to make regular filings under the GTSA with the commission for additional projects in the future.  Next, we received partial approval from the SEC for our initial grid transformation application. The commission approved nearly $100 million of capital over three years associated with important physical and cyber security investments.  The commission asked for more information to support capital investment associated with other aspects of our Grid Mod strategy including smart meters, intelligence grid devices and an enhanced customer information platform that allows more sophisticated and convenient customer experience. We will provide that data when we refile our application later this summer. A decision on the refiled application would be expected six months after. I want to offer a few remarks related to recently proposed legislation supported by Governor Northam and bipartisan legislative leadership that establishes a path for addressing our coal ash ponds. We support the policy makers’ desire to resolve this issue permanently through annual rider recovery.  The legislation will provide for full cost recovery of operating expense and capital investment associated with the recycling of coal ash for beneficial use and the construction of on-site lined landfills for disposal of the residual coal ash.  We believe the BET legislation provides a fair balance between Dominion Energy’s customers and its shareholders and allocates the cost of this program equitably among large and small users of electricity. I’ll now address the Millstone and the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. With regard to Millstone, it is important to recognize the extent of the progress that has been made today on ensuring the long-term viability of this critically important resource to Connecticut. We began engaging in the legislative process for years ago.  We have diligently followed the law and requirements established by both DEEP and PURA and each agency has determined Millstone is an at-risk resource. Former Governor Malloy made an announcement in late December awarding Millstone a ten year agreement for 9 million megawatt hours per year. The awarded price for the first three years of the contract is approximately equal to the New England wholesale power price.  That is not an acceptable result for the company and our 1500 Millstone colleagues who work safely every day to provide half of the power and 90% of zero carbon power to the State of Connecticut. In order to ensure the plant’s viability, we must have pricing that recognizes energy security, environmental and economic benefits. We have and we will continue to engage constructively with Governor Lamont’s team seeking the solution that works for the state, the region, our company and our employees.  We are confident that these issues will be resolved in a manner that provides long-term financial assurance required for Millstone’s continued operation. As for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and supply header projects we remain highly confident in the successful and timely resolution of all outstanding permit issues, as well as the ultimate completion of the entire project for the following reasons.  First, our customers critically need this project to heat and electrify homes, businesses and industries, assist in the transition away from coal-fired power generation, support economic and renewable energy development and reduce reliance on a single source of gas to liquid.  Our customers, state regulatory commissions and FERC have all attested independently to the need for this project. Second, we have followed the established rules with regard to permitting environmental protection, years of painstaking surveying, data collection and scientific analysis needed by all of our permit applications.  In fact, most of our permits are setting new national standards in minimizing environmental impacts. Without speaking for the permitting agencies, these professionals have followed the letter and the spirit of the rules, regulations and established precedence that guided their action on our permit applications. Third, we are actively pursuing multiple paths to resolve all outstanding permit issues including judicial, legislative and administrative advocates. We are not alone in these positions. We have the support of the agencies, our customers, and varied industry interests. Our current expectation is that full construction to restart in the third quarter. This reflects our belief that the biological opinion issue in any impediments with the cross in the Appalachian Trail should be resolved no later than this fall.  Based on the scheduled key segments of the project including from Buckingham County located in Central Virginia to the presently planned terminus in Hampton Roads in Eastern Virginia and in Lumberton in Southeastern North Carolina would enter commercial service by the end of 2020 with the balance of the project being delivered in early 2021. The cost of the project based on this schedule is expected to be $7 billion to $7.5 billion excluding financing cost, an increase of approximately $500 million since the update we provided in November. Similarly, we expect that this supply header project would enter commercial service in late 2020 with a project cost of $650 million to $700 million.  While we believe that the Appalachian Trail crossing issue should be resolved in time to recommence construction along the entire route during the third quarter, we intend to continue to build key segments that will deliver partial service to our customers by the end of 2020. The completion of the remaining section which could involve an appeal in spring quarter would complement the first phase of service by the end of 2021. Under this alternative, total project cost would increase an additional $250 million resulting in total project cost of $7.25 billion to $7.75 billion excluding financing costs. In either case, we are currently working with customers to set rates that balance customer needs with preserving a fair project return.  It’s important to understand that the average base is differential, over the last five years has been $1.79 per decatherm which significantly exceeds the rates of this project and of course cost is not the only factor driving our customers’ demand. Additional and diversified supply is critical, given that they are forced to turn away new customers due to the lack of infrastructure. When extreme weather occurs, such as the existing polar vortex in the Midwest, or the bitter colds that affected the Mid-Atlantic in both 2016 and 2018, the concept of reliable and redundant energy supply assumes a new and much more serious meaning.  Policymakers understand the gravity of the situation. Disruptions for the region’s limited supply of existing gas delivery infrastructure and weather-driven demand spikes have and will continue to resolve in higher prices, forced curtailments and lower reliability for customers until the project is complete. To be clear, we believe that there are multiple paths that will allow us to complete the entire 600 mile project. As was the case regarding the challenges we faced in the developments of the Cove Point liquefaction project, and the closing of our merger with SCANA, large projects require transparency and determination. We have in abundance of both. We will continue to accrue AFUDC equity earnings and expect ACP to contribute to our operating earnings in 2019, 2020 and for decades to come.  In summary, during 2018, we set a new company record for safety performance for the second consecutive year. We delivered 2018 operating earnings per share that exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range and initiated 2019 guidance that implies over 5% annual growth to 2018 weather-normalized results.  Our 2019 dividends per share are expected to grow 10% subject to Board approval. We successfully executed several major initiatives including merchant asset sales, $8 billion of parent level debt reduction, the buy-in of Dominion Energy Midstream Partners and the commercial in-service of the Cove Point liquefaction project and Greensville Power Station that support our earnings and credit objectives and position the business to continue to deliver visible, diversified and regulated growth in the future.  We completed the SCANA merger adding exciting new businesses to our best-in-class regulated portfolio. We continued progress towards successful resolution for both Millstone and ACP and we’ve advanced capital programs that will help to support 5% plus earnings growth for the next decade.  With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza : Hey, good morning guys. 
James Chapman: Good morning.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning. 
Shahriar Pourreza : So, couple questions here. First on sort of Millstone, obviously you are excluding the zero carbon procurement in your outlook. Is this a pricing issue given what’s currently proposed, i.e. it’s not very accretive to your growth or are you kind of implying that a closure is still in the mix if you get the pricing as currently proposed. So, just trying to figure out why it’s been excluded?
James Chapman: Hey, Shahriar, it’s Jim, good questions.
Shahriar Pourreza : Hey, Jim.
James Chapman: So, the way we think about that is that, looking the table right now, as you know within this ten year contract for the first three years, basically, roughly equivalent to market pricing. So, no need for us to have a contract for that. So, we are hopeful that there will be a contract for that period and value of these other attributes we’ve talked about for Millstone.  So if that comes into play, the contribution from such a contract for the relative period would be an adder to our guidance – earnings guidance. It doesn’t necessarily mean that we change our growth rate but will be an adder to the existing guidance. So that’s what we mean by that that’s excluded. There will be a potential for an adder for the time period in which an acceptable contract comes into play.
Shahriar Pourreza : Okay. Is it tellable for you as currently proposed or is there – or is sort of a shutdown still something that’s in the potential given what you assume?
James Chapman: Sure, we have a new administration in place. We have been working very constructively with them. So, I am not going to – we are not here to do any stable rattling today. Our position hasn’t changed. We have to have a clear financial path for Millstone that proposals from Governor Malloy’s outgoing proposal does not meet that standard.
Shahriar Pourreza : Got it, okay good. And then, Tom, let me just ask you and you touched on in your prepared remarks around the economics of sort of the pipe Atlantic Coast especially with the second delay and cost increase.  Can you just be a little bit more specific on how the conversations are going but more importantly what sort of the impact this sort of legislation, I think it’s bill number 17, 18 that’s advancing to the General Assembly. Is there viability to this thing into and just what are your thoughts there?
Thomas Farrell: Well, so, I think that’s two different questions in that. As I understand, the first one is about, are you talking about conversation with customers?
Shahriar Pourreza : Correct, correct. 
Thomas Farrell: Okay, I’ll let Diane answer that question just a second, Diane Leopold. With respect to the legislation, I would just say, I think the simplest answer to say that legislation has a long way to go in the general assembly. 
Diane Leopold: And, good morning, this is Diane Leopold. With respect to the contract, there are provisions in the contract to discuss both rates and terms and as Tom discussed, given the latest schedule and pause that we talked about today, we are already working with customers to set these rates and terms, partial in-service options, the actual rates for the service et cetera.  And we are confident we are going to be able to balance the customer needs and provide them with their critical need for this project in both cost and non-cost items while preserving a fair return for the project, but we really don’t want to go into anymore details on that.
James Chapman: And let me add just one thought also on the legislation. I think it’s also fair to say that, in this present – it’s not likely to come through the general assembly process in its present form. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman : Yes, hi, good morning. Thanks. So, just to follow-up on the ACP contracts, Tom, you mentioned the $1.79 decatherm last five years, just could you give us a sense of where the contract pricing of ACP is now versus that?
Thomas Farrell: Nom, Steve, we can’t. That’s all through confidential agreements with the customers. But I...
Steven Fleishman : But it’s a lot better, yes.
Thomas Farrell: It’s significantly lower than $1.79.
Steven Fleishman : Yes, okay. And then, what is pricing more like now as opposed to the last five years is it in that ballpark too?
Diane Leopold: Yes, I mean, the last few days when it was cold, it wasn’t just cold on the East Coast, obviously as it was on the Midwest. But I believe it was somewhere $5, $6 versus the Henry Hub, it certainly has value there. But that five year average actually is summer and winter time. It is average through the entire year, not just the price spikes of the winter.
Steven Fleishman : Right, okay. 
Diane Leopold: So, it continues to show value and increase that you see in these cold times.
Steven Fleishman : Okay. And then, just in terms of going back to – there was a question - I just want to clarify the comments on the convert, so that your intention is to issue a new convert when that one is done or just re-market the debt?
James Chapman: Yes, good question. We are required based on the terms of existing units remarketed to debt. That doesn’t represent the increase in debt. It’s just remarketing which will be this year. But this is our last outstanding mandatory convertible securities. The equity converts into common equity, that going about in August and we view that as an attractive security to us and we think there is demand for us and the capital market is our perception.  So we do plan to replace it. It will be exactly the same as the securities we have issued in the past, it could be slightly different. But some form of that hybrid capital, mandatory convertible otherwise we plan to use to replace the $1.4 billion that effectively goes away in the middle of this year in August. 
Steven Fleishman : And then, one last question just back to ACP. So, I think there has been some concern that it’s often hard to get an en banc hearing, but obviously this is obviously a pretty important case. So just, maybe you could give some color on why this – it might be different this time and your ability to get that hearing in this case?
Thomas Farrell: Well, I would say, this is Tom, you are quite right, en banc proceedings are, they don’t happen every day of the week, they don’t happen every month. This case, I don’t know if you had a chance to read the brief that was filed on behalf of ACP last week.  And I think it sets the story out pretty well that there is a fifty pipelines that go on and meet the Appalachian Trail today, or it’s about 50 that are now all in question. We have significant support from a variety of folks. I think you will see ten or more friends of the court file a brief or briefs sometime late next week.  The Department of Justice will weigh in before February 11 on the importance of this. But that’s – we’ll see what happens. There is other avenues, as I mentioned, there is you can always appeal the Supreme Court, obviously.  Again, there is legislative efforts underway and there are other potential administrative avenues we are looking at that we haven’t been able to pursue very thoroughly, because of the government shutdown. But the en banc is important milestone. But it’s not by any stretch the only avenue to make sure we finish this pipe in which we are highly confident. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rose-Lynn Armstrong with UBS. Mr. Armstrong, if your line is muted, you’ll need to unmute to ask your question.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong : Hello. You talked about discussing long-term dividend growth. 
Thomas Farrell: I am sorry, was that a question? I am sorry, I didn’t hear the whole thing.
Operator: I am sorry. It looks like she accidentally disconnected her line. 
Thomas Farrell: Okay.
Operator: We will go to our next questioner, Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon : Good morning guys. So, thanks for the updated guidance range. I know that you had given sort of an interim guidance update in early January. And the illustrative guidance range at the time for 2020 it was 4.35 to 4.47. Now if I did take the current guidance for 2019 and I just extrapolate 5% growth around, should I be extrapolating 5% growth just from the low and high-end to come up with?  Would you guys believe your current 2020 implied guidance range should be to get the low-end or the high-end? I just want to be clear on that.
James Chapman: Yes, Greg. It’s actually, Jim. We are not really talking about a guidance range for 2020 yet. We have given this indicative 5%. So we think about it more in terms of midpoint. So, midpoint 2019 to 2020 that’s where our minds are right now. We will get more granular with the guidance range as we go through time. 
Greg Gordon : Okay. I just wanted to make sure that I was translating that 2020 statement properly. So, thank you. I appreciate it. In terms of other questions, I think, most of mine have been answered. So, I’ll give you back the time. Thank you.
Thomas Farrell: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Turnure : Good morning, guys. Tom, you mentioned the alternative plan for ACP and the slightly higher cost estimate and longer timeframe for that. Could you just expand upon the exact permit scenario that would underpin that plan?
Thomas Farrell: We have all of our permits. So, let’s – we didn’t mention in the script, for example, we did get our last real permits, significant permit which is the air permit for the Buckingham compressor station. So, what now is in front of us is these court challenges on variety of pieces.  No challenge for what’s between Buckingham County and Lumberton North Carolina. That’s with these issues in the mountains and the national parks et cetera. So, all those different timeframes and the different amounts are based on different scenarios on when we finish the court challenges. 
Christopher Turnure : Okay, so there is not one particular path there. So, it will be alternative if not if you fail at the en banc, then you do that. 
Thomas Farrell: Correct. There are other – there are multiple paths here. And I know, people are focused understandably and justifiably on the en banc. But that’s not the only path here. There are – there is the potential if we don’t get the en banc or we lose the en banc, there is the – we have the judicial path to Supreme Court.  There is legislative path that we are working on quite vigorously and there are, as I mentioned, administrative path that we have identified, but haven’t been able to fully pursue because of the government shutdown. But the primary focus right now for us is our en banc proceeding. We face that decision as erroneous and a bench almost 50 years of agency precedent. 
Christopher Turnure : Okay. And then, just following up on the strategy here with ACP, the biological opinion is, I guess, technically, what’s caused the temporary stop in construction right now? What I am wondering, given the gravity of the forest service opinion and the en banc process, were do not succeed on the forest service side, call it, in the second quarter or mid-year.  Does it make sense to continue construction at that time or hold off on construction until you get more clarity there? I think last time I checked you had drawn around $1 billion of the project level debt so far where you’ve spent a good amount but you are not, maybe, fully committed at this point in terms of spending in my opinion.
Thomas Farrell: Well, I’ll let Jim give you the numbers on what has been spent. I just – there is so many variables in that question. I just think it’s hard for us to really to answer it. We’d have to see – I think we are going to win on the biological opinion issue quite – but I have high confidence in that. This is the second time around they followed the dictates of the court and what the court was interested in and reissued it.  So, we would have to see we assume it’s going to get affirmed and if it’s not, we will have to see what the court said and then we’ll have to make a decision around that. But we think all of that is taken into account in these different timeframes given here, because we can proceed from Buckingham which is sort of almost middle of the pipeline, all the way down to Lumberton and up into Hampton Roads. 
James Chapman: Hey, Chris, let me just add, you mentioned correctly that back in October, when we published our third quarter Q, we noted that the amount of capital drawn on this project level construction facility was a little over 1, 1.5 I think it was really on a 100% basis. I am sure that number as of 12/31 is about 1.4 not drastically different.  That’s on a 100% basis, so, that would imply total spend, that’s of course 50% of the cash capital is represented and drawn on the project level facility. So it double to get on a 100% basis the total amount spent which will be about approaching 2.8 as of 12/31. And those numbers will be more so in the case. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rose-Lynn Armstrong with UBS. 
Thomas Farrell: Here you are.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong : Hi, I will try again.
Thomas Farrell: I think you got cut-off in the middle of the question. I am sorry. 
Rose-Lynn Armstrong : I did. I apologize. So, getting to the indication earlier that you would discuss long-term dividend growth at the Analyst Meeting, can you just give us a little preview of that today? I believe previous comments regarding 2020 were that the policy was predicated on the MLP market and now of course with the rollout, how are you thinking about dividend policy going forward?
Thomas Farrell: Thanks Rose-Lynn. Let me just refresh everybody on the background here. So, we announced that expected dividend policy – of course they are all subject to, as you all know, each quarter to Board approval. But we said in 2017 that looking forward we had a very robust MLP market. We had Cove Point expectations coming online et cetera.  Because of the unique nature of the take or pay contracts with Cove Point, very significant cash flows flowing out of that with the recapture of the capital cost that we would see through drops into the MLP that we would grow the dividend 10% a year in 2018, 2019 and 2020. And then, when we got to 2021, we have to see what the landscape looks like at that time.  After the FERC ruling, in March of last year that destroyed the viability of the MLP market. Over time, we said not too long after that date I don’t remember the exact date, Rose, and we said something along the lines that we are going to keep 10% in 2018. We expect to keep 10% in 2019. And depending upon what happened people are going to ask FERC to reconsider.  We didn’t know what exactly was going to happen that it could go from 6% to 10% depending upon what happened with MLP. I think we had since said that the expectation obviously the MLP market is no longer there.  So you are already at the bottom of that. But, we recognized that it’s not going to be 10% in 2020, highly unlikely and over time, we will bring the dividend growth rate, not going to be a cut in our dividend, that’s not even in contemplations, the notions will bring our growth rate of our dividends more in line with our peers after this year.  So starting in 2020, some – and I will talk more about that in March, but there will be some effort to bring them more in line with our peer group. I don’t know if that answers your question, I hope it does. 
Rose-Lynn Armstrong : Okay. And you think – what’s your – I guess, if we look at it from a payout ratio perspective, can you talk about where you would hope to see the payout ratio will return?
James Chapman: Hey, Rose, it’s Jim. We will talk about that at the end of March. But we will be setting the dividend growth rate to reach a target payout ratio that’s more in line with peers.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold : I think you just answered one of our questions which, Jim, it’s the payout that you’d bring in line with peers and not the growth rates. I just want to be clear that that if we are understanding you correctly on that?
James Chapman: That’s exactly right. That’s exactly right.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. And peers, you’ll, so share with us what you view the right grid to be in the March meeting presumably.
James Chapman: Exactly.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. And then, just on ACP, when you guys are talking about customers, are you – does that include the anchored kind of utility customers? Your facility of customers and does whatever you have negotiated with them needs to be approved by the state regulatory bodies, I am just curious on that.
Diane Leopold: The discussions are with – sorry, this is Diane Leopold. The discussions are with all of the customers and every customer has something different with respect what they will need to finalize the deal. But we are in active discussions with all the customers now. 
Jonathan Arnold : And then, to the question of, is it subject to SEC approval outside or normal?
Thomas Farrell: You are talking about – when you say, SEC you are referring to, in Virginia?
Jonathan Arnold : Yes. 
Thomas Farrell: In Virginia, it’s just a matter of – it’s like any other part of fuel cost. So that will be part of the fuel cost case in whenever 2021 or 2022 along with all the other ins and outs of our fuel cost. 
Jonathan Arnold : Perfect, okay. Thank you, Tom.
Thomas Farrell: You are welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: James Chapman - CFO & Treasurer Thomas Farrell - Chairman, President & CEO Diane Leopold - EVP, President & CEO, Gas Infrastructure Group
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Stephen Ridge, Director of Investor Relations for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website to view the earnings press releases and accompanying materials as well as the slide presentation that will follow this morning's prepared remarks. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting, and the Investor Relations team will be available immediately after the call to answer additional questions. The earnings releases and other matters that will be disclosed - discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures which are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings press release kit in the Dominion Energy Midstream Partners press release. For our prepared remarks, Jim Chapman, Chief Financial Officer will provide a financial update including quarterly earnings results, Tom Farrell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer will review safety and operating performance, highlight progress on growth initiatives and provide other updates. I will now turn the call over to Jim Chapman.
James Chapman: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $1.15 per share for the third quarter of 2018, which was at the top of our guidance range. Drivers relative to our guidance including - includes lower operating and maintenance expense, higher-margins and our power generation group in better and normal weather. GAAP earnings were $1.30 per share for the quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings is a gain on nuclear decommissioning trust funds. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by business segment. EBITDA for the Power Generation Group was $820 million in the third quarter, at the top end of its guidance range. Lower operating and maintenance expense, higher margins and favorable weather contributed to the outperformance. The Power Delivery Group produced EBITDA of $434 million, which was near the midpoint of the guidance range. And the Gas Infrastructure Group produced third quarter EBITDA of $598 million, which was in the top half of its guidance range. Lower operating and maintenance expense was the primary driver for that outperformance. Overall, we're pleased with another quarter of very strong execution across our businesses. Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced third quarter adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow of $76 million and $50 million respectively. On October 19, Dominion Energy Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.369 per common unit payable on November 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's distribution. On September 19, Dominion Energy announced an offer to exchange each outstanding public Dominion Energy Midstream common unit for 0.2468 of a Dominion Energy common share. The board of Dominion Energy Midstream has authorized its independent complex committee to evaluate that offer. Given Dominion Energy's existing ownership interest in Dominion Midstream, the consent of third-party unitholders is not required to approve this transaction. We expect to complete the definitive agreement between the two companies this quarter, with closing to follow in early 2019. We also expect to recommend to the Dominion Midstream board a fourth quarter 2018 common unit distribution to be paid in early 2019 prior to or in conjunction with transaction close. Given anticipated cash flows and the existing financing mix, that final distribution is expected to be equal to the third quarter distributions that was declared on October 19. Tom will provide some additional remarks later in the call about the rationale for our decision to eliminate Dominion Energy Midstream Partners as a financing vehicle for Dominion Energy. Moving now to our credit and improvement initiatives, we're pleased to have completed several meaningful steps for achieving our previously announced credit objectives for the year. First in September, we closed on a $3 billion [indiscernible] term loan in our Cove Point facility. Strong demand from a broad lending group drove attractive pricing in terms. Proceeds from the financing are being used to reduce parent level debt. Second, and also in September, we announced agreements to sell our interest in three merchant powergenerating facilities representing some 1.8 gigawatts of generation capacity for approximately $1.3 billion of cash consideration across two transactions. We greatly appreciate the dedicated service of the power station employees who have served our company with distinction. Given our increased strategic focus on regulated energy infrastructure of these assets have become increasingly noncore. We are pleased with the results from this initiative and we expect both transactions to be closed before the end of the year. Cash sales proceeds are being used to reduce parent level debt. Third, as announced this morning, we have executed an agreement to divest our 50% interest in the Blue Racer midstream joint venture to first reserve and affiliated investment funds for total consideration of up to $1.5 billion, including cash consideration of $1.2 billion and up to $300 million of ongoing earning payment - earn out payment through 2021 based on Blue Racer midstreams ongoing performance. We have consistently indicated that Blue Racer while a very high quality business with an extremely capable management team is considered noncore for Dominion Energy, and the sale of our interest would be opportunistic based on a compelling valuation and structure. This transaction represents an attractive valuation multiple range of 14x to 16x estimated 2018 EBITDA, based on book ends of potential payments to be received under the earn out structure. We expect to close by the end of the year and upfront cash sales proceeds will be used to reduce parent level debt. We wish the other Blue Racer owners, the management team and the employees for their collaboration and successfully executing the very impressive growth of this business since the partnership was created in 2012. To summarize, we have forced - we have sourced funds to reduce our parent level debt by around $8 billion, including approximately $2.3 billion of new equity, approximately $2.5 billion of proceeds from noncore unregulated asset sale agreement, with up to $300 billion of additional payment through 2021 and $3 billion from the Cove Point asset level financing. As a result of these steps, we expect to achieve cash flow coverage metrics to support our existing credit rating and achieve our targeted parent level debt to total debt metric two years earlier than originally planned. By divesting some of our last remaining unregulated businesses, we've also improved our business risk profile. Now to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy. Operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2018 are expected to be between $0.80 and $0.95 per share compared to $0.91 per share earned in last year's fourth quarter. Positive factors relative to the fourth quarter of 2017 include the contribution from Cove Point Liquefaction and lower tax expense due to tax reform. Negative factors include lower solar related investment tax credit, higher financing costs and higher share count. Given where we are in the year, we are narrowing our 2018 full year guidance range to $3.10 to $4.10 per share, preserving the same midpoint as our original guidance. Assuming normal weather, we continue to expect operating earnings per share for 2018 to be above the midpoint of this narrowed guidance range. We're also affirming our 2017 to 2020 operating earnings per share compounded annual growth rate of 6% to 8%. Please note that 2019 full year guidance is expected to be provided on our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call to take place early next year. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Jim. I congratulate Jim on his new role as our company's Chief Financial Officer. Since joining Dominion, Jim has played a key role in our most important strategic and financing initiatives, and I'm confident that he will do very well in this new role. Also we should take a moment to recognize the transition of Mark McGettrick who has been with the company for 38 years, the last nine of which have been exemplary CFO. We wish Mark our very best. Going into the final quarter of the year, our company is operating at the last OSHA recordable incident rate in our more than 110-year history. Exceeding our record-setting results last year and placing us ahead of 15 of the 17 peer companies operating in the southeast United States. On the job safety just does not just often. These results represent years of focus on making sure that every employee returns from in the same condition in which they arrived at work that day. We will continue to improve until we achieve the only acceptable safety statistics, zero. Operating performance across our asset portfolio continues to be excellent. I'd like to share four examples. First, our nuclear units extended a company record by operating for 753 days and still counting without an unplanned automatic reactor shutdown. This represents the nuclear power industries best fleet performance. Second, Hurricane Michael. Represented as the sixth-largest outage event in the company's history with over 600,000 customers without power at their peak, representing nearly 1/4 of our electric customers. Within 48 hours of Michael exiting our service territory, our crews had safely restored power to nearly 90% of the customers affected, and we've restored service to every customer within just five days. Third, the Cove Point Liquefaction facility which was the largest single capital project in both the company's and the state of Maryland's history has liquefied almost 100 billion cubic feet of gas for export by our customers since entering into commercial service. And during the recent planned outage, the site reported no OSHA recordable injuries despite the presence of nearly 600 staff in contractors on site. Finally, in recent months, we have launched an initiative to improve our engagement with investors regarding our industry-leading track record on environmental, social and governance matters. We have enhanced our disclosures and will launch an ESG dedicated website in the coming days. At Dominion, ESG is a board level priority as evidenced by the recent creation of a sustainability and corporate prosperity for commitment. that overture performance as a sustainable organization and responsible corporate citizen. Now, I'll turn to business updates. As the Power Generation Group, construction of the $1.3 billion Greenful Power Station continues the pace as was 98% complete at the end of September. The project is expected to achieve commercial operations on time and on budget in early December. We filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission for the first of what we expect will be several utility scale solar projects for inclusion in rate base. We have significantly expanded our solar fleet in recent years, and now ranked as the fourth-largest utility on our solar generation in the United States. We'll continue to regulated solar capacity and the clean energy gas power generation required to complement due solar generation, both at the urging of our states elected representatives. Now, on October 16, we filed with the regulatory commission for subsequent license renewable for the [indiscernible] power station reactors. This is an important first step in which we expect will be a multiyear $4 billion investment program that will extend the lives of both the [indiscernible] and North Arizona nuclear stations by an additional 20 years. We expect to submit the North license suspension application in 2020. As a result of this initiative, our customers will continue to benefit from clean, reliable and low-cost generation from these best-in-class facilities. We've also filed with the [indiscernible] Corporation Commission's for approval construct two offshore wind turbines under a fixed cost construction contract. Like the solar and nuclear relicensing investments, this pilot project has the support of government pattern in Virginia General Assembly, will provide an important early learning that we believe will lay the foundation for commercial scale offshore wind for Virginia's clean energy future. Finally, on September 14, we filed our offers in response to the Connecticut Department of Energy and environmental protections RFP for procurement of zero carbon resources. We have requested that [indiscernible] be recognized as an at risk resource where the contract to sell a portion of [indiscernible] zero carbon power starting July 1, 2019. We are pleased that both deep and the office of consumer counsel have filed briefs asking that the Connecticut Public utilities regulatory authority grant millstone at risk designation which will allow millstone's offers to be judged on price and nonprice attributes, such as zero carbon, economic impact and fuel security. Millstone is vital to Connecticut in each of these respects. [Indiscernible] is expected to select RFP winners by the end of this year. Winning better be validated by PURA and then entering into contracts with the local electric distribution companies. We have been cleared with Connecticut policymakers that the contract providing long-term financial assurance is the only path forward for millstone's continued operation. At the Power Delivery Group, we continue to benefit from very strong electric sales group. 2018 year-to-date weather normalized sales are 2.4% higher than the same period last year, led by strong growth across data centers, residential and industrial classics. We have placed nearly $600 million of electric transmission assets into service through the third quarter. In July, we filed a grid moderation plan with the Virginia State Corporation Commission through the first three year phase includes over $900 million of investment in grid reliability, resiliency and security. And in October, we completed the 1,000-mile of our writer program to place 4,000 miles of overhead taplines underground. Improving our ability to respond storm events like Florence and Michael. Both of these long-lived investment programs were found to be in the public interest, in [indiscernible] and legislation signed by the government earlier this year. As the Gas Infrastructure group, we continue to make progress on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and supply better projects. We have been constructing in West Virginia and North Carolina and on October 19, we received the final Virginia permit required to [indiscernible] underway with full mainline construction in all three states. Following approval from FERC of our notice to proceed filing, we will begin mainline construction in Virginia. We appreciate the professional manner in which all of our permitting agencies have worked collaboratively with us to ensure that this critical energy infrastructure project will meet the stringent environmental standards required by law and regulation. The FERC stop work order in delays obtaining permits necessary for construction have impacted the cost and schedule for the project. As a result, project cost actions have increased the range of $6 billion to $6.5 billion to a range of $6.5 billion to $7 billion excluding financing costs. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline is pursuing a phase in service approach with its customers whereby we maintain a late 2019 in-service date for key segments of the project to meet peak winter demand in critically constrained regions. ACP will be pursuing a mid 2020 in-service date for the remaining segments. Abnormal weather and/or work delays may result in cost or schedule modifications in the future. We're currently working with customers to determine the rates and terms for interim service. Although we can't discuss the details of those discussions, we are confident that we will balance customers' needs and preserve the returns for HCP. The supply inter project target in-service remains late 2019. Moving from gas transmission to gas distribution. We're making important progress on our gas utility gas pipeline replacement programs. We're investing over $300 million annually under existing rivals across our service territories to enhance the safety and reliability of the gas distribution service that we offer our customers. We are pleased with the meaningful role that Dominion Energy's playing in delivering critical energy resources to a wide variety of customers can across the spectrum of regulated energy infrastructure platforms. We are constantly challenging the status quo to be sure we are adapting to meet the evolving desires of our customers. In fact, Dominion recently added a fifth element to our long-standing core values of safety, ethics, excellence and one Dominion Energy. Our new core value is embrace change. Which speaks to our focus on adapting our business to the accelerating pace of technological change and increased diversity in our society. This focus on innovation and change will broaden the transform to customer's experience, deliver affordable energy to our customers that is cleaner, more sustainable and more reliable. Several years ago, when we divested our exploration of production portfolio, we set in motion the transformation of Dominion Energy from our heavily commodity exposed ENP a utility company into one of the world's finest regulated energy infrastructure companies. The offer to buy at Dominion Midstream as well as the sale of merchant power generation assets, and our interest in Blue Racer midstream will further reduce commodity exposure in several of our business model. We have identified and are actively developing the first set of regulated growth plans - growth programs across all of our operating units that will provide meaningful benefit to our customers, and aggregate to billions of dollars annually of gross capital investments which will support our earnings growth well into the next decade. Let me turn now briefly to the offer we have made effectively to buy in Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. This decision was the result of a careful and patient evaluation of the sustainable ability of Dominion midstream to support Dominion Energy's growth capital plans at a cost of capital advantage. We took Dominion Midstream public in late 2014, since we took them public, there has been a gradual but absorbable shift in public capital market support to the MLP structure. That retreat accelerated meaningfully after March 1, 15 [ph] policy reversal on income tax recovery through cost of service rates. Public equity investment, they mastered limited partnerships this year is some 90% lower than in past years. And the outlook for recovery to historic levels is not promising. In addition to weak capital market conditions, there has been an evolution of limited partner investor views on incentive distribution and governance rights, that erodes support for the structure that allowed Dominion Energy's general partner to exercise a level of operational control and retain an amount of financial upside that exceeded the level of our common unit ownership. For these reasons, Dominion Energy has provided Dominion midstream with an exchange offer that represents fair value or its underlying assets. Finally, I want to make a few comments on our offer to merge with SCANA Corporation. In North Carolina, we are pleased to have agreed to a settlement with the staff as credible for the commission and which we expect will be approved in December. In South Carolina, the hearing of a number of related matters commenced this morning. Last week, we submitted an alternative customer benefit plan as an option for the PAC to consider, which provides significant customer value, while also preserving the economics of the transaction for Dominion Energy. While we prefer our original plan, we are comfortable with the new alternative and if the commission determines that the alternative plan is in the best outcome for customers we are willing to move forward with that solution. We are confident that we will complete our merger with SCANA later this year. In summary, we have successfully executed several initiatives to support our earnings and credit objectives and the sale of noncore unregulated assets which further improve our business risk profile and clarify our investment narrative. We have delivered very strong earnings results that have been at/or above the high-end of guidance range for three straight quarters and we're continuing to expect the full year results will be above the midpoint of our narrowed guidance range. The company continued to demonstrate a culture of excellence in safety and operating performance. We are embracing enhanced reporting and disclosures around ESG matters and look forward to increased investor average on those topics. We are laying the foundation for the diverse portfolio of capital investment programs that will drive predictable growth well into the next decade. We continue to progress towards completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and supply better projects. And we are optimistic that we will complete our merger with SCANA late this year. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from securities.
Shahriar Pourreza: So very healthy transaction multiple on Blue Racer, so quick thoughts there as I'm assuming this kind of surpassed your internal assumptions but more importantly, can you just elaborate further on the earn outs and are they incremental to your current delevering timeframe assumption or do you assume the earn outs are in your plan. So what I am trying to get at is can we see a further reacceleration of your parent leverage targets?
James Chapman: It's Jim. We are very happy with that transaction. We satisfied with the value and the term. In particular, we are happy with the structure which allows us on to on the one hand derisk at 1.2, but on the other hand still participate in the growth of that business over the next three years would be up to $300 million of earn out payments. The detail - the very specific details of those earn outs are not going to be public that's between us and first reserve. But it's formally. So if Blue Racer revenues and EBITDA grow over the time period above some reasonable threshold, we participate in that every year, participate in that growth upto that $300 million maximum level. So very happy. As it relates to our credit profile, we are using the upfront proceeds this year to repay parent company debt. I think that brings us to where we need to be on a credit basis already. So the 300, the upto 300 over the next three years is just a part of the give-and-take on our overall plan of 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2020.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, okay. So it's incremental. Just real quick on ACP. We got the delay. We got the higher cost estimate, right? So can you elaborate a little bit further on how should we think about the impact of the projects returns versus your original estimate? Or does sort of tax reform kind of mitigate any return pressures versus what your original assumptions were? And then just real quick around sort of the delays. And it seems like your hedging yourself a little bit around potential for further delays. You know can just hit on a little of contingencies you have in place to sort of have in place to mitigate any further delays, I mean do you feel better about this updated and service date?
Thomas Farrell: I'll answer the question on the return, Shahr, and Diane will talk about the hedging as you referred to it. Through this process, we've already been through one process with customers on the rates, and we'll continue to work with them. The returns are going to be very adequate and comments with the normal returns we get in projects like this in our midstream business. Now I'll turn it over to Diane.
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold. Would say is when we first updated the cost estimates in light of the delay and the stop work order, we also updated all cost estimates for aspects - all aspects of our construction plan, including seasonality and when we're going to be building each of the spread and related productivity factors. We believe those are very reasonable for the plan that we have in place. And then we did add appropriate contingency level to cover a range of risk that are typical for our project at this phase.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So just agree on a rate sales price on Blue Racer. So just in the context of reaffirming your 6 to 8% growth. Does that fully include now all these asset sales and the debt paydown?
James Chapman: It does.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, great. And then Jim, you mentioned the business mix improvement. Is that so obviously - we can see that. Is it possible you also get some kind of business risk reassuring from the agencies. Or from these changes or is that not likely?
James Chapman: I think that's possible. We certainly see it that way as the reason we have done it in that manner. It's a little bit early to comment as we haven't really held those discussions yet with agencies. But that will be a fair argument to make in my view.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then, maybe one last question for Tom on the SCANA deal, I think you said you remain very optimistic on getting it done. It's obviously very noisy down there. And it's hard to - when you're watching it from the newspapers that necessarily be that strong on it. So could you maybe just give a little more rational why you're very optimistic about getting it done?
Thomas Farrell: Sure, Steve. It is noisy. There's lot of things going on, there's lots of moving parts, but we we've been working on all those moving parts now for 10 months. We're very familiar with the folks that we're dealing with and what their interest are and their needs are. And in the end of the day, the Dominion offer or two offers now, our original offer which very popular with customers by the way, and the alternative offer which is popular with other kinds of customers are by far in a way, it's not even close, the best alternative for SCANA in the state of South Carolina, we were confident that the policymakers will come to that conclusion. We saw that last week or earlier I guess this week with the letter from Speaker Lucas for example, recognizing that among all the alternatives, this was the best.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Gregory Gordon: Can you hear me? There is no mention in the official slide deck or the release on dividend policy, so can you just restate where you are on the dividend policy, please?
Thomas Farrell: No change for our dividend policy.
Gregory Gordon: So 10% growth for '19?
Thomas Farrell: Yes, but it's obviously up to the board, it's up to the board but that's the expectation, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I just wanted to follow up little bit on the credit question still. Can you elaborate a little bit on the use of proceeds year useful rates are obviously very well on the manger proceeds there. by just thinking about the near-term and practically what you're doing?
Thomas Farrell: Yes, so for the Blue Racer proceeds and the generation sale proceeds all expected this quarter. So we will take that and use it to repay parent level debt as mentioned. And we have kind of an array of debt in parent company, some of which is prepayable, some of which is commercial paper, which is kind of a shock absorber on our baseline timings of their receipt etcetera, cetera. So we have identified ways to use that cash this quarter and pay down debt. I would expect some Big Bang kind of liability management exercise with standards and the like. It's going to be managed on a more solid basis with our existing securities which are prepayable, et cetera.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And maybe to clarify that. Just obviously it's very good multiples here. I mean net-net, how do you see it in terms of accretion, dilution on an earnings basis relative to the liability management?
James Chapman: Given the sales price - prices achieved, and given the reduction in interest from the debt paydown, and given the likely receipt of earn out proceeds on the Blue Racer side, we are very comfortable with that impact is modest and in line with our 6% to 8% growth profile through 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then just a quick clarification on SCANA. Just with respect to the deal and of course the court case pending, how do see that court case. is there a pathway to that court case and the ability to close the transaction given any net range of outcomes?
Thomas Farrell: Well, one of the conditions we have to close is to no change in law, that court case with change law as we - as it existed when we made the decision transaction. But no orders being entered. Lots of rumors running around South Carolina and I just wouldn't believe everything one reads in the newspaper about every single thing everybody is saying. We're going to continue to work with all the parties including that we have the lawsuit, we're not a party of the law suit. But obviously the interest of that law suit. As well as what's going on at the Public Service Commission. So all these things have to be resolved without affecting financial parameters that we entered into the original financial parameters we entered into with SCANA in January. Or we won't close. I'm optimistic that that will all - we work our way through all of it, and we will close by the end of the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: So quickly just following up on SCANA. I wanted to understand what prompted the new proposal? Was there some feedback you received that suggested this would go better? And is there room for another proposal? Or this is it at this point, this is what's on the table and you're expecting one of these to go through?
Thomas Farrell: We have been in dialogue with people, variety of customers, customer classes, policymakers, all name it for literally last 10 months. And it became apparent to us that there was the significant interest by many in moving the refund into more of a non-rate going reduction. So we work through that and came with the proposal that you saw us put forward I guess it was last week. Things are all sort of running here. I guess it was last week that we put that proposal out. But that's all, there's two proposals, either one we're comfortable with. We don't expect any changes to either one of them.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Fair enough. And then secondly, in terms of Blue Racer, the $300 million earn out, Jim, is that expected to show up in operating earnings, is that going to be removed more as onetime?
James Chapman: The $200 million, most likely in operating earnings.
Praful Mehta: I got you. And finally just on ACP. If you have a - you kind of highlighted the point that you want to hit the late 2019 timeframe to meet the critical winter period. If you do not hit that timeframe, is there any implications from an earnings or any penalties perspective?
Diane Leopold: No, I wouldn't expect any change in earnings. The construction plan and costs are going to be similar regardless given the AFUDC that we have when we get into service.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc. Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc. Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc. Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor statement. You may begin.
Thomas Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter 2018 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our Earnings Release Kit. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for e-mail alerts, and view our second quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dominionenergy.com and dominionenergymidstream.com. In addition to the Earnings Release Kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now, for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measure of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners' press releases. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results, financing plan and Dominion Energy's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $0.86 per share for the second quarter of 2018, which was well above the top of our guidance range. Drivers of these positive results for the quarter relative to our guidance include: lower operating expenses, favorable weather, and more benefit from tax reform than anticipated. GAAP earnings were $0.69 per share for the quarter. The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings were an update of the expected coal ash remediation costs and the impact on prior year's results from a FERC capitalization review. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by business segment, EBITDA for our Power Generation Group was $639 million in the second quarter, which exceeded the top end of its guidance range. Lower operating and maintenance expenses and favorable weather were the main contributors. Our Gas Infrastructure and Power Delivery groups produced second quarter EBITDA of $534 million and $410 million, respectively, both of which were near the middle of their guidance range. Overall, we are very pleased with the strong results from our operating groups. Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $76.3 million for the second quarter of 2018, compared to $68.6 million produced in the second quarter of 2017. Distributable cash flow was $49.3 million, which was 21% above last year's second quarter. On July 25, Dominion Energy Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $0.351 per common unit payable on August 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment. Our coverage ratio remained strong at 1.11 times at the end of the second quarter. On June 29, the board of directors of the general partner, or Dominion Energy Midstream, exercised its IDR reset election option pursuant to terms outlined in the partnership agreement. By restructuring the IDRs, we expect to extend our ability to recommend distribution increases while we continue to evaluate next steps for DM. Tom Farrell will discuss FERC's recent clarification on the recovery of income taxes by MLP owned pipelines in a few moments. However, neither the FERC's recent actions nor the reset election changes our previous guidance of no drops into DM during 2018, while we continue to monitor the sustainability of MLP capital markets. Moving to treasury activities at Dominion Energy, execution of our 2018 financing plan is well underway with continued progress toward achieving our credit goals as discussed on last quarter's call. The most significant remaining transaction is the $3 billion project level financing at Cove Point, which will be in the form of a three-year non-amortizing term loan. This financing is currently in syndication with commitments for over half of the total already received and the balance will be committed in the next two weeks. We expect to close this transaction next month. As a reminder, proceeds of this financing must be used to repay parent-level debt. As to asset sales, we are in the process of evaluating indications of interests for a number of our non-core assets and expect to announce results of that initiative before our next earnings call. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy, operating earnings for the third quarter of 2018 are expected to be between $0.95 and $1.15 per share compared to $1.04 per share earned from last year's third quarter. Positive factors for this year relative to the third quarter of 2017 are earnings from Cove Point, lower tax expense due to tax reform, and a return to normal weather. Negative factors relative to last year are lower solar-related investment tax credits, higher financing costs and a higher share count. Operating earnings guidance for 2018 is unchanged at $3.80 to $4.25 per share. The midpoint of our range is 10% above the middle of last year's guidance range. Given the strong results for the first half of this year, we expect to produce full-year results in the upper half of our guidance range. Our earnings growth rate also remains 6% to 8% for the 2017 through 2020 period. So, let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.86 per share for the second quarter, exceeding the top end of our guidance range. These results were driven by strong performance by our Power Generation Group and higher-than-expected benefits from tax reform. Based on the very strong results for the second quarter, we expect to be in the upper half of our 2018 guidance range, and our 2017 to 2020 earnings growth rate remains 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Our employees' strong safety performance continued through the first half of 2018. I'm very proud of our company-wide commitment to industry leading safety performance. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units for the first half of this year was 95%. Dominion Energy's nuclear fleet has been operating for 660 days and counting, without an unplanned reactor shutdown. The previous record was 339 days set in 2012. We continue to see strong electric sales growth at Virginia Power. Weather normalized sales for the first half of the year were 2.25%, above the first half of last year, and have grown at a 1.7% rate for the last 18 months, led by growth in sales to data centers and residential customers. During the first half of this year, nine new data center campuses were connected. Over the past year, we have added over 400 megawatts of demand capacity across 14 data centers and expect to see continued strong growth. Cove Point Liquefaction entered commercial service early this quarter, and has been operating as designed. Customer utilization is high, as evidenced by the more than 60 billion cubic feet of LNG loaded across 19 cargoes thus far. We continue making progress tuning and ramping activities typical for these early months of operation. Now, for an update on our growth plans, construction of the 1,588 megawatt Greensville County combined-cycle power station continues on time and on budget. The $1.3 billion project is 95% complete. We have achieved first fire and grid sync of the GT-1C and GT-1B turbines, and expect to fire and sync the one GT-1A turbine within the next two weeks. 226 of 253 systems are in commissioning. The Greensville County station is expected to achieve commercial operations late this year. We have begun full construction on numerous portions of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Project, including full construction on all 2018 Supply Header scheduled spreads and active construction in all four West Virginia mountain spreads for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. You may have read that we voluntarily requested a temporary suspension in water body crossings in West Virginia. We remain committed to full compliance with our nationwide permit and have requested this stay temporarily to ensure that the Army Corps has the adequate time to review our plans. We do not expect any significant delays resulting from that review. Just last week, FERC approved our request to begin full mainline construction in North Carolina and mobilization is already underway. Upon approval of our erosion and sediment plan by the Virginia DEQ, which we expect in the coming weeks, we will file a FERC Notice to Proceed for mainline construction in Virginia as well. Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Projects are expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of next year. In regulatory matters, we are pleased that the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection issued its final RFP for procurement of zero carbon resources yesterday in Connecticut. Moreover, we are pleased the DEEP modified the at-risk time period. By doing so, DEEP acknowledged that an existing resource that is determined to be at-risk should have all of its attributes valued now. On May 1, Dominion submitted a petition for at-risk treatment with the Public Utility Regulatory authority which included a full accounting of Millstone's financials. We expect Millstone to be granted at-risk status, which means the bids will be judged on price and non-price attributes, such as carbon, economic impact and fuel security. RFP bids for all zero carbon resources are due September 14, and DEEP is expected to select winners by the end of the year. Winning bidders will execute contracts with the local electric distribution companies thereafter and receive final pure approval early next year. We are also pleased that FERC responded to request for clarification of its March statement on income tax recovery for pipelines owned by MLPs. In an order two weeks ago, FERC reinforced its position that commercial contracts with negotiated rates such as those for Cove Point and the Atlantic Coast Pipeline are not affected by tax-related recourse rate modifications. We continue to study other aspects of the Commission's revised guidance. While FERC's action provides some increased clarity, we will need to have more confidence in the long-term sustainability of the MLP capital markets before resuming our drop-down strategy. Last week, we made our first regulatory filing of the Virginia's Grid Transformation & Security Act, the law enacted earlier this year that paves the way for immediate customer savings, expanded investments in renewable energy and smart grid technology; a stronger, more secure electric grid and improved energy efficiency programs. The filing requests a Corporation Commission to approve the programs, investments and costs included in the first three-year phase of the 10-year grid transformation program. The phase 1 filing calls for over $900 million of investment in grid reliability, resiliency and security. In a separate filing, the company will seek to add 240 megawatts of solar energy in Virginia. The company will soon seek SEC approval for its proposed Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project. The 12-megawatt facility would be the first of its kind in the mid-Atlantic located in a federal lease area about 27 miles off the coast of Virginia Beach. This two-turbine test project is being developed with Ørsted Energy of Denmark, a global leader in offshore wind generation. Finally, I want to make a few comments on our offer to merge with SCANA Corporation. As you know, on January 3, we announced our agreement where Dominion would exchange 0.669 shares of its common stock for each SCANA share. Included in the offer was a customer benefit proposal including upfront payments and ongoing bill reductions, which would substantially and permanently reduce the cost to customers from the abandoned nuclear development project. SCANA has filed a motion to enjoin the South Carolina Public Service Commission from imposing a temporary rate reduction pursuant to legislation enacted earlier this summer on grounds that it is an unconstitutional taking and violative of its due process rights. Hearings on the matter were held Monday and Tuesday of this week, and we are awaiting the judge's decision. The judge stated that she expects to rule soon and before August 7. And yesterday, the merger was overwhelmingly approved by SCANA's shareholders, with a 98% vote of those voting. We've also received clearance from the Federal Trade Commission and approvals from the Georgia Public Service Commission and FERC. We will file testimony with South Carolina Public Service Commission this week. We are optimistic that our proposal will be viewed favorably by regulators and we can complete the transaction later this year. So, to summarize, our business has delivered record-setting operating and strong safety performance for the second quarter. Construction of the Greensville County project is on time and on budget. We have begun full construction on portions of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Project, and anticipate full construction along the entire route later this summer. We are on track to be in service late next year. Cove Point Liquefaction achieved commercial in-service early in the second quarter and is operating as designed. We are optimistic that we will complete our merger with SCANA late this year. And finally, our operating earnings continue to be very strong, and we expect to finish the year in the upper half of our guidance range. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our first question will come from Steve Fleishman, Wolfe.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I know this order just came out, but just the decision by FERC or proposed decision by FERC yesterday on the Enable MRT case and how they interpreted the kind of C-Corp/MLP tax relationship. Any thoughts on how that might impact from your standpoint?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: We're taking a look at the order. Obviously, Steve, as you said, it came out last night. But I'll let Mark comment further on our whole issue around MLP.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Steve, as we've talked about in the past, there's two main issues around the sector today. The first and the largest issue has to do with, is the MLP sector open to equity at all. And based on my knowledge, over the past eight months, there's only been one transaction done. It was done at a very significant discount for a very small amount of equity. We're a drop-down story and so that market is not open to us and this mechanism doesn't work for us at DM. The second issue is the one that you referenced and that is the FERC ability to gross up for assets that are held within MLPs. Our structure is a little bit different than Enable, but it is of a concern to us and it's something we will be watching closely. But I have to say, of the two issues, market access is the bigger one for us. We've been watching it closely for several months, and we'll be talking to both Dominion Energy board and the Dominion Midstream board over the next several months on what the current state of the MLP market is in terms of equity for their consideration.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just is there any timeline on this kind of review with DM? Is it the next three to six months? Is it a year?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Oh, no, it's going to be certainly no longer than the three to six months. And I would say it's probably going to be more on the short side of that.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one other question, just on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, so this Fourth Circuit Court seems to be a problem, at least on Mountain Valley. I know you're addressing the Army Corps permit. But then last week, we had the permit from the Forest Service and BLM, and I don't know if you have an issue potentially with those two. Could you just talk a little bit more about how you're managing things other than just the water crossings and conviction that you can hit the timeline?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: So, Steve, I'll give a preliminary answer and I will turn it over to Diane Leopold. Speaking about the Fourth Circuit, I just saw headlines. I haven't read the decision. It actually came out this morning that Fourth Circuit upheld the MVP 401 permits from Virginia just this morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: And I can assure you, ours has been a very thorough review with the Virginia DEQ on our 401 permit. And as far as the others, the stay that we asked for voluntarily with the Corps of Engineers, I'll have Diane talk about it. The Forest Service issues we have are different than MVP had had, but Diane will cover that for you.
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Okay. Good morning. So let me start with the Army Corps issue. In that case, it's related to a 72-hour time limit to cross the stream. And our cases are very different in there. And Mountain Valley is through theirs right now. We have been committed, remain committed to be able to make those crossings in that timeframe to meet the compliance requirement, and we'll continue to do so. Just out of an abundance of caution, we decided that we would request this temporary suspension so that we can have the time to talk that through with the Army Corps and they can thoroughly review the crossings and our design and our methods for compliance within that. With respect to the latest one with Mountain Valley, there were two issues: there's the BLM, which does not apply to us; and then the Forest Service. And while there are certain aspects of the case that was raised in the Atlantic Coast appeal also, we do believe the facts and circumstances to be quite different between the two. And the Forest Service, in our case, has conducted a very thorough and rigorous and very transparent review of our impacts. And so, we do believe and are confident that the agency will proceed with our – will be upheld – the approval will be upheld and affirmed by the court in the case of the Forest Service issue. And then our final issue is we're continuing to work through this incidental take permit. The Fish and Wildlife Service helpfully put on record to FERC that it does not impact the majority of our areas, including North Carolina. So we received our Notice to Proceed for North Carolina last week and are mobilizing there. So we answered questions back to the Fish and Wildlife Service as they process our new incidental take permit, and we expect that to be resolved quickly.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Long and short of that, Steve, is that nothing has happened and we don't expect anything to happen that will take us off our schedule late next year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski, Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So my first question is you guys mentioned that there was a larger-than-expected tax benefit. So is it just related to this quarter or will it have annual implications?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hey, Angie, this is Mark. We operate in multiple jurisdictions. And as we put out guidance at the beginning of the year, we've put our best foot forward on what we thought how different people would handle things. Obviously, it's going to be better than what we thought this year. On the first quarter call, I think we expected $0.10 to $0.15 annual benefit from tax reform. It's certainly going to be probably in the $0.15 to $0.20 range, at least, and a large portion of that will continue mainly driven by our contracted or unregulated assets.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That's okay. Thank you. On the term loan on the project debt for Cove Point, is this – I mean, the fact that it's a three-year loan, I mean, is it surprisingly short or it's just my perception?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: I think ultimately we would want to have a longer loan for Cove, but the legal structure around Cove Point involved Midstream right now. And to make sure that it's a very clean document, we elected to go short on this and got all of our banking partners comfortable. So they're going to take this loan for the three-year period. It's important to note that we can prepay this loan at any time with no penalty. So we'll see what the long-term financing should be around Cove. I suspect it will be much longer than three years.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And my last question, the renewable growth in Virginia. Just remind me, was this included – so both solar and offshore wins? Were those included in your updated growth plan that you launched last year?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Angie, this is Paul Koonce. The Grid Transformation & Security Act found that 5,000 megawatts was in the public interest of renewables, onshore and offshore. So, last week, we announced our intent to have 3,000 megawatts, either in operation or in development by 2022. Some of that will be in the form of PPA, some of that will be self-developed, and we are in the process of updating those capital schedules now. Mark and team will be communicating that later this fall.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Angie, let me add, the incremental spend that wouldn't be disclosed already would be mainly in the 2020 to 2022 timeframe. We announced previously that we're going to have CapEx reductions of about $1 billion from previous plans. We're committed to that. But there will be incremental capital added 2020 to 2022. We'll give that update as we usually do in the fall timeframe.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So perhaps just a quick clarifying question, following up on Steve's earlier one on the ACP. Can you just give us a little bit of a sense for potential critical milestones when it comes to just timeline itself? Obviously, there's certain windows for construction et cetera, just to give us a little bit more sense of your added comfort here on the timeline, so sort of sidestepping the specific issues of which obviously you've addressed already with Steve earlier, but just – is there a critical date by which you need to get clarity?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: There's nothing pending that we'll – nothing we're working on, nor anything pending that gives us any concern about the timeline.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: If something happened in the future, but where we are today, there is nothing that we are working on with regulators or it's in the courts that we think will affect the timing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Thank you for the clarity there. But, separately, going back to some of the other commentary about financing, can you elaborate a little bit on your thoughts on asset sales at this point just vis-à-vis you've obviously got a number of different things potentially contemplated? Just curious, Blue Racer, power plants, et cetera, I mean, is there a preference, a pecking order, if you will, on assets to potentially sell down to reach your targets and again the timeline there, it would seem at least per the media that things are already underway?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Julien, it's Mark. We don't really have a preference. We're going to take the best value that we offered if we think it's fair value on the assets that we talk about previously. Obviously, from some of the prepared remarks you can see we're pretty far down the road on some of this since we're going to – we believe anyway we'll announce results prior to the next quarter's call. There's been a lot of interest in both Blue Racer and in the fossil assets, and we're talking to a number of different parties seriously about those. So we think we'll have closure on FPs (29:35). They probably won't be closed by the end of the third quarter, but we'll certainly have clarity and have signed documents to go ahead and move toward a closing process in the near term after that. We're quite optimistic on it. The asset is a whole of lot value, and I think the counterparties we're talking to, at least in the early stages, agree with that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And to clarify there, just to be extra clear, could you potentially sell all of the assets, or are you singularly solving for a proceeds number?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: We don't have to sell all those assets to meet the credit targets and debt reduction that we've committed to, but we could sell all those assets if the value met the thresholds that we were looking for.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Excellent. Thank you, all. Best of luck.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd, Morgan Stanley.
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just to follow up, I think I understood that last point on Julien's question on the non-core assets. But I guess in general, are you encouraged by the level of interest and indications that you've been receiving so far?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Very encouraged. Again, we...
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: ...we're always talking to assets that have a lot of value and based on discussions with multiple parties, so obviously a lot of other people do as well.
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then just on Atlantic Coast Pipeline, I think you gave a lot of great color. I just wanted to make sure I understood the Fish and Wildlife process in the state of Virginia. Where do we stand on that, and what's the sort of next steps there?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, Fish and Wildlife, we have the permit we need from the Fish and Wildlife. There's been a lawsuit filed over that permit that's sitting in the courts right now. There's no other process with Fish and Wildlife.
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Just the Incidental Take.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yeah. There's the permit through the Forest – I'm sorry. I was confusing out, I thought you were asking about Forest Service. Forest Service were done. Fish and Wildlife, the court said that their Incidental Take permit needed more specificity. They've been working on that, and we expect it to be issued relatively soon. But they've put on the docket at FERC that a very small part of the pipeline was affected by the Endangered Species Act and the Incidental Take permit, and that's why we've been able to go full bore with a lot of construction.
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I see. So, basically, yeah, the portions affected were very small. That allows you to continue forward with your work. And then I guess we'll just have to assess when the court comes out with the revised language on the Incidental Take I guess then we would then assess what that means, or is there anything further to read into that?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: No, there's really nothing further we would expect. This is Diane Leopold, sorry. The Fish and Wildlife Service would quickly then reissue a new revised Incidental Take Statement consistent with that. But all through this time, their biological opinion remains in full force and effect.
Stephen C. Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Praful Mehta, Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So just to follow up on the asset sales, just in terms of tax and tax leakage, what's the kind of numbers we should be thinking about for potential tax leakage and is there a preference given the tax profile of those two assets in terms of which one you would like to sell?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: There is probably a preference, but it's not one I'd like to talk about. They all have different tax profiles. And so, again, we'll look at the bottom-line value that's offered net of tax. It's important to note, too, we have a significant number of NOLs currently, so we may be able to protect ourselves on some of the tax exposure. But tax will be part of the ultimate decision, so I wouldn't lean one way or the other on what the tax basis is for any of those as being the driving factor.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Fair enough. And sorry if you've already addressed this question, but just on the MLP side, given there's no real drop-down planned at this point and given where the market is, is there a call you plan to take at some point in terms of the future of the direction of the MLP?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, I mentioned earlier that we will be talking to both the Dominion Energy and Dominion Midstream board here over the next couple of months on the status of current equity markets in the MLP sector. I referenced that, at least this year, to my knowledge, there's only been one very small equity transaction in the market, and it's been at pretty significant discount. So, obviously, if these equity markets aren't open to us, the DM structure that we've set up to finance assets that are dropped in doesn't work, and we'll have to determine what the best course is. But I would expect we will review that more in the near term than in the long term.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. So by year-end 2018, you would have a direction kind of where you want to take DM?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, I think one of the other callers asked a timeframe of three to six months, and I said I'd probably put it on the short side of that.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, this does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hamlin - VP, IR and Financial Planning Tom Farrell - CEO Mark McGettrick - CFO Paul Koonce - EVP, President and CEO of Dominion Generation Group
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Group Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor Statement. 
Tom Hamlin: Good morning and welcome to the fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our websites, register for email alerts, and view our fourth quarter and full-year earnings documents. Our website addresses are dominionenergy.com and dominionenergymidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussions. And now for the usual cautionary language; the earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners’ press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results and Dominion Energy's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $3.60 per share for 2017 which was in the middle of our guidance range. Mild weather conditions in our electric service territory in both the winter and summer had a $0.10 per share negative impact on our results. Adjusting for weather, our earnings results were in the upper half of our range. Other negative factors impacting earnings were a lower allowed rate of returns on our Virginia rider projects and lower margins from our merchant generation business. The positive factors for the year relative to our guidance includes lower than expected general merchant capacity expenses, interest expenses and operating expenses. EBITDA summaries of our operating segments for the fourth quarter and full year 2017 are shown on slides four and five. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of our operating segments in 2017. GAAP earnings were $4.93 per share for the year. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a $988 million gain due to tax reform, primarily driven by an adjustment to a deferred tax liability. The reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $299 million for 2017, which is more than double the level produced in 2016. Distributable cash flow was $178 million, which was 68% higher than 2016. The acquisition of Questar Pipeline in December of 2016 was the principal driver of the increase. On January 25th, Dominion Energy Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $31.8 per common unit payable on February 15th. This distribution represents a 5% increase over the last quarter’s payment and is consistent with our 22% per year distribution growth rate plan. Our coverage ratio remains strong at 1.29 times. Also we are in advanced stages of securing a $500 million revolving credit facility for Dominion Midstream that will replace its existing credit line with the parent company. This should be in place in the next few weeks. Moving to treasury activities at Dominion Energy, cash flow from operating activities was $4.6 billion for 2017. We have $5.5 billion for credit facilities and taking into account cash, short term investments and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the year with available liquidity of $2.2 billion. We are also in the process of increasing Dominion’s credit facilities by $500 million up to a total of $6 billion, which would further improve our liquidity. For statements of cash flow and liquidity please see pages 13 and 24 of the earnings release kit. On Slide 8, we outline a number of initiatives we've planned for 2018 which are in support of our balance sheet and credit profile. First, we issued $500 million of new common equity through our at-the-market program in January. This issuance was not related to our planned SCANA financing. Second, we've reviewed our capital spending plan and anticipate reducing our expenditures by $1 billion over the next two years. These reductions will have no impact on our previously disclosed growth capital estimate. Third, as I just mentioned, we are securing an extension in upsize of Dominion's credit facilities up to a total of $6 billion. This is in addition to the new $500 million credit facility planned at Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. And finally, we're initiating the process of de-levering a parent company and on a net basis will reduce holding company debt by $800 million or more this year. These and other elements of our 2018 financing plan excluding our planned SCANA transactions are shown on Slide 9. I want to assure everyone that we're committed to investment grade ratings and we'll strive to meet the associated credit metrics. Moving to tax reform on Slide 10, recently enacted changes to the federal tax code were a significant impact on most utilities. Assessing the impact is a difficult process for a multifaceted company like Dominion, operating in seven different states. In estimating the ongoing impact from tax reform, we've assumed that the benefits of lower tax rates will be passed-through to customers in all of our state regulated businesses. On the plus side, lower tax rates will improve the profitability of our non-regulated and long-term contracted businesses. Also the normalization, amortization of excess deferred income taxes will provide incremental growth to rate base in our regulated businesses. On the negative side as highlighted by some of the recent comments from the rating agencies, tax reform creates strong credit headwinds particularly for companies like Dominion who are currently not-cash taxpayers. We estimate the 2018 impact of federal tax reform will be a positive $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Now to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy, operating earnings for 2018 are expected to be between $3.80 and $4.25 per share. The midpoint of our range is 10% above the middle of last year's guidance range. Positive factors compared to last year are earnings from Cove Point and return to normal weather, one fewer refueling outage at Millstone, and a lower effective tax rate due to tax reforms. However, a large portion of the tax reform benefit will be offset by the delay in promotional operation for Cove Point. Tom Farrell will expand on the operational timing of Cove Point in a few minutes. Negative factors for 2018 compared to last year include lower investment tax credits, higher financing costs, and share dilution. Our earnings growth rate remains 6% to 8% for the 2017 through 2020 period. This compound growth rate could improve to 8% plus if we are successful in our efforts to combine with SCANA Corporation. Our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of this year is $0.95 to $1.15 per share compared to $0.97 for the first quarter of last year. Positive factors for the quarter compared to last year's first quarter are returned to normal weather, a contribution from Cove Point export, higher merchant generation margins and federal tax reform. Negative factors include lower solar investment tax credits, higher financing cost, higher capacity expenses and higher DD&A. You will notice in our guidance documents that projected EBITDA for our operating segments and total company were showed a decline compared to the prior period, even though net income and earnings per share are higher. This is due to the impact of the flow-through benefits of tax reform and our state regulated businesses. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $3.60 per share, remaining in the middle of our guidance range despite mild weather. Changes to federal tax code are expected to be a net positive for Dominion's earnings. We are taking aggressive steps to strengthen our balance sheet to offset the credit impact of tax reform and 2018 operating earnings are expected to be at least 10% above the midpoint of our 2017 operating earnings guidance range, consistent with previous guidance. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued at Dominion Energy in 2017. All of our business units either met or exceeded their safety goals for the year. Our employees set an all-time low OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.66 in 2016. In 2017, they exceeded that record by an additional 10% to a new record low of 0.60. We are very proud of our companywide commitment to improve safety performance. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units in 2017 was a record 95.1%, exceeding the previous record of 93.7% set in 2013. Weather-normalized electric sales for the year were up 1.7% over 2016, led by growth and sales to data centers and residential customers. Total new customer connects were above our expectations with strong growths in both residential and commercial sectors. For the year, we connected 13 new data centers compared to 11 in 2016. Now few comments on Millstone Power Station, we are looking forward to the opportunity to compete with other non-emitting generating resources in a state-sponsored solicitation for zero carbon electricity. It provides a path-forward to retain 1,500 well-paying jobs in Millstone's substantial environmental energy and economic benefits for Connecticut. Preliminary reports issued by DEEP and PURA in December and January highlighted the importance of Millstone to the region's power markets and the state's economy. We have worked with the regulatory agencies including the sharing of confidential financial information, to convey the actual cost of operating two dissimilar units in a high regional labor market. An updated report issued on January 22, concluded that the solicitation should take place in that Millstone can't participate. Our recent report from ISO New England regarding the region’s future fuel security and reliability risks also supports the need for Millstone. The final report from DEEP and PURA is expected this week and we look forward continue to work through this process with the Connecticut regulators. Now for an update on our growth plans; construction of the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County Combined Cycle Power Station continues on time and on budget. As of December 31, the $1.3 billion project was 73% complete. All major equipment is set. The primary natural gas line and M&R station are completed and awaiting final commissioning. Greensville is on schedule to achieve first buyer in the second quarter and is expected to achieve commercial operations late this year. The upgrade of our electric transmission network continues. In 2017, we invested $806 million and placed $519 million of assets into service. We plan to invest $800 million on electrical transmission business this year and every year for at least the next decade. Progress on our growth plan for gas infrastructure continues as well. Construction of our Cove Point Liquefaction project is complete and we are in the final stages of commissioning. While commissioning has taken longer than we originally planned, we are progressing toward an in-service state in early March. This is an enormously complicated process, and we and our contractors are ensuring that all the work is done safely, thoroughly and correctly. We are currently in the process of cooling down to liquefying temperatures to make LNG and met final tuning and testing phase. The actual production of LNG at the facility is imminent. Once commercial, our contracts become effective and the project will produce the expected earnings we have previously discussed. However, as Mark mentioned, the absence of these earnings for the first few months of the year will offset some of the earnings benefits expected from lower income taxes. Nevertheless, we still expect 2018 earnings to be at least 10% above the midpoint of last year’s guidance. On January 19th, FERC issued a Limited Notice to proceed for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project, which allows us to begin felling trees. Tree-felling started for ACP in Virginia and West Virginia on January 20th and for the Supply Header on January 26th. We are making excellent progress particularly in the mountain areas. Last week, we received our final North Carolina 401 water quality permit as well as our final E&S permits from West Virginia. We expect all remaining major permits including our Army Corps 404 and Virginia E&S permits any day. These are the final major permits necessary to request FERC authorization to commence full construction. We remain on schedule for completion of the projects in the second half of next year. It is noteworthy that during the cold weather earlier this month, power crisis in Virginia and North Carolina increased substantially, surpassing the highest daily power price average in New England by 10% and underscoring the urgent need for the increased regional gas transportation that the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Project will provide. Finally, a few comments on our offer to merge with SCANA Corporation, on January 3rd, we announced our agreement for Dominion would exchange 0.669 shares of its common stock for each SCANA share. Including the offer was a proposal for upfront payments and ongoing build reductions that would substantially reduce the cost to customers from the abandoned nuclear development projects. We filed a regulatory proposal with South Carolina Public Service Commission on January 12thj. All of the other state regulatory filings and the application for Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance have been made. We expect to receive approval from SCANA's shareholders in May. We’ve participated in legislative caring to explain our proposals to lawmakers who are considering possible changes to the South Carolina Base Load Review Act. We are optimistic that our proposal will be viewed favorably by law makers and regulators, and we can complete the transaction later this year. So to summarize, our businesses delivered record setting operating safety performance in 2017. Construction of the Greensville County project in on-time and on budget, commissioning of Cove Point is continuing, and we expect to be in service in early March. We received the Limited Notice to Proceed for Atlanta Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project and have begun tree-felling along the route. Other permits are expected any day. We expect earnings growth of at least 10% in 2018 driven by completion of the Cove Point Liquefaction project and 6% to 8% from 2017 to 2020. Success in our efforts to merge with SCANA could increase our growth rate to 8 plus percent. Because of our unique MLP structure, our superior cash flows will also allow a dividend growth rate of Dominion Energy of 10% per year through at least 2020. And finally, the programmatic investment plans across all of our business units we’ve highlighted last fall, provide the foundation for earnings growth of at least 5% well into the next decade. With that, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first quarter will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Notwithstanding just the very short delay that you’ve got on Cove Point, when I think about the structural benefits of tax reform, the $0.10 to $0.15, because obviously being delayed a few months of Cove Point is just a few months doesn’t really matter in the long run. Is it fair to think about the steps you’ve taken in terms of issuing the 500 million of equity and reducing the CapEx budget by about $1 billion and bringing -- starting the $800 million of targeted debt reduction at the parent early? Like all those things are sort of you’re taking the earnings benefit of tax reform and utilizing that to get a jumpstart on the deleveraging goals? So in other words like your earning targets are so on track because you were able to take the benefits of tax reform and use them to get a jump on the deleveraging that you’ve articulated you’re looking to achieve. Is that the right way to think about this? Or am I not thinking about it correctly?
Mark McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. I think you’re right on track there. A large piece of that we’re using to go ahead and aggressively support credit. One reason, we went ahead and issued equity at the market in January, knowing what our position was going to be even with a slight delay in Cove. So, we did take advantage of that and we’re committed to the ratings that we have. We will take the steps necessary to support that and we took advantage of taxes to get a jump start.
Greg Gordon: Great, I just wanted to make sure I understood that, that was the sort of what you were doing. Other than that I actually don't have any other questions, congratulations on a good year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, a quick clarification actually, just given the conversations with Moody's and other agencies of late, just to the extent at which you've updated your plan at present. Does this put you in a position to get back on track and remove some of these outlooks? I mean obviously you've probably added some of the conversations you've shared with us this morning. Is this more of a question of timing and execution to get you up and put debt metrics in a place that is consistent with the agencies for your current ratings? Is that the right way to think about that at this point? And maybe you could even share just a little bit on, how you see the FFO to debt profile off the lows here progressing?
Mark McGettrick: Hi, Julien, this is Mark. We have shared with agency our plans, and this is obviously an industry-wide issue for regulated utilities in terms of FFO pressure because of tax reform. We think this gives us a very strong start to support our FFO metrics going forward, but there's probably more work to be done in the future. The approach I think we believe agency is going to take are for all the companies that are impacted by the FFO is to make sure they can execute the plans that they outlined for the agencies and for investors and that's what we're committed to do to get our FFO metrics where all the agencies are comfortable with them and very strong investment grade, that's our commitment and will remain our commitment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And I wanted to come back to the earnings growth. Obviously, you've got a number of moving pieces in the update, not least of which at the $0.10 to $0.15 in tax reform. I know you in the key takeaways reaffirmed the 8% plus trajectory, but can you talk about ex-SCANA just how this might shift your standalone prospects for the earnings outlook, if it does at all?
Mark McGettrick: Well, Julien, I think, I hope we've been clear on at that -- our 2017, 2020 growth rate is 6% to 8% without SCANA on a compound annual rate. And I think as Tom mentioned, 5 plus percent post 2020. If we're successful in the SCANA transaction that growth rate from '17 to '20 could move to 8 plus percent. So with or without SCANA, we're in terrific position with one of the best growth rates we believe in the industry and one of the highest dividend growth rates as well, but certainly SCANA would be a positive result for us.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Same question in a different way. Assuming that $0.10 to $0.15 net benefit continued through 2020, why wouldn’t you be a little bit higher in your 6% to 8% growth? Or is that $0.10 to $0.15 change over the period?
Mark McGettrick: Steve, I think it's going to change a little bit over the period, but again I think the 6% to 8% range we feel real comfortable with and there's a lot of moving parts on tax reforms still in terms of how states might handle it, how FERC might handle it, and timing of the cash impacts on that. So, we've made our best assumptions here, and we think that 6% to 8% is the right range without SCANA. Could it move us off a little bit? It's possible. I don't think it will move us down at all, but I think taxes could move around little bit post '18.
Steve Fleishman: And then just to clarify, could you remind us if you are including any Millstone kind of benefits of the potential contract there on not in your plan?
Mark McGettrick: We are not. Again, our range that could move us within our range depending on the success at Millstone, but we did not put a specific number in when we came out with our 6% to 8% growth range for prior to the Millstone legislative work.
Steve Fleishman: Could you maybe also just talk a little bit about the Virginia legislation that was recently proposed? And then what's Dominion's view on that and potential impacts?
Tom Farrell: Steve, this is Tom. There is a comprehensive piece of legislation that has been developed by a variety of leaders in the General Assembly, both in the Senate and the House that deals with lots of issues in the state energy policy. It's moving through -- Virginia moves legislation through in a very rapid pace normally. And I don’t think this will be an exception, they have to adjourn by the end of the first week of March. So, we are working with a variety of stakeholders on it. We think there are some very good things in it. There are some things that will have to accommodate ourselves to, but overall we think it's constructive a piece of legislation for our state and our customers.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: I was wondering if -- maybe you could discuss some of the opportunities that you see from the legislation for both investors and customers. I know in the past we have talked about grid mod and riders and some other possible benefits.
Tom Farrell: I don’t -- I think it's premature to talk about it. There is still lots of work to be done on it -- maybe a little bit later when we see the final products in the committee hearing will be coming up in the next couple of weeks, and we will see how goes from here. And we'll be in a position to talk about it I think more thoroughly on the next call.
Michael Weinstein: On the Dominion Midstream, in the past you used to talk about $7 billion to $8 billion of cash from 2016 to 2020. Is there any update for that as well post tax reform?
Mark McGettrick: No update on that, Michael. We still expect that cash to come back to Dominion and that is the one of the many levers we are going to have to de-lever the parent. That story has been consistent in terms of the drop of Cove Point into the Dominion midstream and the benefits back to the mainly shareholders since day one and we fully expect to execute on that beginning in this year.
Michael Weinstein: And just one last question on -- in New England, can you talk about whether you would -- whether you plan to bid in the forward capacity auction Millstone? Or is that dependent on the outcome on February 1st of the review?
Paul Koonce: Michael, this is Paul Koonce. We are not prepared to discuss what we are going to bid. I mean that’s obviously competitively sensitive. So, we are working very well with both DEEP and PURA to kind get through that process. They are going to issue their final report as Tom said later this week. That will we believe lead to an RFP being issued in the May timeframe, and so we will be working with DEEP and PURA between the final report in May to understand the structure of a bid and then we will submit our bid as any others.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Group. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski : So my question is -- okay, so, the $1 billion reduction in your CapEx doesn’t impact your gross CapEx? So, what is this? Is this maintenance CapEx that is getting reduced?
Mark McGettrick : Hey, Angie, this is Mark. It's going to be a number of things. The largest component of that $1 billion is associated with an announcement we’ve made recently to go ahead and put nine of our generating facilities in Virginia into coal storage based on current market economics. The timing of that over the next 12 months or so would have required a lot of maintenance at all those units and that will be a lowered portion of the reduction. But there will also be reductions in other non-core maintenance activities over the next couple of years to come up with the $1 billion over the two year period. But we have very good line of sight on that.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Second question on the credit negative outlook, credit outlook and -- okay so the negative outlook was issued in January and if I understand it correctly, the credit agencies were already aware of the equity financing and the lower CapEx that you’re proposing. Does it mean that you need to step up some of the credit improvement initiative i.e. do I need to account for more equity come '19 and ‘20?
Mark McGettrick : Angie, when we shared with the agencies our plans over the next three years, it was associated with the SCANA transaction and we had not adjusted for the equity that we’ve talked about today or the $1 billion adjustment. They were not advised until very recently and that was a decision that we made internally here to make sure that we -- our focus on the metrics -- they know we’re focused on the metrics and are making quick headway to improve that based on the tax reform impact. So, they were in their original numbers and we think this is a big step forward, as we go ahead and complete SCANA transaction.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: I just wanted to check in on the overall goals in terms of leverage given a lot of helpful commentary this morning around target credit metrics. But just -- you had mentioned in the past the desire to reduce the holdco debt as a percentage of total debt moving from 50% down to lower level by the end of the decade, I believe 30% to 40%. Is that still we should be thinking in terms of how you think about your total holdco leverage?
Tom Farrell: Yes, you’re sure. That’s the same range. We may get although little quicker for some of the changes that we talked about today, but that is the range we’re targeting by 2020, 30% to 40% at the holdco as a percentage of total family debt.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, great. And then shifting, this is I know a little broader and off the beaten path, but couldn’t help but notice the Amazon shortlist locations, three of them are in your territories. Have you all thought through what might be required in terms of infrastructure, if one of those selections took place? Is this something that could be material in terms of infrastructure? Or is it more likely you can broadly utilize the existing infrastructure that you have?
Tom Farrell: Well, there’s talking about a lot of jobs and a lot of -- that means a lot of homes and residences and businesses to spin off of that 50,000 jobs over a decade I think. And obviously depending upon where it is they want mass transportation, you’re referring I am sure -- what you’re referring to I think obviously is the District of Columbia, suburban Marilyn and Suburban Virginia were all suburbs of Washington were all included on that shortlist. There will be a lot to deal with over a decade, and we’re hopeful that they see the wisdom of coming in the right state.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s conference call. You may disconnect you lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc. Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc. Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc. Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement. Sir, please begin.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our websites, register for email alerts, and view our third quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dominionenergy.com and dominionenergymidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language; the earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Energy Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the quarter and Dominion Energy's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $1.04 per share for the third quarter of 2017; it was in the middle of our guidance range. Positive factors versus guidance for the quarter were lower interest expenses, income taxes, and operating expenses. Negative drivers include lower merchant power margins and continued mild weather. In fact, the negative earnings impact of mild weather across our electric and gas operations during the first three quarters of the year was $0.12 per share. GAAP earnings were $1.03 per share for the third quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were charges related to our integration of Questar. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment, Power Delivery produced EBITDA of $441 million for the third quarter, which was in the middle of its guidance range. The impact of slightly mild weather was offset by lower operating expenses. EBITDA at Power Generation was $565 million (sic) [$865 million] (03:55) for the third quarter, which was below the middle of its guidance range. Lower PG and merchant margins were the principal negative driver, along with slightly mild weather. Partially offsetting these factors were lower operating and maintenance expenses. Gas Infrastructure produced EBITDA of $471 million for the third quarter, which is near the high end of its guidance range, primarily due to lower operating expenses. Overall, we are very pleased with results from all of our operating segments. For the third quarter of 2017, Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $76.2 million which was nearly three times the level produced in the third quarter of 2016. Distributable cash flow was $45.8 million, 90% higher than the level of last year's third quarter. The acquisition of Questar Pipeline in December of last year was the principal driver of the increase. On October 24, Dominion Energy Midstream board of directors declared a distribution of $0.3025 per common unit, payable on November 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our 22% per year distribution growth rate plan. Our coverage ratio remains extremely strong at 1.28 times. Moving to treasury activities at Dominion Energy, cash flow from operating activities was $3.7 billion through the third quarter. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities and taking into account cash, short-term investments, and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $2.5 billion. For the status of our 2017 financings, please see slide 7; and for statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. Earlier this month, the partners in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline closed on a construction financing facility designed to fund roughly half of the costs to construct the pipeline. The first funding of $570 million took place last week to cover a portion of the costs incurred to-date. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. We have hedged 98% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone, and have started hedging 2018 production, principally for the first quarter. We plan to limit our hedging of 2018 production until we see the outcome of legislation in Connecticut. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy. Operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2017 are expected to be between $0.80 and $1 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.99 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. Positive factors compared to last year's fourth quarter are earnings from our growth projects and the benefit from recently announced agreement between Dominion Products and Services and HomeServe USA. Negative factors for the fourth quarter compared to last year include a refueling outage at Millstone, lower import revenues from Cove Point, lower investment tax credits from solar projects, and higher PJM electric capacity expenses. Dominion Energy's operating earnings guidance for the full year of 2017 remains $3.40 to $3.90 per share. We remain confident that operating earnings for 2018 will increase by at least 10% over the $3.65 per share midpoint of this year's earnings guidance range, driven primarily by earnings from our Cove Point export facility which will be in service later this year. We also reiterate our expectation of a 6% to 8% EPS growth rate from 2017 through 2020, an EPS growth of at least 5% per year thereafter. So, let me summarize my financial review; third quarter operating earnings were $1.04 per share, landing in the middle of our guidance range despite continued mild weather. Fourth quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.80 to $1 per share, and 2018 operating earnings are expected to be at least 10% above the midpoint of our 2017 operating earnings guidance range. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued at Dominion. All of our business units either met or exceeded their safety goals through the first nine months of the year. I'm pleased that our employees set an all-time low OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.66 last year and are on track to improve on that record this year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units through the end of the third quarter was over 96%. Weather-normalized electric sales for the first three quarters of the year were up 1.7% over the same period last year, led by growth in sales to data centers and residential customers. Year-to-date total new customer connects are in line with our expectations, and strong growth in commercial connections have offset slightly lower than expected growth in residential new connects. Through the third quarter, we have connected 11 new data centers compared to 7 for the first nine months of last year. Also during the quarter, our Gas Infrastructure group executed an amendment to an existing Marcellus farm-out agreement, locking in the remaining value under the agreement and securing payments totaling $130 million in 2017 and 2018. You will recall that in 2015 when we began discussing our farm-out program, we anticipated generating between $450 million and $500 million in earnings from farm-out transactions from 2015 through 2020. We are halfway through that timeline, and despite less than ideal commodity market conditions, we have already achieved nearly three-quarters of our objective. Last week, the Connecticut General Assembly approved legislation that will allow our Millstone nuclear plant the opportunity to compete with other non-emitting generating resources in a state-sponsored solicitation for zero-carbon electricity. On behalf of the 1,500 women and men working at Millstone Power Station, Dominion Energy thanks the General Assembly for giving Millstone this opportunity and is grateful to the Malloy administration for his work in negotiating the current form of the legislation. It provides a path forward to retain 1,500 well-paying jobs and Millstone's substantial environmental, energy, and economic benefits to Connecticut. Now, for an update on our growth plans; construction of the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County Combined Cycle Power Station continues on-time and on-budget. As of September 30, the $1.3 billion project was 60% complete. The air-cooled condenser is over 80% complete. All pipe rack modules have been set and pipe welding continues at a steady rate. Greensville is on schedule to achieve first fire in the second quarter of next year, and is expected to achieve commercial operations in late 2018. We have a number of solar projects under development, and continue to see demand for renewables from our customers. Year-to-date, six solar facilities totaling approximately 169 megawatts have achieved commercial operation. For all remaining 2017 projects, panel deliveries have been secured and the projects are on schedule for completion this quarter. In total, we have announced 457 megawatts that will go into service this year, and expect to add another 200 megawatts by the end of next year, increasing our gross operating portfolio from 1,660 megawatts to over 1,800 megawatts, of which 700 will be in Virginia and North Carolina. Earlier this month, we announced we will add solar generation to serve a new data center Facebook plans to build in Central Virginia. Pending State Corporation Commission approval, this need will be met with a new rate option, Schedule RF, which will allow large energy users to meet their needs through the addition of renewable energy resources. We are currently evaluating the potential for pump storage project in the coalfield region of Virginia. A preliminary permanent application has been filed with FERC, identifying a potential project site in Tazewell County, Virginia. We've also contracted with Virginia Tech to study the feasibility of using an abandoned coal mine in Wise County to construct a pump storage facility. The General Assembly has enacted legislation stating that construction of one or more new pump storage electric generating facilities in Southwest Virginia is in the public interest with costs recoverable through a rate rider. In July, we announced that we had signed an agreement with Ørsted, formerly DONG Energy of Denmark, a global leader in offshore wind development, to build two turbines off the coast of Virginia Beach. The two companies are now refining agreements for engineering, procurement, and construction. Dominion Energy will remain the sole owner of the project, which is targeted for completion in 2020. We plan to seek wider recovery for the project during the first half of next year. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. Through the end of the third quarter, $419 million of assets have been placed into service. We plan to invest $800 million in our electric transmission business this year and every year thereafter for at least the next decade. Progress on our growth plan for Gas Infrastructure continues as well. Our Cove Point Liquefaction Project is now 97% complete and remains on-time and on-budget. Construction is essentially complete. All processes have been turned over for site commissioning and we have entered the final phase of start-up. We have completed the initial operating run on auxiliary reboilers, steam turbine generators, Frame 7EA combustion turbine, and numerous motors, pumps, and compressors that are part of the liquefaction process. FERC has approved the introduction of all hydrocarbons necessary to generate LNG. The operation's formal training is complete. We are fully staffed with trained and qualified operators. We will begin generating LNG next month, then conclude commissioning in December, and expect to be in service by the end of the year. We're continuing the work toward the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. On October 13, FERC issued its Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity, and we filed our acceptance of the certificate the following week. The project has achieved several additional permitting milestones over the last few weeks, including the Biological Opinion from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, approval of the Virginia Outdoor Foundation easements, and approval from the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries. ACP and Supply Header have essentially completed the design and engineering, executed the construction contracts, and completed 90% of materials procurement. We expect to commence construction late this year and to complete both the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header in the second half of 2019. We've also made progress on nine Gas Infrastructure growth projects representing over $1 billion of investment. Three of these projects have been completed this year, and we expect two more to be completed by year-end. In addition to these incremental projects, we plan to invest $325 million to $350 million per year in our three gas utilities as part of our ongoing pipeline replacement programs. These costs are recoverable through rate rider programs in all three jurisdictions. And in September, we announced a long-term investment program to modernize our Dominion Energy Transmission's pipeline and storage infrastructure. These investments will deliver operating reliability, security, safety, and environmental benefits, and are expected to total about $250 million per year. To support this investment program, we plan to file a rate case in the first half of next year, the first for this pipeline in over 20 years, in which we will request updated rates and establish a tracker for recovery of the modernization investments. Finally, earlier this month, Dominion Energy's board of directors declared a dividend of $0.77 per share for the fourth quarter of this year, an increase of 10% above the dividend paid in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase reflects the board's confidence in Dominion Energy's execution of its growth plan, and the enhanced cash flows made possible by our master limited partnership. Our plan is to share these benefits with our shareholders by growing our dividend at a 10% rate through at least 2020. So, to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the third quarter. Construction of the Greensville County project is on-time and on-budget. Construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction Project is essentially complete, and commissioning is well underway to be in service late this year, on-time and on-budget. We received the FERC Certificate for Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Project and will commence construction soon. And we expect earnings of at least 10% in 2018, driven by completion of the Cove Point Liquefaction Project, and 6% to 8% growth from 2017 to 2020. We further expect earnings per share growth of at least 5% per year thereafter, supported by a diverse set of growth programs. Because of our unique MLP structure, our superior cash flows will also allow a dividend growth rate at Dominion Energy of 10% per year through at least 2020. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. Our first question comes from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to follow-up on the progress in Connecticut. It's very good to see the legislative progress. I was reading, I guess, the budget that's available for renewable solicitations was reduced under the budget that the legislature has established. Can you speak to the implications? Is there – do you believe the Governor is likely to support this lower budget for renewables? How does that potentially impact the ability to get the needed dollars here to support the plant?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Stephen, first, we're not going to comment any further on what's going on in Connecticut. The Governor has the budget and the Millstone legislation, and until we've gotten through that process, we're just going to remain – we'll see what happens. We'll have further comments after that has taken its course.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Very much understood. And then just shifting over to the new $250 million a year of modernization. Would you mind just speaking a little bit further to the approval process, just the timeline? You mentioned when you'd be filing, but could you help us just understand how this might play out procedurally?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hi. This is Diane Leopold. So, we're looking to file probably towards the middle of next year and a typical process with FERC, we would expect to hear back in the course of anywhere in 6- to 12-month timeframe with the initial feedback from them, and we will begin to negotiate with the customers during that timeframe. In addition to the actual base rate, the rates for the base, we are filing for a modernization program and that will be going on simultaneously with the base rate.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And so, that customer negotiation process will essentially occur in tandem with the FERC process, is that fair to say?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yes.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, first, about the 2017 guidance. Did I hear right that you said that you expect to be at least at the midpoint, yet the weather has been a pretty meaningful drag year-to-date? So, what's the offset here to get to the midpoint of the guidance range?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Angie, I think what we said in the script – this is Mark – is that we expect to be at least 10% off the midpoint of the range for 2018.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And nothing about where within the 2017 EPS guidance range you will end up?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, what we showed in terms of the guidance on our slide is a range of $0.80 to $1. And if you take that, coupled with what our actual earnings were for the first three quarters, that would put you about at the $3.60 range which says that, if we can achieve that, we've made up $0.07 of the $0.12 worth of weather headwind that we're – have projected. And if we can get a little help with the weather the rest of this year or operating expenses, we may be able to make up more. But right now, we've guided to about $3.60 on the midpoint of the fourth quarter range.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Very good. Secondly, can you comment, any updated thoughts on the impact of the proposed tax reform on Dominion, especially given the more clarity on the deductibility of interest expense?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Angie, this is Mark. We want to see the House bill come out. We've been saying since first of the year, we think right now, everybody should assume we're net neutral. But if the interest deductibility is handled appropriately, we can certainly be a net positive on that, depending what the actual tax rate would be for corporations at the end of the day. But there's so many moving parts and we'd really like to hold off until we see the House bill, which I think is scheduled to come out November 1, and then we'll be able to talk more about that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Very good. And my last question on Cove Point and DM. I understand that you don't need any drop downs into the MLP in order to get to the 22% growth in distribution. But the stock has been really strong DM, and the asset is – I mean, she's (25:06) starting operations probably within weeks. You have, in the past, done opportunistic drop downs. Would you consider it as well this time?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: We would consider an early drop if DM continues to perform well and the unit performs well, which we fully expect. So, we will take advantage of the market conditions out there. We've only given the reference that we don't need a drop and actually we need very small drop until late 2018. But again, if market conditions continue to be good, we can drop at any time after the Cove Point comes online.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Hey. How much of the surprise is the Connecticut legislation to you? Like, what do you think their chances of success are in getting it signed by the Governor, especially since I guess he was involved in the process of negotiating its final form?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, there's two parts to that question. First part, how surprised are we? We weren't surprised. We've been working on it for two years and been deeply involved in it for that period of time. And as far as how the Governor is going to react to it, we're going to make no further comments on what goes on in Connecticut until we get on the other side of that process.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: What kind of – what would you be looking for in terms of trying – length of contract there and what kinds of factors would you be looking to see in advance before you decide how long a contract you would want to have from Millstone?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: We're just going to have to hold off on giving any further information on what the future of Millstone Power Station is and how it will play through under this auction until we get through this legislative process.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Fair enough. All right. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta from Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So, I thought your growth story laid out through 2020 was pretty clear in terms of all these projects. I just wanted to understand the 5% that you've talked about post 2020, and you said a balanced mix. Could you just give some color on what are the factors driving the post-2020 growth? Any big projects you're considering or is there M&A involved in that as well?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: There's no M&A involved in that, and there aren't any big projects. I think if you look at the presentations we've made through these fall conferences, we lay out a more programmatic method of achieving that growth post 2020 in all aspects – all parts of the business. There's a lot of slides available on our website. I think they can take you through all that. Mark, do you want to add anything?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yeah, Praful, we purposely wanted to get investors refocused on the core strength of Dominion's many businesses. And so, we have two great, large projects, obviously moving along with ACP and Cove Point. But the post 2020, I think if you look at the presentations we've made in conferences, you see very strong organic growth in all of our business lines which we think strongly support at least 5% growth going forward. And again, I would just encourage you to go ahead and take a look at that.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, guys. Will do.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Sorry, just a second follow-up question on – I won't get into the Millstone side with Connecticut, but just on the DOE legislation, do you think – is there any impact of that on the process or how are you looking at the DOE support for base load? Do you think anything comes off that at all?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Are you talking about the DOE letter to FERC initiating the rule-making?
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. That's right.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: It's going to be very interesting to see but – what happens, I mean we still only have three FERC commissioners and two more coming. So, I don't think we really have an idea. And I've read some comments by at least one of them who doesn't think we should – as he had put it, should be putting their finger on the scales of fuel sources. But they've reacted quickly. I don't want to predict how that's going to come out, but it certainly – Connecticut certainly hasn't been willing to depend on it.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Back in September, in one of your slide decks, you laid out a CapEx plan of $3.7 billion to $4.2 billion per year. I wanted to confirm that that applies to the 2018 to 2020 period, and get a little bit of a better sense on timing of that CapEx, I guess, excluding Atlantic Coast. I think it's probably a fair assumption to say that the Power Delivery and Gas Infrastructure parts of that are pretty visible and pretty stable for the most of part, and that the Power Generation would be the lumpier part of it. Is that fair, and can you give us more detail on timing?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yeah. Chris, it's Mark. I'm not sure that's exactly fair. I think on the Power Gen side for the next three years, they have a pretty clear plan on what they're going to do between solar, the license extension work for the two – for the nuclear plants in Virginia. And I would – if I had to model right now – because I know we owe you some exposure on this, but if I had to model it, I would just model it evenly over the three years, be pretty consistent, I think, and would be pretty consistent by business line. We also have highlighted a project on the pump storage side that we'll also be spending CapEx on in that period of time as well as well into the next decade in potentially offshore wind, certainly a smaller project with two turbines. So, we've highlighted that we'll be going through the approval process and we've highlighted some dollar figures around that. So, we've given quite a bit of disclosure, but we'll need to give a little more granularity, I think, by business line as we move into 2018, 2019, and 2020.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess shifting to the balance sheet side of it, if we use that range of CapEx or maybe a midpoint as one part of the equation, add in your kind of known dividend growth through the end of this decade and drop down financing as well, at what point do you get comfortable with your balance sheet as having enough excess capacity to buy back shares?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, I think that'll depend on the size of drops we make into Dominion Midstream from Cove Point. We've made a commitment to agencies and investors and bondholders that we know we have too much leverage at the Holdco. We've done that by design, and we're going to use the DM drop down structure to delever the Holdco between now and the end of the decade down into 30% to 40% of the family of Dominion debt. And I think we can do that comfortably with drop downs into DM for the period with Cove Point and has the potential to buy back shares if that's the best use of those proceeds. We could buy back shares, we could also just invest in future growth that may come up that we kind of identified already. So, again, I think we have a lot of flexibility and we feel real comfortable about being able to execute on both sides between now and 2020.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Tom, you indicated you were more than three-quarters of the way in the farm-outs. Is there upside to that ultimate number?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: I wouldn't think so. I think we do expect to land on that $450 million to $500 million. It's just, I think, more will be more timing of when the farm-outs come in. But I wouldn't – I'd love to say yes, but I don't think that would be reasonable at this time, unless you see dramatic increase in commodity prices.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And you said you've hedged into 1Q of 2018 at Millstone. Can you tell us how much you've hedged?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: We haven't disclosed how much we've hedged but we're working hard on hedging the first quarter. We will go into the year very highly hedged again based on our expectation of the timing of the Connecticut auction. But because that's certainly won't be, we don't believe, in the first quarter of next year, we elected to go ahead and starting hedging and have for some time the first quarter. Also, we will not be, Paul, disclosing hedged prices at Millstone because we will be in competitive auction for some load at Millstone, we certainly hope. And so, we historically have put a hedge price out, but going forward, for competitive reasons, we will not put a hedge price out.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you for that. And what do you expect your solar tax credits to be for the full year?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Our solar tax credit is going to be about half what they were last year, about $0.26 a share.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I thought we had a $0.31 pickup this quarter. Is there a timing issue there?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Those ITCs revolve around but I think the $0.26, we feel really good for year-end. And if you recall, I'll remind everybody, not only have we backed it down to half this year but on a going forward basis that you should think about a $0.10 range, plus or minus for ITCs going forward. So, we're kind of out the ITC business except for some unusual projects that might come up in Virginia and North Carolina.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Would you have a sense of the capital at the pump storage, or is it too early for that?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Paul, this is Paul Koonce. It's really too early for that. I think we've said publicly, could be up to $2 billion, but it really is a site-specific number and we're just really not there yet.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just wanted to follow-up on some of the projects that you laid out there, in particular Atlanta Coast Pipe, congrats on getting the FERC Certificate there. Was just wondering if you could provide a bit more color on the state-level side, as far as getting the permits and how you see that process progressing. It seems like there's been some noise out there, so want to see any thoughts that you could share.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: I'll give you a general answer and Diane can fill in any specific questions. We really, there's – we need water permits in West Virginia and North Carolina and Virginia. We expect all those by the middle part of December, as we're going through the process. It's a very typical process, lots of questions come from the regulators. We provide answers that makes them ask more questions, and we provide more answers. But we're coming to the end of that process, and we expect to have all those permits by the middle part of December and be underway. Diane, anything to add to that?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: No. That's right.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Okay.
Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And just thinking about the assets that sit at DM right now, I was wondering if you could provide any update as far as how the existing growth projects are progressing. I think there's some small ones there. And any thoughts for the MLP kind of taking on more organic growth initiatives at that level going forward?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Jeremy, this is Mark. The growth projects at DM right now are mainly focused on Carolina Gas Transmission. And they're the same as we've highlighted when we actually IPO-ed, they've been executed very well. We're going to bring the third one on this year – at the end of this year. We'll spend CapEx of about a little bit over $100 million on it, fully contracted. We look for really good future growth out of the Carolina business. We also look for very good future growth out of the Questar Pipeline for this calendar year. Most of the growth out of Questar that's been executed is really based on synergies of the merger, and we've been able to execute that at a very high level and, actually, we'll be able to produce at a higher level for the Questar Pipe than we anticipated early in the year for DM. So again, our goal over time is to get more assets into DM that can grow organically. But quite honestly, for the next three years, that will be dwarfed by the Cove Point drop down.
Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That makes sense. Turning to Cove a bit more here. It seems like there's a bit of open capacity, if I have my numbers right, with regards to how much you contracted out and what the full capacity of the facility could be. And just wondering how you think about the extra capacity; if everything hits kind of nameplate or exceeds, would you look to contract that out? How do you think about the value there and the state of the LNG market? And how might that play into the MLP drop down economics?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good question. But the way that – our shippers get to take up whatever excess capacity there is.
Jeremy Bryan Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's all from me. Thanks.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you. I'm talking about our existing shippers obviously.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It's been some time since I dealt with a pipeline rate case. Could you guys give a little bit of feeling about what the ROE that you guys are earning at DETI and what you might be asking for in terms of the ROE and what have you?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hi. This Diane Leopold. You can really look to the last filed rate cases that are out there for any kind of guidance on that. We're not going to talk about the actual ROE that we earn right now. But we are very comfortable that we've been investing in the system and now is the right time to be going in for a rate case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. What's the actual asset value that we're talking about, the rate base, I guess, that we're talking about?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: It's about $2 billion.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And you're not going to give us right now a sense as to what you guys are earning or we'll just have to wait for the filing, I guess, is that right?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: That is correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the Dominion Products and Services agreement with HomeServe, could you give us a sense as to – just elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what's the earnings impact associated with that and what's actually going on?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hey, Paul. This is Mark. This structure with HomeServe, very similar to other utilities that you'd be familiar with. They are partnered with Duke. They're partnered with NextEra. They're partnered with AEP. They're partnered with FirstEnergy. And the structure essentially is that you jointly market to customers that – using a joint marketing of Dominion Energy and HomeServe. And so it's a pretty common structure. The way it'll work for us is, over time, starting in the fourth quarter of this year, the existing business we have, which only contributes for us about $0.01 or $0.02 a year, but it's been a very stable good growth business for us, but yeah a small level, we will start transitioning that Product and Service customer base to HomeServe, for them to service and grow from there. That'll take some time to do. And from then on, we will get a commission-based fee as they grow that business going forward. They are the major player in this market. And so, they were very interested in acquiring our customer base there for Products and Services. It was a good deal for us, but in terms of the earnings component, I'm going to hint a little bit on that only because it hasn't closed yet and there will be some movement year-to-year from this year to next year based on the closing and consents but it is in our guidance for the fourth quarter, and we'll be able to talk more about that because we'll have closed the transaction by the next call.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So, it's transactional-related and it's probably pretty much just a fourth quarter event? Can you give us the...
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: No. It'll be more than just a fourth quarter event.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So, it's an ongoing event?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: That's right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But you're not going to tell us the full amount? But it's significant enough for you to call it out for the fourth quarter? Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's the right way to think about it. I mean, we announced it publicly, and we wanted to make sure everybody knew what's in our guidance, but it won't be just a fourth quarter event; it'll be a multi-year event and then some with commissions.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your line and enjoy your day. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc. Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc. Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement
Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the second quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations page on our websites, register for email alerts, and view our second quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dominionenergy.com and dominionenergymidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussions. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Energy Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the quarter and Dominion Energy's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $0.67 per share for the second quarter of 2017, which was in the upper half of our guidance range. Positive factors versus guidance for the quarter were lower operating expenses, and income taxes, while the principal negative driver continued to be below normal weather. In fact, the earnings impact of mild weather during the first half of the year was $0.10 per share. GAAP earnings were $0.62 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were charges related to our integration of Questar. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment. Power Delivery produced EBITDA of $422 million for the second quarter, which was in the middle of its guidance range. The impact of mild weather was offset by lower operating expenses. EBITDA at Power Generation was $554 million, also in the middle of its guidance range. Offsetting the weather impact were lower operating and maintenance expenses. Gas Infrastructure produced EBITDA in the upper half of its guidance range at $423 million. Higher transportation and distribution margins were the principal drivers of the strong results. Overall, we are very pleased with the results of our operating segments. For the second quarter of 2017, Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $68.6 million which was two times the level produced in the second quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow of $40.7 million was 70% higher than the level of last year's second quarter. The acquisition of Questar Pipeline in December of last year was the principal driver of the increase. On July 21, Dominion Energy Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.288 per common unit payable on August 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our 22% per year distribution growth rate plan. Our coverage ratio remains extremely strong at 1.24 times. Moving to treasury activities. Cash flow from operating activities was $2.4 billion for the second quarter. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities. And taking into account, cash, short-term investments, and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $2.7 billion. For the status of our 2017 financings, please see slide 7. And for statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. We have hedged 95% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone and have started hedging 2018 production. We plan to limit our hedging of 2018 production until we see the outcome of pending legislation in Connecticut. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy. Operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be between $0.95 and $1.15 per share, compared to operating earnings of $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2016. Positive factors for the third quarter compared to last year include the addition of Questar operations. Negative factors compared to last year include a return to normal weather, lower earnings from Cove Point due to the roll off of one of our import contracts, higher PJM's electric capacity expenses, and lower investment tax credits from solar investments. Dominion Energy's operating earnings guidance for the full year of 2017 remains $3.40 to $3.90 per share. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we believe operating earnings for 2018 will increase by at least 10% over 2017 driven primarily by earnings from our Cove Point export facility, which will be in service later this year. With the planned growth across all of our business segments, we expect a 6% to 8% compound average growth rate in earnings off a 2017 base through 2020. Not only is this one of the best growth rates in the industry, but coupled with our stated intent to grow our dividend rate greater than 8% annually beginning next year Dominion Energy provides investors with one of the best total return opportunities in the industry. So let me summarize my financial review. Second quarter operating earnings were $0.67 per share landing in the upper half of our guidance range. Third quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.95 to $1.15 per share. In 2018, operating earnings are expected to be at least 10% above 2017. And our 2017 to 2020 compound earnings growth rate to be 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued at Dominion Energy. All of our business units either met or exceeded their safety goals through the first half of the year. I'm pleased that our employees set an all-time low OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.66 last year and have a goal of improving on that record this year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units through the second quarter was over 96%. Now for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County Combined Cycle Power Station continues on time and on budget. As of June 30, the $1.3 billion project was 47% complete. All three gas turbines, the gas turbine generators as well as the steam turbine generator and casings have been placed on their foundations. All three heat recovery steam generators have been set with modules loaded. The air-cooled condenser is over 60% complete. Greensville is expected to achieve commercial operations late next year. We have a number of solar projects under development and we continue to see demand for renewables from our customers including data centers, military installations, and the state government. Three of these facilities, totaling a 119-megawatt achieved commercial operations during the second quarter. In total, we've announced 438-megawatts that will go into service this year and expect to add another 200 megawatts by the end of next year bringing our gross operating portfolio to 1,800 megawatts, about 700 megawatts of which will be in Virginia and North Carolina. We've begun the process to seek operating license extensions for our four nuclear units in Virginia. Earlier this year, the Virginia General Assembly enacted legislation establishing that the spending on these efforts, which could be up to $4 billion reaching into the next decade, will be recoverable through a separate rate rider. The General Assembly also stated the construction of one or more new pump storage electric generating facilities in Southwest Virginia is in the public interest with costs also recoverable through a rider. We are evaluating a number of options and expect to have sites selected later this year. In July, we announced that we'd signed an agreement with DONG Energy of Denmark, a global leader in offshore wind development to build two six-megawatt turbines off the coast of Virginia Beach. The two companies are now refining agreements for engineering, procurement, and construction. Dominion Energy remains the sole owner of the turbines, which is targeted for completion in 2020. We plan to seek wider recovery in Virginia for the project. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. Through the first half of the year, $327 million of assets have been placed into service. We plan to invest $800 million in our electric transmission business this year and every year thereafter for at least the next decade. Our strategic underground program continues at Power Delivery. Earlier this year, the Virginia General Assembly affirmed its support for the program, and clarified the standards by which the distribution line would be prioritized. We plan to invest up to $175 million per year in this program to reduce the number of outage locations and their duration during major events. We see improving prospects for electric sales growth in Virginia. Weather normalized electric sales were up about 2% for the first half of the year, led by strong increases in sales to data center and residential customers. New customer connections in the first half of the year were 7% higher than last year. We also connected five new data centers in the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to 8%. In addition, anticipated increased federal spending on defense will provide strong support for the Virginia economy, which is the largest recipient of defense dollars in the nation. All of these factors support our expectation that annual electric sales growth of at least 1% will continue. Progress on our growth plan for gas infrastructure continues as well. Our Cove Point Liquefaction Project is now 95% complete and remains on-time and on-budget. Engineering and procurement is essentially finished. Structural steel and large diameter piping installation are coming to completion and the post installation pipe testing is essentially complete. Both phases of the operator simulator training have been successfully completed. Synchronization of a steam turbine generator to the existing plant generation grid will be completed this month. Over 90% of the project systems are now in the commissioning phase in line with our schedule. As we work towards commercial in-service later this year, we will bring the project to a state of ready for start-up this quarter, and construction will reach essentially complete status. On July 24, FERC provided authorization for hydrocarbon entry into four additional project areas. We have received authorization from the Department of Energy to export LNG produced during commissioning. We have an agreement with a third party to provide the commissioning natural gas and to export commissioning LNG from a facility. Finally, the fourth quarter will provide a period of sustained production of LNG prior to achieving commercial in-service date later this year. We are continuing to work toward commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header project. On July 21, FERC issued its file environmental impact statement. The report was favorable and concluded that all environmental impacts will be effectively mitigated and there would be no significant public safety impacts. We expect to receive the final certificate from FERC in the early fall. We are in the process of securing all the necessary water crossing and other federal and state permits and expect to complete that process later this year. ACP and Supply Header have essentially completed the design and engineering, executed the construction contract, and completed over 84% of materials procurement. We remain on-track to start construction later this year and expect completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header in the second half of 2019. We have an additional seven pipeline growth projects underway with well over $750 million of investment. Our keys project was completed earlier this year, and we expect four more to be completed by year end. We are also investing nearly $300 million per year in our local gas distribution companies in three states through our infrastructure replacement programs. These costs are recoverable through rate rider programs in all three states. We are seeing continued interest in expansion projects driven by new power, industrial, and LDC loads throughout our system and expect to secure at least three or four new growth projects this year and significantly more through 2020 throughout our entire footprint including our traditional Appalachian Basin, our new Western system and our expanding Eastern footprint, which has direct access to the fast-growing Mid-Atlantic and Southeast U.S. markets. So to summarize, our business delivered strong operating and safety performance in the second quarter. Construction of the Greensville County project is on time and on budget. Construction of the Cove Point liquefaction project is nearly complete, and commissioning is well underway. We received a final environmental impact statement and continue to work toward commencement of construction of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project. As we complete our major projects, we will deliver strong earnings growth starting next year. As Mark stated earlier, we expect earnings growth of at least 10% in 2018, and a diverse set of positive factors will support continued growth in years to come. Because of our unique MLP structure, our superior cash flows will also allow a dividend growth rate at Dominion Energy higher than 8% per year. You can expect more clarity on our long-term growth plan and ongoing dividend policy at this fall's investor conferences. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. The first question will come from Mike Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, I was wondering if you could go through how you're dealing with the environmental opposition to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline within Virginia. What kind of deals have been reached with the opposition at this point?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: I'm not sure I understand your question entirely. But there's no deals to be reached with the opposition. We're going through the permitting process as we have for the last two-and-a-half years. We'll get our FERC permit in the fall and it's a matter of going through. There's public hearings that will be held on the water permits in Virginia this month. They had them last month in North Carolina and those permits will be issued later in the fall and we will start construction in November. No deals to be struck with anyone.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So it doesn't sound like there is anything – any significant opposition that you're dealing with. Is that a fair statement or?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: There's certainly some vocal opposition in some isolated localities, but overall, folks in Virginia support the pipeline as they do in West Virginia, North Carolina and we expect to get all the necessary permits later this fall.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. All right. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Shah Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just real quick on ACP. Is there a point you need a quorum at FERC before construction shifts into 2018 or are you confident that you could start constructing in November? And then as you sort of think about incremental growth opportunities with the project, how should we sort of think about the next set of priorities? Is it starting with compression, upsizing through compression or maybe an extension of the pipeline through surrounding states?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. We'd like to see FERC commissioners impaneled in September, would be our best guess on when that'll happen and that would allow us – no later than September is our best guess on when that'll happen, and that would allow us to start construction on this particular schedule. We won't talk about potential expansion opportunities until after we've received our FERC permit. And then, we will sit down and talk to folks.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just a question on DM here, is it definitive that you need equity in 2018 or can you sort of finance this first ceremonial drop with Cove Point cash flows maybe looking at some investment grade debt at the DM level. So, how should we think about the first drop in 2018?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Shah, it's Mark. Now, we're going to need a drop and some equity in 2018, not significant. But I think if you do the math, cash flows on coverage is very strong for us at DM well into 2018. But right now, we anticipate a drop and we want to get more liquidity in that stock anyway, there is limited trading on it. So, our ability to put more shares out, I think are advantageous.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then just lastly, a lot of back and forth with the headlines in the media on Millstone and – especially with the recent governor order, can you just maybe just talk a little bit about some of the back and forth we've seen in the media, and then how far or how willing you are to provide financials on the asset? Thanks.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning. There's been obviously lots in the press about what's going on in Connecticut legislature. We're working very hard on that project in the legislation. As long as they're in session, we will be working on it, and we think there are prospects to have that legislation be adopted during the course of this legislative session. The governor's issued an executive order you referenced calling for a study. We don't feel the need to – for a study to be conducted, but we will certainly participate in the study. I think it's pretty clear what's necessary in Connecticut, and we'll let it play its course.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to just follow up on the last question on Connecticut. Do you have a sense for the process or timeline for this to play out just so we can try to follow the milestones along the way?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Stephen, good morning. This is Paul Koonce with the Generation Group. The session ended officially on July 7. They went into special session on July 28. It really comes down to what happens and how do they close their budget deficit. Two weeks ago, the House approved a union concession package. Monday, the Senate approved the same union concession package, which closes the budget deficit by a substantial amount. So, it really is up to the House and the Senate in Connecticut to continue to work to close their budget deficit. That could play out over the next several weeks we expect, but hopefully they will come to conclusion by Labor Day. But it's a legislative process in August, it is a difficult month to get people together. So, I'd say weeks, but we think that they're making progress.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And the study that is underway, is that essentially – do we have a sense for how much time that will take to complete and how that sort of factors into this process?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yes, I'll just comment on that. This is the governor's executive order, he's asked the Department of Energy and Environment to conduct the study. As we've said publicly, we think the time has passed for conducting studies, but be that as it may. The Department of Energy and Environment is to report out to the legislature next January. So, that's part of the legislation that was approved by the Senate, does not take legislative action. So, he's taken steps himself to move that forward. But, as the Senate bill 106 called for was action, and that's really what we think is necessary at this stage.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, understood. And then just shifting gears, if I could, to the development on offshore wind. At a high level, could you talk to the growth potential here and the economics and how you see the future of offshore wind? Could this become a significant contributor in the state? How should we think about the growth potential there?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Well, this first two turbines are test turbines. They will be built in the area that's been designated that we have the lease rights to. It's about 25 miles, 26 miles offshore of Virginia Beach, so the turbines won't be visible. We've been working on this for a number of years, long, many years trying to find a partner who would give us the kind of certainty we needed on the cost to protect our customers. So that we could go to our commission, because it will need commission approval to authorize the construction of the turbines. They are – will be subject to rider recovery. If the turbines demonstrate that they work well in these waters and produce the kind of capacity that we expect, then it's up to 2,000 megawatts of offshore wind that would be available. We're building a lot of solar as well. Our IRP calls for up to 5,000 megawatts of solar. Solar uses a lot of land, and that's beginning to become obvious to people as maybe not quite as obvious to folks in the West, where vacant land is abundant. It's a little more obvious to folks in the East, where vacant land is not quite as abundant. So we're exploring all of our options to meet our customers' demands for decades to come. That's part of why we're looking at the relicensing of North Anna and Surry as well, and pump storage in the Virginia mountains.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Tom. The 2017 earnings range is still pretty wide. So, I guess any kind of commentary or thought toward kind of where you're heading in that range and when you might be able to narrow it?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Steve, this is Mark. No additional commentary really. We typically don't change our ranges that we establish at the beginning of the year. And we give the quarterly guidance to see where we land. So we don't anticipate changing the range. Would also say that in the third quarter – we're a weather-sensitive company, as we've already talked about, we're down $0.10 to weather through the first half of the year and the third quarter is the most sensitive we would be to weather, both positive and/or negative depending on how that turns out. So that can move us. But I think for now and probably through the remainder of the year, we will keep that range as is and just report the actuals as we move through.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Maybe the more important question though is you're kind of targeting your growth rate off the midpoint, or excuse me, off that range. So where you end up could have a big swing in future 2018, 2019. So is it still fair to use the midpoint of the range in thinking about that growth rate you're giving for the future?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yes, it is.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can I ask on just the Connecticut and Millstone strategy? You say you're going to stay unhedged pending an outcome. If I understand the proposed measure correctly, it was going to enable maybe half of Millstone to be covered. So why not hedge the other half in the meantime or are you thinking you might have something more comprehensive as an outcome?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Jonathan, this is Mark. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we have started hedging 2018, but that we were going to limit that hedge until the outcome of the legislation. So to your point, we would expect that a portion of that output needs to be hedged, even if it's not bid into a future auction process. We're working on that now and I'll have a disclosure on that in the third quarter.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. I must have misheard the prepared remark. Can I ask – we were just looking at the solar slide and it looked like, in the last quarter you were expecting these projects to all be late 2017, and the North Carolina 79-megawatts of capacity came forward into 2Q, what happened there? And is that the same project and how must that benefit the quarter?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Jonathan, this is Paul Koonce with Generation. Actually, we're sort of right on schedule. So we had a full year plan, the plan is moving on schedule. So, no change.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So that wasn't pulled forward from the late timing of last quarter?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Energy, Inc.: No, it was not.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Unverified Participant Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc. Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc. Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin (0:28), Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Unverified Participant: Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our websites, register for email alerts, and view our first quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measure of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO Tom Farrell; our CFO Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.97 per share for the first quarter of 2017. Mild winter weather including a record mild February reduced earnings for the quarter by $0.08 per share. Excluding the weather impact, operating earnings for the first quarter were $1.05 per share which was near the top of our guidance range. Compared to the midpoint of our guidance, positive factors for the quarter were higher weather normalized electric sales, lower income taxes, and lower operating expenses. GAAP earnings were $1.01 per share for the first quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were gains recorded in our nuclear decommissioning trust. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment. Dominion Virginia Power recorded EBITDA of $414 million for the first quarter which was in the middle of its guidance range. The impact of mild weather was offset by higher weather normalized sales and revenues and higher than planned earnings from electric transmission. EBITDA at Dominion Generation was $695 million, also in the middle of its guidance range. Offsetting the weather impact were higher weather normalized sales and revenues, lower operating and maintenance expenses, and higher than expected realized margins from our merchant plants. Dominion Energy produced EBITDA of $582 million, just under the midpoint of its guidance range. Mild weather impacted results from the LDCs and retail. Overall, we're very pleased with the results from our operating segments. For the first quarter of 2017, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $75.4 million which was three times the level produced in the first quarter of last year. The acquisition of Questar Pipeline in December of last year was the principal driver of the increase. Distributable cash flow of $44.1 million was more than double the level of last year's first quarter. On April 21, Dominion Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.274 per common unit payable on May 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our 22% per year distribution growth rate plan. Now moving to treasury activities at Dominion. Cash flow from operating activities were $1.4 billion for the first quarter. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities. And taking into account cash, short-term investments, and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $3.2 billion. For our planned debt financings in 2017, please see slide seven. And for statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. As we move through 2017, Dominion will continue to see very strong capital growth, with the final year of construction at Cove Point, ongoing construction of the Greensville County Power Station, and the start of construction of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. However, with the completion of Cove Point and the planned asset drop in Dominion Midstream Partners, the company's cash flow profile will change dramatically, moving from negative to significantly positive. As we have highlighted in the past, we expect to receive $7 billion to $8 billion of cash between 2016 and 2020 from Dominion Midstream Partners, which will be used to reduce Dominion-level debt, increase dividends in excess of 8% per year, invest in new growth projects, and repurchase common stock. As to hedging, you can find our hedge position on page 27 of the earnings release kit. We have hedged 89% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone. We plan to limit our hedging for 2018 production until we see the outcome of pending legislation in Connecticut. This legislation, which was voted out of committee and will be taken up by the full House and Senate, would allow Millstone to bid into a competitive procurement conducted by Connecticut regulators to secure carbon-free energy for the state's customers. It will potentially cover up to one-half of Millstone's expected output for five years. The legislative session in Connecticut is scheduled to adjourn on June 7. If approved, the competitive auction would likely take place this fall, for power deliveries beginning sometime next year. Now to earnings guidance at Dominion. Operating earnings for the second quarter of 2017 are expected to be between $0.60 and $0.70 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.71 per share in the second quarter of 2016. Positive factors for the second quarter compared to last year are a return to normal weather and sales growth at Virginia Power. Negative factors compared to last year are lower earnings from Cove Point due to the roll off of one of our import contracts, lower investment tax credits from solar investments, and lower realized margins at Millstone. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for all of 2017 remains at $3.40 to $3.90 per share. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we believe operating earnings for 2018 will increase by at least 10% over 2017, driven primarily by earnings from our Cove Point export facility, which is expected to be in service late this year. With the growth we expect across all of our business segments, we expect a 6% to 8% compound average growth rate in earnings off a 2017 base through 2020. Not only is this one of the best growth rates in the industry, but coupled with our stated intent to grow our dividend rate at over 8% annually beginning next year, Dominion provides investors with one of the best total return opportunities in the utility space. So let me summarize my financial review. First quarter operating earnings were $0.97 per share. Weather normalized earnings were $1.05 per share. Second quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.60 to $0.70 per share. And 2018 earnings are expected to be at least 10% above 2017. And finally, our 2017 to 2020 earnings growth rate should be 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued at Dominion in 2017. All of our business units either met or exceeded their safety goals in the first quarter. I'm pleased that our employees set an all-time OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.66 last year, and we have a goal of improving on that record this year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate very well. The net capacity factor of our six units during the first quarter was over 100%. Now for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County Combined Cycle Power Station continues on time and on budget. As of March 31, the $1.3 billion project was 30% complete. All three gas turbines, the gas turbine generators as well as the steam turbine generator and casings have been placed on their foundations. All three heat recovery steam generators have been set with modules loaded. With the major equipment on-site, the risk to the schedule is greatly reduced. Greensville is expected to achieve commercial operations late next year. We have a number of solar projects under development, and continue to see demand for renewables from our customers including data centers, military installations, and the state government. In total, we have announced 408 megawatts that will go into service this year and expect to add another 200 megawatts by the end of next year, bringing our gross operating portfolio to about 1,800 megawatts, about 700 of which will be in Virginia and North Carolina. We have begun the process to seek operating license extensions for our four nuclear units in Virginia. Earlier this year, the Virginia General Assembly enacted legislation establishing that the spending on these efforts, which could be up to $4 billion reaching into the next decade, will be recoverable through a separate rate rider. The general assembly also stated the construction of one or more new pumped storage electric generating facilities in Southwest Virginia is in the public interest with cost also recoverable through a rider. We are evaluating a number of options and expect to have sites selected later this year. We have a number of electric transmission projects in various stages of regulatory approval and construction. $784 million worth of these assets were completed in 2016 including our new system operation center. We plan to invest $800 million in our electric transmission business this year. Our strategic underground program continues at Dominion Virginia Power. Earlier this year, the Virginia General Assembly confirmed its support for the program and clarified the standards by which distribution lines would be prioritized. We plan to invest up to $175 million per year in this program to reduce the number of outage locations and their duration during major events. We're seeing improving prospects for electric sales growth in Virginia. New customer connections at Virginia Power in the first quarter were 17% higher than last year. We also connected three new data centers in the first quarter, two more than in the first quarter of last year, and anticipating connecting eight to nine new data centers each year through the end of the decade. In addition, anticipated increased federal spending on defense will provide strong support for the Virginia economy which is the largest recipient of defense dollars in the nation. All of these factors support our expectation that annual electric sales growth of at least 1% will continue. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. Our Cove Point liquefaction project is now 89% complete. Engineering and procurement is essentially finished. Structural steel and large diameter piping installation are coming to completion and the post-installation pipe testing is about 60% complete. Over half of the project systems are now in the commissioning phase, on line with schedule. As we work toward commercial in-service later this year, we will be commissioning the power block this quarter and begin to ramp down the construction-related labor. Last month, FERC approved our request to begin flowing gas to the site in order to begin firing the two auxiliary boilers as a (14:57) step in the power block commissioning. The boiler first test was successfully completed last week. Third quarter will bring the project to a state of ready for start-up, and construction will reach essentially complete status. We have filed a request with the Department of Energy to export LNG produced during commissioning. Finally, the fourth quarter will provide a period of sustained production of LNG prior to achieving commercial in-service late this year. We're continuing to work toward the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header project. FERC issued its draft environmental impact statement in December. The report was favorable and concluded that all environmental impacts will be effectively mitigated and that there would be no significant public safety impacts. The public comment period ended in early April. And this week, we filed responses to FERC information requests and all of the comments received during the public comment period. After receiving the final EIS this summer, we expect to receive the final permit from FERC by late summer or early fall. We're in the process of securing all the necessary water crossing and other federal and state permits and expect to complete that process later this year. ACP and Supply Header have essentially completed the design and engineering, executed the construction contract, and completed over 80% of materials procurement. We remain on track to start construction in the second half of this year and expect completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header in the second half of 2019. We have an additional six pipeline growth projects underway with $700 million of investment. Five of these projects are expected to be completed this year. We're seeing continued interest in pipeline expansion projects driven by new power, industrial, and LDC load throughout our system. We believe a federal policy that supports infrastructure investments will increase drilling activity and gas demand from industrials and other sectors. Importantly, it will also expedite approvals of gas infrastructure which will, in turn, accelerate investments in needed pipeline expansions. Based on these factors, we expect to secure at least three or four new growth projects this year and significantly more through 2020 throughout our entire footprint, including our traditional Appalachian Basin, our new Western system and our expanding Eastern footprint which has direct access to the fast-growing Mid-Atlantic and Southeast U.S. markets. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the first quarter. Construction of the Greensville County project is on time and on budget. Construction of the Cove Point liquefaction project is also on time and on budget. We continue to work toward FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header project. And as we complete our major projects, we will deliver strong earnings and dividend growth starting next year. As Mark stated earlier, we expect earnings growth of at least 10% in 2018, and a diverse set of positive factors will support continued growth in the years to come. Because of our unique MLP structure, our superior cash flows will also allow a dividend growth rate at Dominion higher than 8% per year for the foreseeable future. Finally, this will be the last earnings call for Dominion Resources. Following a shareholder approval at next week's annual meeting, the company's name will change to Dominion Energy in recognition of our focus on the evolving energy marketplace and to unify our brand after last year's merger with Questar Corporation. The new logo is shown on slide 17. Our electric and gas distribution companies will unify under the single brand and change their doing business names in Idaho, North Carolina, Ohio, Utah, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The names of our operating segments will change as well, to the Power Delivery group, the Power Generation group, and the Gas Infrastructure group. We will begin using these names in our reporting of operating results next quarter. The name of our master limited partnership will change to Dominion Energy Midstream Partners. The ticker symbols for both companies remain the same. Our company and our employees are proud of the work we've done in delivering energy for 119 years, and of the reputation we have built through reliable and affordable service. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. And the first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. There's a little bit of background noise here I'm hearing. So first question, if you can. Millstone's obviously garnered a good amount of attention. I wanted to ask it in a, perhaps, a little bit of a differentiated manner. Public Service has talked about their nuclear portfolio as being principally framed around the decision to deploy incremental capital. How do you guys think about Millstone, not just in terms of earnings and cash contribution, but more importantly, in terms of your willingness to continue to contribute capital to that asset and whether it's earning its "cost of capital" specifically?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Julien, we're nearing the end of the Connecticut Legislative Session, as you know. They're scheduled to adjourn at the end, I guess, of the first week of June, June 7. Occasionally, that carries on a little bit as they finish up their budget negotiations. We've been in touch with folks in Connecticut. We're keeping keep close contact with it. We've said all that we're going to say about Millstone at this time. But there's no question that continued support of Millstone is very important for us to be able to make continued improvements to that facility, look at potential relicensing in the future years, as we are in Virginia. So it's an important outcome for us, and we're paying very close attention to it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. A second, little bit of a detail. Obviously, you've expanded your solar portfolio over the last year pretty dramatically. I'd be curious if you're thinking about the continued ownership of these solar assets after or throughout the ITC recapture period, as that winds down. Have you ever thought about potentially rethinking your ownership through this ITC period?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: I think the answer is a complicated answer to a very straightforward question, I think, because partly, it depends on what assets you're talking about. The assets that we're developing through our regulating customers here in Virginia and North Carolina, we have full intention to continue to own those. In fact, the way some of them are structured that are now under contract, we will own in the future once (22:41) certain period of time. And as far as harvesting part of the portfolio that's a little bit older, I'll let Mark answer that part of the question.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Julien, we kind of guided everybody a couple of years ago on what our direction would be on our long-term contracted assets outside of our footprint here in Virginia and North Carolina when we sold down a third of a number of solar facilities, and we're still able to utilize the ITC. So once that window is over, which is typically five years, we'll look at the economics around that. And if it makes more sense for us to go ahead and sell those assets and recycle that capital into higher return businesses, we will look at that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Lastly, I suppose, if I could expand on the utility side of the business just very briefly. You all have been emphasizing growth on that side of the business of late. Can you elaborate a little bit on the potential avenues for future growth and the rider treatment therein? I suppose of late, you all have been emphasizing the repowering investments on the nuclear side. Are there any other such mechanisms and riders we should be paying attention to, as you think about the next wave of VEPCO reinvestments?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Well you have the existing riders that have been around since 2007. For example, the GENCO riders like Greensville County. There was a clarification of the law to make sure that very significant investments that may be necessary to extend the lives of our North Anna and Surry Power Stations to 80 years will be recoverable through riders. We have our undergrounding distribution or undergrounding rider that covers 4,000 miles. Now we have 56,000 miles of distribution lines in Virginia but about 4,000 have a higher likelihood of extended outages when we get significant storms because of the topography or the trees that are in the neighborhoods or whatever. So we've been working on those. The new one. I'm not sure, folks, on the fact that we actually own 60% of and operate 100% of the world's largest pumped storage facility in Virginia at our Bath County Power Station. It's the closest thing to a real battery that can work with renewables of any scale. We've been looking in the South Western part of our state that could use continued economic development, and those will be subject to riders as well. So and then if you're continuing to operate a coal facility and you need expenses around environmental spending to keep that plant operated, for example, coal ash ponds, remediation, et cetera is also recoverable through a rider. So there's lots of opportunities and, as we've said, the Virginia economy is beginning to perk up a little bit. New connects were 17% higher in the first quarter and the sales growth is strong. Mark can give you the details on that. The budget that has been agreed to through September includes significantly more dollars for defense spending which many have been asking for in Congress for years now. Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Julien, I'll just mention weather normalized sales for a moment. Our lagging 12 months of growth has now exceeds 1% in the state. We had an extremely strong first quarter in terms of growth. Data centers are just an unbelievable growth machine for us where if you look at it they're now about 18% of our commercial load. Tom referenced we're going to build eight or nine, bring them online. I should say we're not going to build them but somebody else would build them, bring them online annually over the rest of the decade. And we're really seeing good signs of strength in the economy. So we're quite bullish on sales growth and construction in the state and we'll see how that works its way out through the rest of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Last quick detail if I can. On the Supreme Court, the Virginia Supreme Court specifically. If there's an outcome on the rate freeze, just what's the timeline for you all needing to file because, obviously, you'd revert back to this biennial system I presume anyway? So I'll let you respond.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: The case, of course, does not involve Dominion; it involves APCo. Its impacts would likely impact Dominion. We're not going to comment on that since the Supreme Court has it and they'll issue their opinion in the summertime.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you all very much for your patience.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. Could you elaborate a little more on the capital opportunity and some of the additional pipeline spending that you alluded to through the remainder of the decade?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Diane Leopold runs our newly called Gas Infrastructure group. She can comment more fully on that.
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Okay. Hello. Yes, we're in negotiations and discussions with local distribution companies, with large-scale industrials, and with power producers and some gas producers also really throughout our region. So in that Appalachian region, we're seeing a lot of industrial load looking to come back. Same again in our Eastern region, in our Carolina area. And then in our Western growth strategy, we're also looking at some of the local distribution companies and industrial demand in that region. So much of it is demand-driven, and we're already in the later stages of negotiations in some smaller projects and expect that to increase as we move towards the end of the decade on some of the larger projects.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Is there any, like, dollar figure that you can attach to that in terms of the current CapEx forecast?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: It'll be over $1 billion.
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Yeah. It's in line with our projections and our growth strategy, and certainly continues to increase as we move to the early part of the next decade.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So it's fair to say that it's in the current forecast?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yeah. It's part of our overall growth plan that we've been talking about since 2015. As we've said, whenever we've given out these growth plans over the years the later part of the period is – We know where all the gas projects are in the first two, three years, and as we go through the period we start filling up the bucket later in the years. That's what Diane was just speaking about.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And is there any commentary that you can provide on Blue Racer and the status of natural gas liquid processing in the Southern Utica and how that business is progressing?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Michael, this is Mark. It continues to progress but at a slower pace than we thought several years ago. They will have good year-over-year growth from 2016. We're seeing some modest increase in drilling. So the guidance that we gave a quarter ago, between now and 2020, we feel comfortable that Blue Racer will be a contributor to that. But we think it'll certainly be much slower in terms of growth profile than what we thought two or three years ago.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: These other guys have been extremely thorough. So I only have one question, but it's in 27 parts. Just kidding.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Okay. We'll write them down as you go.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Now that you've been the owner of Questar for some period of time, can you tell us relative to the base plan that you thought you could achieve in terms of the three segments of the business, the LDC, the pipelines, which you – and maybe this is building on the last question a little bit – which you thought were underinvested and lacked focus, and also the regulated E&P business, how do the prospects look for those three segments now that you've got your hands on them for an extended period of time versus your base case in terms of the growth outlook for those businesses?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: Hi. So this is Diane Leopold again. All the business are performing well and they're in line with expectations. On the distribution side, we're on track to be investing $65 million in pipeline replacements in 2017 as part of our infrastructure replacement program. Customer growth last year was about 1.9%, so in line with what our expectations were. We had a large recontracting, one of our largest contracts, on Questar Pipeline. And we also had some incremental capacity signed with Questar Pipe that was a contract with Questar Gas that will be in service late 2019. So we're continuing to focus on business development there, as well as proactive integrity management on our pipeline and storage facilities. On the Wexpro side, we had a successful Wexpro II application for inclusion of additional properties into the cost of service framework. So our drilling and development plan is on track to deliver strong cost of service results there. So we're in line with all of our expectations. We're very pleased with it.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And the growth prospects on the long-haul transmission segment there. One of the sort of upsides that you guys talked about when you looked at this platform was the longer-term trend of gasification in the region, and how you thought that that would ultimately trickle down to more growth opportunities we're seeing. I cover PNM, so I know – I see what they're doing with the San Juan power generation station, for instance. As you look at your longer-term growth plans, is that growth opportunity at Questar already baked in to your aspirations, or would it be incremental?
Diane G. Leopold - Dominion Energy, Inc.: No. That one's really incremental. That was always going to be longer-term anyway. So, a lot of our growth prospects in the nearer-term were not relying on that. Obviously, the Clean Power Plan, we still do believe that, in the future, there will be facilities that are going to move from coal to natural gas. But that's really into the next decade, and will be incremental.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. So I think most of the topics have been hit on. I just wanted to touch base on solar power and, obviously, you're continuing to grow and deploy more and more capital there. Is there a possibility of a step change upward later in the decade, as solar costs keep dropping, to the point where you might think about making broader resource shifts towards solar, or do you think it's likely just to be more gradual, and there is some sort of a step change coming up that you see?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Well, as we've mentioned in the past, we're shifting our focus away from these contracted assets, the assets we've been buying out, particularly in the West. I think we got a couple more to do this year. Paul will comment on those. But we're focusing in North Carolina and Virginia, our regulated customer base, and we filed a new integrated resource plan document, and for the first time, solar passed the economic test in any significant amounts and that IRP says you could logically build up to 5,200 megawatts of solar over the next 15 years. Now, as you know, as you build more renewables like that, that comes hand-in-hand with pipelines and gas-fired peakers to support the renewables when they are unable to operate. So, we'll have to see how that all goes over the next few years, but that is becoming a real increasing possibility. Paul, go ahead.
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. This is Paul Koonce. Over the last couple of years, 2016, 2017 especially, we have really refocused our effort on meeting customer needs here in Virginia and North Carolina. We have one project that remains under construction out West, in California. It'll go out into service later this year. But all of the projects that we've announced over the last two years have either been in North Carolina or Virginia, really to meet specific customer requirements on the DBP (36:24) system, and I don't see that changing. As Tom mentioned, we filed an integrated resource plan earlier this week, which I think highlighted the cost competitiveness of solar. So it is going to be an increasing part of our mix, but it'll be here in Virginia.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So I wanted to go back to the load growth that you guys are talking about, strong new connects, and the data centers. So how does it reconcile with PJM's ongoing negative revisions to the load growth projections in the Dominion zone?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Hey, Angie. It's Mark. I think we're going to be stronger than that. And, again, they've identified our region as one of the, if not, the strongest grower in a revised plan. But what we've seen in the last year and what we were expecting in improved military spend in the state we think will drive our growth to at least 1% (37:34) and maybe higher. And I'll let Paul expand on it.
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Angie, just one important distinction I'd like to point out between PJM's forecast and our own forecast. They characterize solar as a load reducer. So when they look at load growth, they subtract from their load growth the amount of solar generation that comes on your system. So I think that's part of the difference that you see there that requires some investigation.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And just one question on the quarter. So could you quantify the tax benefits? And is this just something that's going to reverse later in the year and what exactly was it related to?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: You're referring to the slightly better than guidance tax, not ITC's, right?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Angie, it was about $0.02 for us, above expectations and they were also around the state and federal tax settlements. We anticipated that that would occur this year, but it occurred a little bit earlier in the year than we had thought. So that will not be incremental at year end.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And then the last question on Millstone. So the guidance of at least 10% year-over-year growth in earnings between 2017 and 2018 does not account for any legislative help in Connecticut to Millstone?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: That's right. We said in the last quarter call that we've assumed at that point in time what the market strip was with a CPI type growth through the next several years. So if there's a different bidding approach in Connecticut that would be something that we'd have to factor into guidance.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: CPI type of growth to forward power prices?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: That's what I mentioned on the last quarter's call, that that's what we had on our forward growth rate for Millstone. CPI type increases.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Resources, Inc. Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc. Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions would be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the 2016 year-end earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our Earnings Release Kit. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our websites, register for email alerts and view our year-end earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the Earnings Release Kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for 2016 and Dominion's earnings guidance. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.99 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016, finishing in the middle of our guidance range. EBITDA for each of our business segments was in line with their respective guidance ranges. As a result, operating earnings finished at $3.80 per share for the full year 2016, which was 10.5% above operating earnings for 2015. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments and our financial results for 2016. GAAP earnings were $0.73 per share for the fourth quarter and $3.44 per share for 2016. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter and the full year were charges associated with coal ash remediation at several of our closed coal generating plants. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. For the fourth quarter of 2016, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $45.8 million, 94% higher than the level produced in the fourth quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow increased 63% to $37.7 million. On December 1, Dominion Midstream Partners completed the acquisition of Questar Pipeline from Dominion Resources. The acquisition more than doubled Dominion Midstream's ongoing adjusted EBITDA and is expected to cover our planned 22% distribution growth through mid to late 2018. Finally, on January 25, Dominion Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.2605 per unit payable on February 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our distribution growth plans. Moving to treasury activities and earnings guidance at Dominion, 2016 marked a peak in our capital growth plan, with over $5 billion in growth CapEx and $4.4 billion acquisition of Questar. During the year, we raised over $10 billion in capital to fund growth, make acquisitions, and repay maturing debt. Cash flow from operating activities was $4.1 billion for 2016. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities; and taking into account cash, short-term investments and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the year with available liquidity of $2.4 billion. For our planned public debt financings in 2017, please see slide 7. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 13 and 24 of the Earnings Release Kit. As we move into 2017, Dominion will continue to see very strong capital growth with the final year of construction at Cove Point, ongoing construction of the Greensville County power station and the startup construction of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. However, with the completion of Cove Point and the anticipated asset drop into Dominion Midstream Partners in 2018, the company's cash flow profile will change dramatically beginning next year, moving from negative to significantly positive. As we have highlighted in the past, we expect to generate about $7 billion of cash flow as Cove Point is dropped into Dominion Midstream Partners, which we used to reduce debt, increase dividends in excess of 8% per year, invest in new growth projects and repurchase common stock. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 26 of the Earnings Release Kit. We have hedged 85% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone and 100% of first quarter production. We also expect to limit our hedging of 2018 production until we see the outcome of pending legislation in the Northeast. Before we move to earnings guidance, let me comment briefly about anticipated federal tax law changes. Our preliminary analysis shows a wide range of potential outcomes depending on what decisions are made around the actual tax rate, interest deductibility, day one expensing and normalization. We have highlighted some of the key issues on slide 8. Remember, different than many of our peers, we have a portfolio of non-regulated and long-term contracted cash flows that will be treated differently than our regulated portfolio. Based on our asset mix and public information to date, we would expect to be somewhat earnings neutral to any final tax package. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion. It has been evident for some time that 2017 will be a challenging year for Dominion to achieve its historical earnings growth rate. Now that we have hedged most of Millstone's 2017 expected output, we estimate a $10 to $12 per megawatt hour reduction and realized energy prices versus last year, impacting 2017 earnings by about $0.015 to $0.20 per share. Also, as we have said on previous calls, we expect to generate about $0.30 per share in solar investment tax credits, a year-over-year reduction of almost $0.20 per share. As a result, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for 2017 is $3.40 per share to $3.90 per share. The midpoint of that range is $0.15 per share or about 4% below operating earnings of $3.80 per share for 2016. Operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of 2017 is $0.90 per share to $1.10 per share. Moving to 2018, we believe, operating earnings will increase by at least 10% over 2017. Cove Point export should provide between $0.40 per share and $0.45 per share of incremental earnings in 2018. Having one fuel refueling outage at Millstone, should add another $0.10 per share to year-over-year results. Offsetting these growth drivers will be an expected further reduction in solar investment tax credits of $0.15 per share to $0.20 per share from 2017. We expect about $0.10 per share contributions from solar ITCs in 2018 and beyond, driven by customer needs in Virginia. While we are not providing a specific guidance range for 2018 today, you can see that these factors alone can support at least a 10% increase in year-over-year operating earnings. Looking to 2019 and beyond, we believe our growth opportunities continue to be one of the best in the energy industry. Some of the growth drivers to focus on are highlighted on slide 11. All of our business segments are well positioned to support strong growth in 2018 and beyond. In addition to these organic growth drivers, Dominion will benefit for the use of about $7 billion in cash flow generated by asset contributions to our MLP. A portion of this cash flow will significantly reduce parent level debt and allow for share repurchases, as well as support our growth capital needs. For the growth we have highlighted, we expect 6% to 8% compound average growth rate in earnings off a 2017 base through 2020. Not only is this one of the best growth rates in the industry, but coupled with our stated intent to grow our dividend rate at over 8% annually beginning next year. Dominion provides investors with one of the best total return opportunities in the industry. So, let me summarize my financial review. 2016 operating earnings were $3.80 per share. 2017 operating earnings guidance is $3.40 per share to $3.90 per share. 2018 operating earnings are expected to be at least 10% above 2017. 2017 to 2020 earnings growth rate should be 6% to 8%; and we anticipate dividend growth of more than 8% per year, beginning in 2018. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued at Dominion – excuse me, in 2016. All of our business units either met or exceeded their safety goals for the year. I'm pleased that our employees set an all-time low, OSHA recordable rate of 0.66 last year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 93% for the year, the highest since 2013 and the second highest since Millstone joined the fleet 16 years ago. Surry Unit 1 set a fleet record for the shortest refueling outage this fall, surpassing a record set at North Anna in 2015. Our Brunswick County Power Station, which began operating last April, has been honored with a number of industry awards including Best Overall Generation Project of the Year and Excellence in Safety Best Project. Now, for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,588 megawatt Greensville County combined-cycle power station continues on time and on budget. As of year-end 2016, the $1.3 billion project was 19% complete. Greensville is expected to achieve commercial operations in late 2018. Five solar projects were completed in the fourth quarter. The 80 megawatt solar facility on Virginia's Eastern Shore went into service in October. Three other Virginia solar projects totaling 56 megawatts went into service in December, along with the 60 megawatt solar facility in North Carolina. For the full year 2016, 727 megawatts were added to our solar portfolio. We have a number of solar projects under development in the State of Virginia and continue to see demand for renewables from our customers including data centers, military installations and the state government. In November, we announced a major expansion of our solar alliance with Amazon Web Services to add 180 megawatts of new solar generating capacity at sites in five Virginia counties, all of which should be in service this year. In total, we have announced close to 300 megawatts that will go into service by year-end, bringing our operating portfolio to over 1,400 megawatts of solar generating capacity. We have been working to secure a combined operating license for our third unit at our North Anna Nuclear Power Station since 2009. Last month, the staff of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission completed its final safety evaluation report, concluding that there are no safety aspects that would preclude issuing a license for construction and operation of the proposed reactor. Following a mandatory hearing later this year, the commission will vote on whether to authorize the staff to issue a license. Company has made no decision to construct North Anna 3, but with the combined operating license, will preserve its option to do so, should the Virginia State Corporation Commission believe it is in the best interest of our customers. Company has included new nuclear in its Integrated Resource Plan as one option to meet future customer demand and comply with environmental regulations. Dominion Virginia Power connected 11 new data centers in 2016, two more than planned and two more than in 2015. We anticipate a similar number of centers to come online this year and each year through the end of the decade. In fact, we have already connected one new data center already this year. In addition, anticipated increase in federal spending on defense will provide strong support for the Virginia economy, which is the largest recipient of defense dollars in the nation. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approvals and construction. $784 million worth of these facilities were completed last year, including our new System Operations Center. We're planning to invest $800 million in our electric transmission business this year. Our strategic undergrounding program continues at Dominion Virginia Power. In August of 2016, State Corporation Commission approved Phase 1 in the recovery of $139 million capital investment to convert 412 miles of overhead tap lines to underground. We will invest $110 million in capital and covert an additional 244 miles of overhead tap lines during Phase 2. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. Our Cove Point Liquefaction project is now 84% complete. Engineering and procurement is essentially done. All major equipment has been set, and steel and pipe installation continues. We completed pressure testing of the air cooled condenser, and commissioning is underway for electrical, compressed air and water treatment. We expect to achieve completion of 95% or more of structural steel by the end of this quarter. The project continues on time and on budget to be in service later this year. We are continuing to work toward the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header project. FERC issued its draft of environmental impact statement in December, in line with their permitting schedule. The report is favorable, and importantly concluded that environmental impacts will be effectively mitigated and there would be no significant public safety impacts. ACP has essentially completed its design, executed the construction contract, and completed over 80% of materials procurement. The project's budget has been updated for the construction plan, including the cost to reroute segments impacting U.S. Forest Service lands. And we now anticipate total development cost for the project, excluding financing cost, to $5 billion to $5.5 billion. ACP expects to maintain the returns on the project through a combination of construction contingencies and negotiated rate adjustments, as allowed by the existing customer agreements. We expect completion of the Atlanta Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header in the second half of 2019. A record six major pipeline expansion projects were placed into service in 2016, adding 1.2 billion cubic feet per day of capacity for our customers. We have an additional six pipeline growth projects, underway with $700 million of investment to move 900 million cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. We are seeing continued appetite for new pipeline expansion projects, driven by new power, industrial and LDC load throughout our system. We believe a more open federal policy for infrastructure investments. We'll increase drilling in the basin and increase demand from industrials and other sectors. Importantly, we'll also expedite approvals of gas infrastructure, which will in turn accelerate investments in needed pipeline expansions. Based on these drivers, we expect to secure a number of new growth projects this year, and significantly more through 2020 throughout our entire footprint, including our traditional Appalachian Basin, our new Western system and our expanding Eastern footprint, which has direct access to the fast growing Mid-Atlantic and Southeast U.S. markets. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in 2016. Construction of the Greensville County project is on time and on budget. Construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction project is also on time and on budget. We continue to work toward FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header project. And we look forward to completion of these major projects, which will deliver strong earnings and dividend growth starting next year. As Mark stated, we expect earnings growth of at least 10% in 2018; and a diverse set of positive drivers will support continued growth in years to come, supporting an earnings per share growth rate of 6% to 8% through 2020 off of our 2017 base year. Finally, because of our unique MLP structure, our superior cash flows will also allow dividend growth rate at Dominion higher than 8% per year for the foreseeable future. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So perhaps just a first quick question on the tax reform scenario you discussed in what you'd be, I think you said, neutral. Can you discuss some of the moving pieces that you would think about under that specific scenario, just to give us a little bit more detail?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Hi, Julien, this is Mark. And if we say neutral, we've run a number of different cases, some would be positive, some would be slightly negative. And I guess, we've taken the approach today that no one knows what's going to happen with taxes. And so instead of giving some range out in terms of probabilities, we took a neutral stance. But the key drivers for us, and remember, our mix is different in a lot of truly regulated companies, but the tax rate obviously is a key component on where that lands. Interest deductibility is a very large component for us because of our unregulated fleet, and the amount of current interest that we deduct, normalization, practices and our regulated operations, we operate in many, many states and day-one expensing. So, taking each one individually, they could have a positive or slightly negative impact, some greater than others, but because they – some of these may change or be offset, we think at this point, the best decision for us is to stay neutral until we get some additional clarity out of Congress.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Can you give us your latest expectations for proceeds just through the decade from the MLP drops? And breaking that down, if you can, between debt paydown targets, buybacks and any tax implications from the drop? And again, obviously, with some moving pieces there, just kind of what you see today is your expectation?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: I think, today, I would see a breakdown where debt repayment at the parent of between now and 2020 would probably fall in the range of $3 billion to $4 billion, and the remainder of the $7 billion would go to either share repurchases, support growth, dividend support, but that's kind of the breakdown that I look at right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Is taxes not a material number within that, as best you espect?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We have some tax strategies that we are planning to put in place. And remember as you think about this, the basis of Cove Point is going to be very high when it drops in. So, it's not like a traditional legacy pipeline asset. But we have factored taxes into our assumptions going forward and we're comfortable with the cash flows we quoted coming back to the parent.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Well, thank you very much, gentlemen.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning. So, you guys, when you talked about the guidance for 2017 over 2016, very, very clear; the 2018 over 2017 also very clear. But – and pointing to at least 10% growth, but how do we think about the other puts and takes. Obviously, Virginia Electric Power you laid out still a reasonably robust capital spending and rate base growth forecast. So, is there any reason I should be concerned or believe that the quantum of net income from VEPCO in 2018 over 2017 wouldn't be higher as well?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No. No reason to be concerned about that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then are there are any other – other than thinking about whether or not there is a drop in 2017 and recycling of cash flow, are there any other like major drivers for thinking about, so where we are in that 10% plus range?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No. I think the drivers Greg, is more – the drivers are pretty straightforward 2017, 2018, Cove obviously is there, one fewer Millstone outage. We try to adjust these growth rates and guidance range to current commodity decks out there on power and also on gas. So I think the growth drivers should be pretty clear. The other thing I'd emphasize, again, and we talked about it earlier. We've actually talked about for about year now. We are purposely stepping down our ITC reliance, so that we get to a very low normal run rate. We've used ITCs for a number of years here to help support earnings during a large capital spend program. And we are not going to be in that business any big way in 2018 and beyond.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And you also did not contemplate any change in regulatory scheme in Connecticut or Massachusetts, as it pertains to clean energy credits for Millstone, correct?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: The only thing we've factored into our growth rate and for 2018 is a very modest increase in power prices in the Northeast just because we think they're extraordinarily low right now. It was not a reflection of any legislative effort that would be out there, but just a – on a normal slow recovery in the Northeast on power.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And you guys raised – last raised the dividend in December. So when you say that you're – when you articulated the dividend growth target today, should I presume that the normal cadence of going to the board with a – to have a conversation on the dividend will be again next December?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yes. We have – the board is fully aware of these statements we have been making since the fall that we expect to – starting in 2018, to have a dividend growth rate higher than 8%. So we would – our normal policy would be go back later in the year to talk to them about next year's dividend policy, but they are very aware and supportive of dividend growth rate higher than 8% starting next year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks, gents.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, just a follow-up on Greg's questions. Can you elaborate a little more on why – why there is a 6% to 8% growth rate for the next two years instead of the old 7% to 9%, like why – you are already starting at a lower base. I'm just wondering what – what's the driver in 2019 and 2020 that forces you to reduce that by 1%? Is it the ACP delay or is it something else?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Michael, this is Mark. No, it's not really the ACP delay, although obviously ACP versus previous estimates were being lower 2019 as the build out occurs and be stronger or I guess equivalent, I should say, in 2020. But there's a couple of things to think about there. And when I referenced to Greg earlier, that we kind of reset the commodity deck here, that is a reference to really two parts of our business, obviously the power vis-à-vis which everybody – there is real clarity on that. But the second is gas and oil prices that might impact our business, in particular at Blue Racer. Blue Racer's contribution versus previous estimates are going to be down significantly based on current oil and gas outlook; that can change, it could go up, but we wanted to normalize that in this growth rate. Also the contributions at Hastings, our small processing plant that is housed within DTI, their contributions are also down from previous expectations based on the same liquids pricing events that are out there. So, again to set up, taking a very bullish recovery in commodities, we pretty much looked at the strip, and if your outlook is that – that is conservative based on the recovery of economy, and E&P and others, that could well happen. But those are the two biggest drivers in the 2019 and 2020 timeframe than what we would have talked about previously.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got you. So you're being conservative and considering there – I mean, when I look at the frac spreads going forward in Marcellus, that – I mean, there has been improvement over the last six months, and I'm just wondering if you're seeing any more interest from your – from your customers?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: There has been improvements, certainly in the basin two between South Point and Henry, but we've seen a little bit of an incremental activity in Blue Racer. But it's going to be a slow recovery there, I think, to a more normal rate than we thought two years or so ago in the Southern Utica. So we put out a growth – anticipated growth a couple of years ago for Blue Racer. I'd reference you to those numbers, but it's going to be significantly less than that based on what we're seeing currently over the next two or three years.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got you. And in terms of Connecticut legislation, and is there a possibility for Massachusetts legislation to support nuclear as well, is that something you're hearing?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: There is a – good morning. What we've heard is more through the regulatory process in Massachusetts, but yes.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, what – how – what form will that take?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Similar, as we understand it, I mean, all of this is in development, but it's similar – it would be a similar approach to what Connecticut is considering, which unlike some of the other states is not a – some people are describing the other states and subsidies, I'll leave that to others to discuss, but Connecticut is clearly not, it's up to the – it is a opportunity for us to fit into their clean energy program, and compete with other clean energy sources. Connecticut – Millstone Power Station provides over half of Connecticut's power and it has – you can obviously see for the 20% lower prices we're getting for this year than we got last year, it's been under some pressure. And – but we're hopeful that things will improve there.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. A couple quickly. The – just on the 10%-plus for 2018. I mean you guys give pretty wide ranges when you do the years. So, is the 10% like the low-end of that wide range or is that being too specific?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No I – the way I look at it, Steve is if you look typically, what those folks have done. The way, we look at it, if you look at the midpoint of our range. We see it of – 2017 I should say, we would see at least 10% growth of the midpoint of 2017. And you are right, we do give fairly wide ranges and that is mainly because we have been so weather sensitive the last five years that it can move in off a lot based on weather in Virginia and Ohio for us, but – but that's how I would do the math, midpoint-to-midpoint.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. One clarification on something you've already said so, you talked about kind of updating to kind of roughly the current forwards but then also on the power side, and then also talked about, though, expecting, anticipating some recovery in the numbers. So I guess, I wasn't exactly clear, which is the answer to that?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Let me see, if I can help you a little bit on that. We look at the strip and we have a very small amount of growth annually off the current strip that's out there in the Northeast. So it's not material to our estimates, it's a few percent a year, the lift in power price. Again, we don't know if it would be more than that or less than that. But we've gone through this for two years now and power prices have not recovered to a level that were in expectations, and we were able to cover those other ways. What we've tried to do here is to say, we've taken a market look of what's out there and we've just taken a very conservative upside to that.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then last question is, Tom, mentioned more opportunities for growth off of the pipeline network both the East and the West. When we think about your 6% to 8% growth rate, is that something that would be kind of included there toward the end of the period or is that beyond the period when those new projects would hit? How should we think about that?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Steve, some of them, I think actually has been – a lot of interests starting really this – at the end of last year and this year throughout. We really think of it as three different areas. The West and our traditional Mid-Atlantic. I mean, Mid – Appalachian Basin area. And now it is more Southeastern situation with what we have in North – in South Carolina for example. They will start layering in – for new projects we'll start layering in 1919, 1920 and 1921. So they're going to be spaced out. There will be some in 1918. There will be some in 1919, 1920 and 1921. It depends on what – how quickly we sign them up. Some will be longer, and more capital and some will be shorter and less capital. So I would – they will come out – they will – as you would traditionally see, we announced them as we sign them. And we will have projects that will come in in 2018, we already talked about those today, we have more in 2019, more in 2020, more in 2021, more in 2022. And by expanding our gas infrastructure footprint, we have expanded the opportunities.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Just a follow up question to Steve's question. So, again did you incorporate those pipeline growth projects, or any midstream growth projects in that 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2020?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: A modest amount.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. On Connecticut or New England, in general, I mean, can you give us any sense roughly what would be the benefit to earnings from this legislation, are we talking, I don't know, $0.05, are we talking $0.20, I mean, just a rough estimate?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Angie, this is Mark. We have no estimate to give you, the legislation is not even out of committee. And the exact structure is still evolving, I think, so we don't have any estimate or even a probability at this point whether there'll be success in Connecticut. We would hope there would be, but we don't have a number today at all.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And my last question, so you said, out of the $7 billion of cash that's going to be coming from Cove Point. $3 billion to $4 billion will be used for debt paydown, and then the rest split between buybacks, dividends and then growth. Can you give us a little bit more of a sense, I mean, you are giving us EPS growth target. So, just roughly what is the number embedded for buybacks, so that we actually can get a share count, and is there a way for instance you could shift some of the money to make, I don't know, accretive acquisitions that could boost that growth trajectory?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We haven't specifically allocated in 2018, 2019 or 2020, which is when we think Cove Point will be dropped over the three-year period. The exact amount that would go between supporting organic growth, share repurchase and dividends. But, on the dividend side, the math is fairly straightforward. There will be a modest amount, but it'll be the amount that allows us to grow our dividend at a level that doesn't burden our regulated entities beyond the 65% to 70% payout ratio. So, that's a few hundred million dollars. Beyond that, we'll have to see what the opportunities are, Angie, before I can tell you specifically how much the share repurchase versus organic. But, again, it will be a split between that, and as we get closer to the period, we'll go ahead and give clarity.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, guys. I have a few questions on Dominion Midstream related to the drop of Cove Point. So, the dropdown value that you guys talked about $7 billion, is that already been negotiated with the Conflicts Committee?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: It has not.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, what is the – I mean how are you going to drop this thing, are we going to stagger it over a few years or will it happen all at once?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Right now, we're anticipating staggering in over a few years. And, a lot of that will depend I think on a couple of things. One is there a need for cash at the parent in a particular period that might change that. Second, how are the other assets in DM performing, which we expect to perform quite well, could move that around a little bit. But what I would do for your modeling purposes is I would take the exact amount of EBITDA necessary to grow 22% in 2018, 2019, 2020 off the existing EBITDA stream that's currently there, and back into how the split will occur. And I think what you'll find is that we don't need but a very small drop in 2018 and probably an equal level between 2019 and 2020. So that's how we're thinking about it now, but that could change based on opportunity out there.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just the value of the drop $7 billion versus sort of, let's say, the book value after this is all said and done will be $4 billion. So I mean, is it fair to say that you'll take back a lot of units when you do this drop; simply because you want to mitigate the tax impact of that sort of gain on the book value of the asset?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We will certainly take back some units as part of the drop. A lot of that will be determined by tax planning and market access but based on our last drop or I should say or – I guess our first drop of Questar Pipeline, we can access the market at a very high level and it looks like a very favorable rate. So we would expect only the minimum amount to anticipate any tax issues that may occur out there in terms of units back.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And what happens with the preferred equity at – in the Dominion Midstream from – in Cove Point, because that was related to the liquefaction asset. So, obviously you can't have two forms of equity in the partnership, would that just get sort of wiped out or sort of exchange for common equity in Cove Point?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Okay. I think realistically, once all Cove Point is dropped in, it's – there is no preferred value to it at all. So probably, it becomes common, but we haven't really talked about that. Until it's all dropped in, a differentiation is probably important, but and after it's all in, I'm not sure there is a need for that.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then did you guys discuss that commissioning is under way, so are you going to produce any commissioning cargos this quarter, in the first quarter?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. When would you – when would you envision producing the commissioning cargos, and assuming you sell those in the market, would that be used as a debit against your PP&E?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No. Just to backup, we're – we expect the units to come online, be ready for commercial operations late this year. The capacity and outlook is all entirely – is owned by the shippers. We have capacity contracts, take-or-pay contracts on those. So once its operational, we will be receiving our payments for capacity, and that will be up to the shippers to – to take the cargos.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sure. No, I understand that. But I thought that in the commissioning stage, you'll produce cargos to test the facility, was my understanding. And then those commissioning cargos sort of belong to you...
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: That's...
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's my understanding.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: That will be later – late in the year.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. The last question....
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet of JP Morgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just want to follow-up on Atlantic Coast Pipeline a bit more. And if you could just comment on how the progress there and any thoughts as far as, where the FERC stands right now, or the new administration, any updated thoughts on the regulatory environment would be helpful?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We're doing quite well with Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The draft environmental impact statement came out as scheduled under the scheduling order. It's quite positive, as I mentioned earlier. And it's obviously there for anybody to see. It had about 85 potential conditions in it, number like that, which I think is fewer than we had at Cove Point actually, for a much longer pipeline. So, we were – FERC had done a very thorough analysis, but we had done a lot of – we had done a lot of very thorough work before filing everything, that any major reroutes were already all scoped out before the draft environmental impact statement came out. Comment period is underway. Public hearings will be heard starting at the end of this month. It will all be wrapped up in early March. So we don't see any hurdles to getting our final EIS out in June as it's scheduled. There's an issue, I know, people may have with the going down the two FERC commissioners here over the next I guess about a week or a few days. We don't – need to have a full complement or a quorum at FERC until summer time to be on our schedule. So I'm highly confident that the president will appoint folks by then, they will confirmed by the Senate and seated. So, we think, it's going extremely well, we've signed our construction contract. It's all taken into account all the changes that were necessary as a part of the rerouting through the mountains and the forests, the National Forest. So all in all, ACP is going extremely well.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's – that's all from me. That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just following back – and I'm sorry, if I miss this. The solar ITCs for 2018, it sounds like that will be kind of the base line that you guys are looking for. Could you quantify what the total solar ITCs for 2018 are expected to be, roughly speaking?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Paul, right now, we're looking at kind of a normal customer driven run rate of about $0.10 a share from ITCs starting in 2018.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Has there been any change in the farm outlook performance?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We have – how are you doing, Paul? Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We had – continue to have significant amount of interest in the farm-outs. Just to refresh you, I think we're about 3/5 of the way through the program. When we announced it in the beginning of 2015, we said that we would have – I think the number was about $450 million over a five-year period. We have done about 3/5 of it already. We have a lot of interests. We're not in any hurry to do. We have – we'll do plenty of farm-outs over that period, we're going to get the right price for them. So we're being patient, but we have plenty of interest.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, on the nuke life extension, it sounded like there might be a considerable rate base opportunity there, from a – and also from a risk reward or from a risk perspective, a lower risk than new build. I'm just wondering, the bill seems to be moving to a legislature associated with that. And I'm just wondering when, assuming that that go, what's your outlook for that is and when it quantitatively might start showing up in rate base
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: I'll answer that part of that question and I will turn it over to Paul Koonce. So your reference is to, I think is the – there's a legislation progressing through the Virginia General Assembly that makes it clear that life extensions of our Surry and North Anna Power Stations, these additional life extensions – license extensions would be subject to rider treatment. It's progressing particularly through the General Assembly. General Assembly adjourns for the year at the end of this month. And all it's doing is ensuring rider treatment for all those capital expenditures. With respect to new build, I think we said pretty consistently last few years, North Anna 3 is there as a possibility, an auction for us for Dominion, when and if, it becomes appropriate and is in the best interest of our customers to do so. I think it's quite clear that risk is less in doing life extensions than building new nuclear reactors as we've seen. But, I'll turn over the timing to Paul Koonce.
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Paul. Yeah, we – North Anna and Surry have operated terrifically over its life and we see the opportunity to spend probably in the order of $3 billion to $3.5 billion in just equipment upgrade. Right now, when we take an outage we perform a lot of maintenance. If we get the second license extension support then we might start replacing, not performing maintenance. So I think what you'll see is that beginning to take place in the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 timeframe and even out into the decade. One of the things we'll have to look at is our traditional refueling outages, do we change the number of days to get more work done. So we're really looking at all of that now, but you should start to see that, provided the legislation, you should start to see that in our earnings in the 2019, 2020, 2021 timeframe.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on the coal ash, are we pretty much finished with the impact of that given the last quarter, and is there any potential for recovery of these coal ash expenses?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Hey, Paul, I'm going to let Paul Koonce answer that one as well.
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Paul, you noticed we took $122 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter to revise our estimates, and really those estimate revisions were due to just additional water treatment at Bremo and Possum Point. Recall we have four sites that we are in the process of remediating Possum Point, Bremo, Chesterfield and Chesapeake. We are in the process of getting the solid waste permits, which will govern the final closure plan and the 30-year water monitoring requirements. So I would expect, over time, as we get those solid waste permits, we buy – need to make revisions. But again, in a relative basis, our coal ash mitigation is pretty small relative to others.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, but we don't expect any recovery of these expenses?
Paul D. Koonce - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Well, we do have a rider recovery for active coal plants, and Chesterfield Power Station is an active coal plant, so we do expect the coal ash mitigation associated with Chesterfield will be recoverable.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Resources, Inc. Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc. Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good afternoon and welcome to the third quarter 2016 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our Earnings Release Kit. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the Earnings Release Kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this afternoon are our CEO, Tom Farrell, our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the third quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance for the fourth quarter. He will also discuss Dominion Midstream's financing of its planned acquisition of Questar pipeline which was priced this morning. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities, and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good afternoon. Dominion Resources' reported operating earnings of $1.14 per share for the current quarter of 2016, finishing well above the top of our guidance range. Positive factors relative to guidance for the quarter were favorable weather, lower operating expenses, and earlier approval of our Questar acquisition and partnership income from one of our large solar projects. Some of the partnership income is timing-related and will reverse in the fourth quarter. Negative factors were an unplanned outage at Millstone and higher major storm restoration cost. GAAP earnings were $1.10 per share for the third quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings were charges related to transaction cost for our merger with Questar. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by operating segment, for Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the third quarter was $423 million, which was in the upper half of its guidance range. Favorable weather conditions were partially offset by higher major storm restoration costs. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $921 million in the third quarter, which exceeded the top of its guidance range. Favorable weather was the principal factor in the strong performance, partially offset by an unplanned outage at Millstone. Third quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $310 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses and an earlier-than-planned contribution from Questar were the principal drivers of the strong results. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the third quarter of 2016, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $27.9 million, 37% higher than the level produced in the third quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow increased 22% to $24.1 million, which was consistent with management's expectations. On October 21, Dominion Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.2475 per unit payable on November 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $3.1 billion for the first nine months of the year. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities and, taking into account cash, short-term investments and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $2.5 billion. For statements on cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the Earnings Release Kit. During the third quarter, we completed a number of financing transactions to support our growth plan and cover the acquisition of Questar. Slide 6 highlights our recent financing activities. We have one public debt financing planned for the remainder of this year at VEPCO. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.90 to $1.05 per share. The midpoint of that range is $0.28 per share above operating earnings of $0.70 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015. Positive earnings drivers for the quarter compared to last year are a return to normal weather, the absence of a refueling outage at Millstone, lower capacity expenses and the addition of Questar. Negative drivers for the quarter compared to last year include higher financing costs and DD&A. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.60 to $4.00 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the Earnings Release Kit. As of mid-October, we have hedged 8% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone. We expect to add to our hedges over the next three months and plan to have about 80% of our 2017 production hedged by the end of January. So, let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2016, which was well above our guidance range. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations. And finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.90 to $1.05 per share and full-year earnings guidance remains $3.60 to $4.00 per share. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good afternoon. Strong operational and safety performance continued in the third quarter. All of our business units are on track to meet their safety goals for the year. We expect to set another company-wide safety record this year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 93% for the first nine months of the year. The contribution of the Brunswick County Power Station helped our regulated power generation group achieve record net generation. Now, for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County combined cycle power station continues on time and on budget. Approximately 480 workers are on site performing civil and structural work. The $1.3 billion project is expected to achieve commercial operations in late 2018. Our two large contracted solar projects, Four Brothers and Three Cedars in Utah, were completed in September on time and on budget. We own 50% of the two projects that have a combined capacity of 530 megawatts and are secured by 20-year power purchase agreements. We have a number of solar projects under development in the state of Virginia, and continue to see demand for renewables from our customers, including datacenters, military installations and the state government. The 80-megawatt solar facility on Virginia's Eastern Shore is complete and went into the service – went into service over this past weekend. Three other Virginia solar projects totaling 56 megawatts are also expected to be in service by year-end. Earlier this month, we announced a 60-megawatt solar development in North Carolina, secured by 25-year power purchase agreements. This project should also be in service by the end of this year. We have filed with State Corporation Commission for approval of an additional 20-megawatt solar facility at the site of our Remington power station to be in service next year. In July, we signed a lease with the Department of the Navy to develop an 18-megawatt solar facility at the Oceana Naval Air Station in Virginia. If approved by the State Corporation Commission, this solar facility is expected to be in service by late next year. This will bring our operating solar fleet to 1,200 megawatts by the end of 2017. We are in discussions with multiple parties for further solar development in the future, and we fully expect to exceed our goal of adding 500 megawatts of solar farms in Virginia and North Carolina. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. $580 million worth of these facilities have been completed so far this year, including our new systems operation center. We expect to place over $730 million of new transmission assets into service by year-end. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. Our Cove Point Liquefaction project is now 75% complete, with over 2,000 construction workers on site. Our engineering, procurement and construction contractor, IHI/Kiewit, has installed well over half of the 21,500 tons of the structural steel required, and the piping installation is proceeding on plan. All major components have been delivered to the site, and all will be installed on their foundations by year-end. Our operation staffing plan is also on schedule. The project continues to be on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. We continue to work towards the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. FERC issued its Notice of Schedule on August 12. We expect to receive the Draft EIS in a few weeks and the final EIS in June. We anticipate beginning construction upon receipt of the FERC certificate during the second half of next year. Surveying and pipeline engineering is nearly complete and will be finished this year. We're finalizing our detailed construction plans, and on September 16, executed the construction contract with Spring Ridge Constructors. We expect completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header in the second half of 2019. In addition to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header, we have 10 pipeline growth projects underway with $1 billion of investment to move 1.5 million cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. On the (13:02) project, with more than 200,000 dekatherms per day of capacity, it was put into service in October. And we have another three projects to come online this year. Our new expansion projects are primarily demand driven, moving gas and to end-use power generators for local distribution companies. In regulatory matters, hearings were held earlier this month for Dominion's base rate case for our North Carolina service territories, seeking approval of a $51.1 million increase in base rate revenues. A settlement was reached with the staff and a group of investor customers calling for a $34.7 million increase based on a 9.9% return on equity. We will implement the proposed rates subject to refund tomorrow with permanent rates becoming effective January 1 of next year. A decision is expected in December. Finally, I want to update you on our merger with Questar Corporation. The Public Service Commission of Utah approved the merger on August 23 and the Wyoming Public Service Commission approved it on September 14. We completed the merger two days later. Ron Jibson, Questar's retired Chairman and CEO, has joined Dominion's Board of Directors. Harris Simmons, the former lead Director for Questar has joined the board of Dominion Midstream Partners. We are excited about adding Questar to Dominion's operations and look forward to developing new growth opportunities in the Western states. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the third quarter. Construction of the Greensville County project is on time and on budget. Construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction project is on time and on budget. We continue to work toward FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project. And we are excited about our future opportunities that will come as a result of our merger with Questar. I will now return the call to Mark for a discussion of our financings at Dominion Midstream Partners.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Tom. We issued press releases this morning announcing the launch and subsequent pricing our Dominion Midstream financing to acquire Questar Pipeline. I wanted to discuss it on this afternoon's call for a number of reasons. First, it represents one of the largest financing transactions by a publicly traded MLP this year. Second, based on the low initial yield for the preferred equity and the modest discount to market for the common units, this financing was the least expensive for an MLP issuer this year. It provides clear evidence of the high level of interest by investors in DM equity. Third, despite being one of the largest offerings this year, demand for the common equity was significantly oversubscribed, leading us to upsize the offering. Fourth, the successful financing validates our strategic plan for Dominion Midstream Partners which involves accessing capital markets at advantageous terms to fund the acquisition of midstream assets from Dominion that will in turn support a 22% annual distribution growth rate. And finally, this successful financing in low-achieved yields confirm the value accretive proposition underlying the formation of Dominion Midstream two years ago for investors of both D and DM. As noted in this morning's press releases, Dominion Midstream Partners will acquire 100% interest in Questar Pipeline on or about December 1 for an implied enterprise value of $1.725 billion or about 10.3 times 2016 EBITDA. About $435 million of existing long-term debt will remain in place at Questar Pipeline, leaving net consideration of just about $1.3 billion. As announced this morning, we have priced common unit offering including both an underwritten offering in a private placement totaling some $500 million assuming underwriters exercise the greenshoe option. Again, I would note that this common unit offering registered is one of the largest MLP unit offerings of the year and at just 2.9% reflects, by far, the smallest discount to any trade of any offering this year. We have also received commitments from a group of private investors led by Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners for up to $600 million in convertible preferred securities, which was priced together with this morning's offering and which closes in conjunction with the transaction close on December 1. Among comparable securities offered by MLPs, this preferred security has the lowest ever initial yield of 4.75% and an attractive conversion premium of 15%. It is clear from the interest in DM preferred structure, investors see very high growth potential in DM shares. We very much appreciate the overwhelming interest and participation in this offering from both public and private investors. At closing, the cash consideration to Dominion provided by these offerings will be used to repay existing Dominion level debt. We will also refinance the existing DM intercompany note with a three-year term note from a group of banks. As shown on slide 19, including the $1.2 billion of proceeds from this transaction, we expect the MLP to generate about $7 billion to $8 billion in cash for Dominion through 2020, which will be used to reduce holding company debt, increase dividends, invest in new growth projects and repurchase common stock. We realize the D/DM structure is somewhat unique in the utility space, and investors have been waiting for us to begin to execute our dropdown strategy. We expect that with the success of today's transactions, both D and DM investors will see the clearer long-term growth in value for both shareholders and unit holders. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. And the first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, perhaps, first quick question, can you elaborate just a little bit on the Millstone hedging plan from here on out? I just want to make sure if I heard you right; 80% from 8% largely today by early 2017. Is that sort of irrespective of the commodity environment? And perhaps, more importantly, how are you thinking about hedging future years, 2018, 2019 at this point?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Julien, it's Mark. The answer to the first part of your question is it's regardless of what the market power price will be between now and the end of January. We committed over many years to investors and the credit agencies that there'll be a clear firm cash flow stream from Millstone as we put guidance out in the current period. So we've always hedged Millstone in the 80%-plus range by the end of the year call, and we plan on doing the same for 2017. In terms of future periods, we will be very cautious on hedging Millstone for a number of reasons. One is we believe that the current forward strip is dramatically understating the value of the market. And second, as you know, there is a lot of discussion in Connecticut about potential legislation and the ability to Millstone bid into future auctions. We hope that would be cleared up in the first half of next year, and we would want to see what the outcome of that would be before we hedge 2018 and beyond.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Just to follow up real quickly – obviously, well done on closing Questar. Just what's the status in terms of future growth opportunities? Can you elaborate just real quickly in terms of where you stand on some of the initial thoughts you'd originally delineated with that transaction?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Julien, the more we look, the more opportunities we see. The West – that part of the West is largely powered by coal-fired power plants. Many of them are going to have to close or be converted to natural gas. There's an increasing amount of RPS requirements in states on – particularly on the Western Sea Coast where, as you know, and I think investors know, the more renewables that are built, the more gas-fired peakers are going to be required to deal with the fact that it's intermittent. So, that's just one potential opportunity that we see in the West. There's a lot of natural gas infrastructure that's going to be required in the future there. Now, it's not on the same scale obviously as the Mid-Atlantic as far as population goes. But starting from the base that we have in the West, we think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But nothing more specific at this point in time?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come...
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Nothing more after six weeks of ownership, no.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Mr. Arnold, please make sure your phone is not on mute, sir. The next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Congratulations on the equity offerings today, especially on the preferred, which effectively look like the same cost of equity as the common when factoring in the IDRs. Given your ability to access far more equity than the majority of your MLP peers out there, I'm just wondering if you can provide us any updated thoughts as far as what you think about opportunistic M&A out there given your ability to access so much equity on attractive terms today.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Jeremy, this is Mark. We were very pleased – although we were always confident, as we've stated to investors over the past nine months, based on what we've heard from investors that lack (24:39) liquidity in the DM stock. We knew there'd be a lot of interest. We've been particularly pleased with the convert and interest shown in that by multiple parties, and the very aggressive financing around that. So, I think that just reinforces our view that if we see an asset out there that fits the DM profile that we can fund it within the DM umbrella if we need to, or with D parent support if required. But I think today's results just validate for us that the DM shares are highly valued and will be a great source of future equity financing if we decide to enter the M&A stage (25:20) at all.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That makes sense. And then, just one follow-up if I could. There's been some concern in the market with regards to recent developments from the IRS, and just wondering if you might be able to comment there, maybe this alters one mechanism that you guys were looking at for dropdowns, but it seems like your targets over time would be largely unchanged. Is that a fair way to think about things?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yes. Our targets will be unchanged, and I think your reference is that the IRS after this calendar year do not allow certain tax shields that existed prior to that – that MLPs can make themselves available to. But we have a long-term tax planning for each of the years through 2020. We were aware of that potential down the road, and it will not impact either our growth rate or distribution focus going forward. That has been incorporated into our tax planning for quite some time.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Mark, just on – you mentioned this solar that you booked in the quarter, but then some of it will come out in Q4. Could you just explain that a little better?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Sure, Steve. This solar involves partnership income from one project, Four Brothers in Utah, and it's complicated partnership accounting. When we put the guidance out – actually, when we put the budget together this year, we thought the contribution will be evenly distributed over a number of quarters, but the final accounting determination required us to book $0.04 in the third quarter and that will roll off $0.02 in the fourth quarter and $0.02 in the first half of next year. So that's a timing issue for the quarter, but for year-end, there's no impact on our guidance at all.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, can I just have handy the number for the full year of what you're expecting for earnings to be for 2016?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: And I believe – in terms of ITCs, I think we're looking about $290 million.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, on the transaction, which is great, you got that done. The – just in terms of thinking about kind of the – so you're selling the asset down, you're getting the IDRs back. I think you're keeping – what percent of DM are you going to own now after this transaction?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: North of 50% still.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right.
Operator: Thank you for the question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Good.
Operator: The next question will come from Rose-Lynn Armstrong with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Can you provide an update on the outlook for the ITC realization in 2017? I think on the last quarter call, you indicated potential for up to $0.30 of ITCs next year.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Yes, Rose-Lynn. I would continue to model $0.30 for next year.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And are those from identified projects at this point or still to be announced, still to be determined?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Almost all of them are identified. We have a few others that we're still working on. But I would say we're very far down the road in terms of identifying what supports the ITC estimate for 2017.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for the question. The next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Maguire – Macquarie, I'm sorry. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So, I just want to go back to the 2017 guidance. So, what do we need as far as developments to happen for you to be able to provide 2017 guidance? Are we waiting for some legislative actions in Connecticut? Are we waiting for the start of commercial testing at Cove Point, or are we simply waiting for the annual Analyst Day around, say, February, March timeframe?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Angie, for 2017, we almost always give guidance on the year-end call, which is typically at the very end of January, beginning of February. The only thing we're really waiting on for 2017 is what will the actual hedge price be at Millstone. And since we're pretty open at Millstone right now, we hesitate giving any guidance range for 2017 until we're much further down the road on hedging.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And now, the dropdown today to DM, clearly very successful, but is it coming a bit early in a sense – I understand that the funds that you're raising from DM are aimed to de-lever the balance sheet, but are you, in a sense, trying to manage your interest expense for 2017 by accelerating this DM dropdown, or is it simply an opportunistic timing?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: It's more of the latter. We really believe we have overhang on both these stocks based on an anticipated offering at DM. We also, I think – as I mentioned earlier, people have been waiting for us to validate the structure of D and DM and those advantages and really answer the question, can you access the equity market at DM at a very high level that benefits both DM and D. So, based on that, we elected to go early. We didn't have to do it until the third quarter of next year, but we wanted to get it behind us. It does help us on financing a little bit at D next year, but the principal reason was to validate the model and to show the investor base that DM is a security that is sought after and has huge benefits to DM and D shareholders.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And then, the last question on Atlantic Coast Pipeline. So, with the start of construction in, I think you said, second half of 2017, are we basically assuming that you're booking AFUDC from the moment you start construction, and so the impact on earnings of the delay of the start of operations (32:53) simply because you're booking AFUDC earning during construction?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: I think that's right, Angie. I think that's why you ought to have it in your – in mind.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): The first question – hi. Good afternoon. First question was on – you've kind of indicated the $7 billion to $8 billion of cash that you expect Dominion to generate from the MLP through 2020. Just wanted to understand what kind of financing mix you're thinking about at the MLP to kind of fund the growth and kind of pay back Dominion. And secondly, in terms of future ownership, how do you see that ownership level of Dominion stay over this timeframe through 2020?
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Praful, this is Mark. I think you're going to see it, and today's examples are a good one. You're going to see the financing will be a combination of preferred common units and debt by adding leverage at DM; although, we said many times that we're going to make sure it's investment-grade rated when we decide to rate it, but it'll be a mix of the three. We'll also potentially take back some units as part of that for tax planning purposes. But again, with the ability today and the market we have today to raise over $1 billion for the first transaction out there, and as the size of DM grows over the next couple of years, we're very optimistic about being able to place the financing. In terms of ownership, I think you could – should assume that for the next several years our ownership is going to stay in the 50% range, and then over time, toward the end of the decade, start to move down more into the 40% range.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you. And then originally, you were talking about Millstone, and just nuclear in general, you were talking about – thinking about hedging depending on the support you get. Just wanted to get a little bit more color on what you expect in terms of the kind of support, is it similar to a New York ZEC kind of program or what you expect and where in the regulatory approval process it stands right now?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Let's go back to – the hedging will happen, as Mark said, regardless of what the price is. We've done that for a long time and we will continue to do it into the future. So everybody knows what expectations we should have for earnings and cash flows. As far as the Connecticut, the New York example, as I understand New York, is a – basically a tax payer subsidization of two facilities in the northern part of New York without any support going to the Indian Point reactors outside New York City. That's how I understand it. Just from recent trade press, I see similar moves are being followed into Illinois, for example. Connecticut has gone about it in a different way. They have a RPS standard there and an auction has been established for some years where the LSEs bid – take their – meet their RPS requirements by auctions from renewable suppliers into that RPS auction on an annual basis. The contemplation by the legislature, not the regulators, in Connecticut is to expand that to a clean power standard that would include nuclear which would allow up to approximately 50% of Millstone to be included in that auction. That at this point obviously is still in contemplation by the legislature. There is some momentum behind it. We're following it very closely, but it won't affect 2017. It would affect 2018 and beyond.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The final question will come from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Mr. Weinstein, please make sure your phone is not on mute, sir.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: How about – hello, can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes, sir.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: Sorry about that. Hi. Congratulations on getting the financing done. What kind of an assumption are you making on the $7 billion to $8 billion cash projection going forward? Considering the price that was received, I guess, for $23.20 for the LP units, and can we assume that it's going to still be a 10 to 11 (37:43) dropdown based on $7 billion to $8 billion?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: We can't answer that question today. We'll have to see what the market bears and what the conflicts committee is comfortable with. It's a long period of time, but I will say that the remaining dropdowns this decade are principally around the Cove Point export facility which we place a very high value on. So we'll see. We said two years ago if we were to model it, we'd model 11 times. So, this transaction went at 10.3. I think anything between 10 and 11 would be a very realistic data point, but we'll have to see what asset drops and what the market will bear at that time.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: When do the converts – when do the preferred converts convert over?
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: That's a complicated question. We have certain conversion rights here at Dominion and then there's other conversion rights by the owners. I'll be glad to answer that after the call for you, but it's probably too complex to go into on the call.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got you. Anyway, congratulations. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark F. McGettrick - Dominion Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this afternoon's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given after the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome to the second quarter 2016 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our Earnings Release Kit. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are, dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the Earnings Release Kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell, our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the second quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance for the third quarter and full-year 2016. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.71 per share for the second quarter of 2016, finishing in the upper-half of our guidance range of $0.65 per share to $0.75 per share. Operating earnings would have been at the top of our guidance range, were not for the impact of milder-than-normal weather and higher storm restoration costs. GAAP earnings were $0.73 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a gain related to our investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by operating segment, at Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the second quarter was $363 million, which was in the lower half of its guidance range. Negative drivers for the quarter were higher major storm restoration costs and lower kilowatt hour sales, primarily due to mild weather. These were partially offset by growth in rate base and lower operating expenses. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $509 million in the second quarter, which was in the upper half of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses and higher rider revenues offset lower than expected kilowatt hour sales at Virginia Power. Second quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $336 million, which was near the top of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses were the principal driver of the strong results. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses and income taxes were in line with our expectations. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the second quarter of 2016, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $27.2 million, 37% higher than the level produced in the second quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow increased 31% to $23.8 million, which was consistent with management's expectations. On July 22, Dominion Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $0.2355 per unit payable on August 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. Now moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $2 billion for the first six months of the year. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities, and taking into account restricted cash and short-term investments. We ended the quarter with liquidity of $2.8 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the Earnings Release Kit. During the second quarter, we completed a number of financing transactions to support our growth plan and cover the acquisition of Questar. Slide six highlights our recent financing activities. We have a few debt financings planned for the remainder of the year, including issuances at Dominion and VEPCO. In addition, you should expect us to issue incremental mandatory convertible units to support the Questar transaction. Looking ahead to the third quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.95 per share to $1.10 per share. The midpoint of that range is unchanged from the operating earnings of $1.03 per share for the third quarter of 2015. Positive earnings drivers for the quarter compared to last year are higher revenues from our growth projects and lower capacity lower capacity expenses for Virginia Power. Negative drivers for the quarter compared to last year include the actions of a farm-out agreement and our higher share count. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.60 per share to $4 per share. Slide eight is an update of a slide we showed last quarter, which highlight the earnings drivers in the fourth of 2016, which will allow us to achieve our annual guidance range. The chart begins with our actual operating earnings for the first half of 2016, plus the mid-point of our guidance for the third quarter. The middle of the chart details the positive and negative drivers for this year's fourth quarter relative to the prior year. It shows about $0.07 per share of year-over-year negative drivers, principally financing costs DD&A. We then highlight about $0.47 per share of year-over-year positive drivers in the fourth quarter, including normal weather, lower capacity expenses, and the absence of the Millstone outage. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the Earnings Release Kit. As of mid-July, we've hedged 95% of our expected 2016 production at Millstone and 8% of our expected 2017 production. So, let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.71 per share for the second quarter of 2016, which was in the upper-half of our guidance range. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations. And finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the third quarter is $0.95 per share to $1.10 per share, and full-year earnings guidance remains $3.60 per share to $4.00 per share. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued in the second quarter. All of our business units are on track to meet or exceed their safety goals for the year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 92% for the first six months of the year. The contribution of the Brunswick County power station helped our regulated power generation group achieve record net generation. Our nuclear business unit completed two successful refueling outages in the second quarter. The outage at Millstone Unit 3 was completed in 34 days and the refueling of Unit 2 at North Anna was completed in 35 days. Now, for an update on our growth plans. The 1,358 megawatt Brunswick County power station began commercial operations in April, completing the construction schedule that began in August 2013 and was completed ahead of time and under budget. We have begun construction of the 1,588 megawatt Greensville County combined cycle power station. The air permit for the project was issued by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality on June 17 and a full notice to proceed was given to Fluor that same day. The $1.3 billion project is expected to achieve commercial operations in late 2018. Construction on our two large contracted solar projects, Four Brothers and Three Cedars in Utah continues on time and on budget. All sites are mechanically complete with grid synchronization underway. Both projects are expected to be in service this quarter. Virginia Governor, Terry McAuliffe, affirmed his intention for the Commonwealth to move forward on implementing the Clean Power Plan and signing Executive Order 57 on June 28. The order set up an executive branch working group to identify executive actions that could be taken to reduce carbon emissions from the electric utility sector. Continued focus on carbon reduction, combined with demand for low-carbon options by our customers, may require significant additional low- or no-carbon power generation investments in Virginia. We have a number of solar projects under development in the state today and continue to see demand for renewables from our customers including data centers and military installations. Construction of the 80 megawatt solar facility on Virginia's Eastern Shore is underway and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter. The output from the Eastern Shore facility is under contract with our data center customer, Amazon. On June 30, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved three solar projects in Virginia. These facilities, totaling 56 megawatts, is also expected to be in service by late this year. We have filed with the State Corporation Commission for approval of an additional 20 megawatt solar facility at the site of our Remington power station to be in service next year. The output from this facility will be sold to the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the renewable energy credits will be sold to Microsoft. In July, we signed a lease with the Department of the Navy to develop an 18 megawatt solar facility at the Oceana Naval Air Station in Virginia Beach, and Monday filed for approval with the State Corporation Commission. The output of Oceana is under long-term contract with the Commonwealth of Virginia. If approved by the State Corporation Commission, this facility is expected to be in service by late next year. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. $360 million worth of these facilities were completed in the second quarter, including our new systems operation center. We expect to place over $680 million of new transmission assets into service this year. An application for Phase I of our strategic distribution undergrounding program was filed with the State Corporation Commission. The filing, which includes a cost/benefit analysis, covers 400 miles of distribution lines to be converted this year at a cost of $140 million. The SCC is expected to rule on the filing next month. Progress on our growth plans for Dominion Energy continues as well. Our Cove Point Liquefaction project is now 67% complete, with over 1,800 construction workers on site. Our engineering, procurement and construction contractor, IHI/Kiewit, has installed well over half of the 21,500 tons of the structural steel required, and the piping installation is proceeding on plan. We are on schedule to have all major equipment installation on foundations by end of the year. Our operation staffing plan is also on schedule. The formal classroom training began in the second quarter and will continue throughout the facility commissioning. The project continues on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. We'll continue to work towards the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We made the formal FERC filings for these projects last September. In April, after submitting details of a reroute that avoids sensitive areas within the United States Forest Service lands, we received a supplemental notice of intent to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement. We continue to respond to data requests and we're quite pleased with our progress at FERC. We anticipate receiving a scheduling order very soon, followed by a permit which will allow us to begin construction by mid-2017. Surveying and pipeline engineering is nearly complete and will be finished this year. Materials procurement is now over 80% complete and we are finalizing our detailed construction plan. We expect completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header in late 2018. The St. Charles market access project delivering 132,000 dekatherms per day to a CPV power plant in Maryland was completed June 1 on time and on budget. We currently have four projects under construction for an additional 600,000 dekatherms per day to come online later this year. In total, we have 10 pipeline growth projects underway in addition to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header, with $1 billion of investment to move more than 1.5 billion cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. The majority of the projects are demand-driven, moving gas to end-use power generation or local distribution companies. Turning to our farm-out activity, we have enjoyed significant success with our Marcellus and Utica acreage farm-out program which began in 2013. Our current focus is on the portfolio of remaining Utica acreage packages and the prospect of restructuring the previously completed transactions. While many producers pulled back near-term drilling plans, there remains significant interest in several areas throughout our farm-out program. During the second quarter, we restructured a previous agreement covering 79,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights. As part of the restructuring, the parties have agreed to convey immediately a portion of the acreage to facilitate its development, resulting in the recognition of $36 million of revenue. We're currently in discussions with multiple parties and expect to realize additional value later this year. On March 31, Dominion filed base rate case for North Carolina service territory seeking approval of $51.1 million increase in base rate revenues based on a 10.5% return on equity. The North Carolina Commission issued a Procedural Order in May that calls for hearings in October. We have requested to implement the proposed rates, subject to refund, November 1, with permanent rates becoming effective January 1 of next year. Finally, I want to update you on our pending merger with Questar Corporation. Questar's shareholders approved the transaction in May. Merger applications were filed with the Utah and Wyoming Public Service Commissions, and notice was provided to the Idaho Commission. Technical conferences were completed last quarter and discovery is almost complete. On August 1, we filed a settlement stipulation with the Wyoming Commission related to the merger. We will file supporting testimony on August 11 and will present the settlement to the Wyoming Commission on September 14. On July 28, we filed rebuttal testimony with the Utah Commission. The hearing before that Commission is scheduled for August 22. We expect to close the transaction by year end. So to summarize, our businesses delivered strong operating and safety performance in the second quarter. The Brunswick County power station is now complete and in service, ahead of time and under budget. The Greensville County project has been approved and construction is underway. Construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction project is on time and on budget. We continue to work toward FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project, and we are working toward a successful close of our combination with Questar Corporation later this year. Thank you. And we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operators Instructions] We will take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, perhaps just to follow up here on 2017, can you elaborate a little bit on where you stand? Obviously, a little bit preempting guidance here later this year, but where do you stand relative to Millstone and hedging? And provide a little bit more thought on timing for hedging, given where the commodity markets has been this year?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, Julien, this is Mark. As you can see from our hedge schedules, we didn't hedge anything in the second quarter of this year and we actually don't expect to hedge much in the third quarter of this year either. Our view is that the oversupply that occur because of a very mild winter and a very high production cycle over the last year or so is normalizing. And we think with a warm summer this year, going into the fall, that storage will be full early, and we will see more bullish price signals in the Northeast, as we go into the winter period. That being said, we've referenced a number of times that as we go into a calendar year, and certainly by the call at the end of January or early February, we would expect Millstone to be hedged between 80% and 90%, which it always has been. But our hedge view is that we are going to wait till later this year to place more hedges on that facility.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And therefore holding off on providing anymore formal commentary on 2017, right?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: That's right. I mean, we always give guidance for the calendar year typically in January, and that's still our view for 2017. But there's no question that the Millstone revenue stream is driven by power prices, are a big driver to 2017, one way or the other, and we want to get a very clear view on that before we give our annual guidance for 2017.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And also to clarify, I know you're trying to time things for hedges on 2017. Just, and going forward, what are your expectations for your hedging policy? Anything beyond kind of year-one hedge in January?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, we typically over the years have averaged hedges over a three-year period pretty routinely. But we changed that about a year or so ago when we saw this very steep, very quick decline in power prices, which we do not think is sustainable. Obviously too, Julien, and you watch this closely that there's a lot of legislative activity occurring in the Northeast that could well impact nuclear and power prices in general. We want to see, if we can get a little more clarity on some of those activities. So, we will be market-sensitive to this. But unless the forward curves move, we're not going to be in a hurry to hedge right away beyond 2017.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then just following up on a separate subject here, on ITCs, can you clarify a little bit, where do you stand on 2017 relative to plan? I know you guys talked about $0.10 to $0.15. You've announced a few projects thus far I think for next year in VEPCO. And can you also clarify which projects qualify for the ITCs and which ones don't under VEPCO? And then maybe just a further detail what's the total for 2016, just to get it out there, between VEPCO and (22:38)?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Okay, there's like eight questions here, Julien, I think, but I'll be glad to answer all of them. Let's start with this year's ITCs, based on projects that have been announced. And we talked about this on previous calls, the projects in Utah, which are very large projects, will produce between $0.30 and $0.35 of earnings from ITCs. And that range is really based on whatever the actual capital cost might be at the end, so that's a good planning range. In addition, we have one other project that we anticipate ITCs on this year in Virginia. It's an Eastern Shore project contracted with Amazon, and we would expect ITCs in a range of probably $0.06 to $0.08 from that project. So that makes up 2016. 2017, I mentioned, if I recall on the January call, that for planning purposes, we had anticipated between $0.10 and $0.15 of ITCs in 2017 based on the activity that we knew of at that time. Since the first of the year, we've seen a tremendous amount of interest from a number of parties in Virginia, state government, military facilities, data centers and others, to step up the generation solar build in Virginia. And I would expect that that number for 2017 could easily double from that $0.10 to $0.15, and be in the $0.30 range, based on the activity we know of today. Now, we have not announced all the projects for 2017. But again, based on the pipeline of interest and the folks that we are discussing projects with, I would expect, again, ITCs in 2017 probably now to range in the $0.30 range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking all the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to discuss the power demand growth outlook in Virginia. Just wondered if you could give us your latest thinking. We've heard from you before in terms of your overall take. Just curious what you're seeing lately in terms of the outlook for power demand growth?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Stephen, this is Mark. Our view, as we've stated in the past, currently is about a 1% power demand growth rate to stay. If you look at the first half of this year, it's been less than that. It's actually slightly down to the previous period. But the mix is pretty interesting. For example, in the second quarter, although sales were down about 1% over a similar period last year, revenues were actually right at budget at about 1% higher. And that's because residential sales were very strong in the quarter. So, we still believe that 1% sales growth over the next couple of years is certainly in the realm of possibility and that's in our planning data. We would like to see stronger commercial sales growth outside of data centers. And we think that will again be driven by spending from the government, where it was curtailed during the sequestration and is starting to come back, but it's been slow. So we, again, believe that 1% growth is achievable and a realistic goal as we go forward.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And weather adjusted for the quarter. How did it turn out in terms of maybe for residential and commercial in particular?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: For the second quarter, weather normalized, residential sales were up 1.5%. Data centers were up almost 21%. Commercial customers, excluding the data centers, were down about 3%, and industrial customers were down about 9%. And that's a very large percentage of industrials, as you know, industrials make up a very small portion of our revenue streams. But they were down pretty strongly for the quarter.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning, fellas.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, when you talk about the demand for solar in Virginia, I mean, as I am thinking about the different business units, VEPCO gas operations, merchant power, should we assume that that – where will those projects reside? Will they reside at VEPCO or would they reside at another operating company?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Greg, it's likely to be a mix of both, depending upon who the customer is and what their interest is. If you – rather, we can get into a discussion of tax normalization if you'd like, but I think it might mind-numb everybody.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yes, please, let's not do that.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so we're not going to do anything that sort of affect our tax normalization at Virginia Power in a regulated business, it's a regulated part of the business unit. So if you do want to regulate an entity, you cannot take advantage of the tax credit, unless you do it through a market-based rate. Two of the projects that were approved earlier this year, the Commission preferred a regulated rate of return. So those will not get – we will not take advantage of the tax credits in that situation. The military, one that we announced this week at Oceana Naval Air Station and the Amazon projects underway on the Eastern Shore, are both going to be done through unregulated arms of the company. And we will be able to take advantage of the tax credits. So, we'll move through time. Mark mentioned, there has been a tremendous up-tick in interest in our customers in Virginia and elsewhere for us to participate in solar projects and customers that we deal within Virginia, but those same customers have been looking for us to deal with it elsewhere, because we have a reputation of getting projects done on time and on budget. So we have a lot in the pipeline right now. But it will be a mix, depending upon what the customers' needs are and where we are in the process.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Well, that's fortuitous, because obviously with uncertainty around where the Millstone revenues are going to be, that could be a good substitute if power prices don't recover. Is that fair?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll just say there's a lot of solar opportunity for us. So a lot of tax credit availability, to the extent we have an appetite for, next year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And when do you think we'll have some clarity around the timing of the financing plan for Questar? It doesn't sound like you're looking at any significant roadblocks to closing by year-end. Should we presume that the timing of the converts come around the time of close? Or will you be more opportunistic, like, for instance, NextEra, which is pre-funding the Oncor deal even though they're in a (30:20)?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Greg, this is Mark. We will be opportunistic on this. We have some Dominion debt to issue still and we have some converts issue still. And we will be utilizing the market for that here over the next several months. But there's a lot of interest in both, from what we hear from bondholders and investors, and we'll go to the market when we think the timing is right. We won't wait till it's much closer to Questar, if we think we can go earlier.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And my last question is, as of sort of your last investor presentation, the May deck, you're still pointing to a consistent earnings and dividend growth profile as outlined in your Analyst Day from a year-ago February. At what point, once we get through the rest of the year, see the Millstone hedges, get more visibility on solar, close Questar, are you going to be in a position to give us a fulsome update on the outlook?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Greg, it will come after we give 2017 guidance in January. We probably look to do that sometime early in 2017. We have two (31:48) make sure we're very comfortable with in. The first one is Cove Point, which is scheduled for late 2017. And obviously, that is a huge driver for us, 2018 and beyond. Project is going very well, but we'd like to get a little more construction done there. And then we also want to see that the forward curves move much based on, as we go into this winter, is 2017 going to move or is the whole curve going to move. So, again, timing wise, I'd look for first half of 2017 for a more detailed outlook.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you, guys. Take care.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. I actually wanted to follow up on that question. So, does it mean that when you guys provide your 2017 guidance, you're not going to give us an outlook for 2018 and beyond at the same time?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Angie, it's Mark. I don't right now anticipate unless the forward curves move significantly and we have hedged Millstone, that we will give any new update on 2018 and beyond when we give 2017 guidance in January.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And now, given what just happened in New York with the support for the upstate New York nuclear plant, do you feel like there's going to be a similar move potentially impacting Millstone?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The Connecticut legislature, Angie, as you know, the Senate unanimously passed piece of legislation that is supported by, Governor Malloy, and it came very late in the session, so the house didn't get to it. It's expected to come back in the session when they reconvene in the early part of 2017. It's a little bit different. New York is, as I understand, the New York (33:51) straight subsidy to the upstate New York nuclear facilities. Connecticut has taken a different approach which is to allow carbon-free production to bid into what has been set aside just for renewables for the local utilities. So, I think a very innovative approach and one that Millstone would participate in. And I think the last version of the legislation had up to half of Millstone would be eligible to participate, which would be a good anchor for that plant. So, yes, we expect to see more activity as we get into next year, when the legislatures come back to work.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: But it has no bearing on the hedging of the plants?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as Mark said, before we talk about 2018, before we look at 2018's hedges, we'll look at the forward curves, we will also see (34:58) legislation is, because we want to be able to participate in the auction, if Millstone becomes eligible.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And the last question, would you consider potentially selling the plant to an operator with a larger fleet of nuclear plant?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Angie, I think we've always – we said we'll consider selling most any asset, but I think that is highly unlikely in this situation. Millstone provides half of Connecticut's power. Connecticut has exactly zero chance of meeting its carbon goals if something were to take Millstone out of the energy mix in that state. It's a very good plant and it's got some economic challenges at the moment, but we're not anticipating any consideration of selling it.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just one other clarity...
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, Tom. One other clarity on the financing of Questar. So, the remaining financing was going to be converts and still DM dropdown. So, do you still plan to do some drops into DM later this year related to that?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, Steve, this is Mark. Yeah, the remaining – there's just a debt piece remaining as well. But what we said was we had about $2.4 billion of financing, which we plan to split between mandatory convertibles at Dominion and equity and other sources at DM. But as part of our bridge financing, we've taken out a term loan or will, I should say, take out a term loan, effective for 12 months at very attractive rates to us at close. So, it gives us a lot of flexibility at DM on when we drop those assets into DM, we don't need to drop the assets to support our distribution growth rate until latter part of 2017. So, we will be very opportunistic on DM and when we do that and we may well utilize the term loan for a period of time to bridge the financing.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I guess my other question, just too kind of fill in the discussion more on new solar, what would be – because obviously it'd be helpful to get the ITCs, and the other part of it is though you do have – you would have a lot more capital need, I assume. So could you give a sense to get to the $0.30 or double this, like how much more capital spend might that require?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: I don't have that number readily available, Steve. I will follow up with you on it though.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Chin with Bank of America.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just going back to Millstone, you've made it very clear that you have a particular point of view on where the forward curves could go. If we wanted to simply assume where the forward curves are at right now, then relative to the assumptions that are embedded in guidance, can you give us a sense of how different the guidance might be, just help us calibrate where things stand at the moment?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, we haven't given, Brian, specific guidance for 2017 yet. The only thing we've done is we gave directional opportunities in February or March of 2015, where we showed a potential growth rate long-term. What I would do if I was modeling this, I would go back to the end of 2014, see what the NEPOOL market price was then for 2017 and 2018 and 2019 and reference that to what the current strip is, if you wanted to see a range of potential impacts for that one asset alone. So, now again, that doesn't take into consideration other opportunities that have developed since our last Analyst Day. For example, capacity performance improvement that wasn't there before, and other solar opportunities that we've talked a lot about today. But for that one specific asset, I would look at the prices at the end of 2014 and reference that to whatever the market has today or whatever you believe the strip is going to be in January of next year.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. That's all I got. Thank you very much.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, couple of questions. When I look at your fourth quarter earnings build out – I apologize I wasn't on the whole of the call, so tell me if this was covered, but it looks like you have $0.08 coming out of O&M/Other. And when I look at the past second-half bridge you gave us last quarter, it was presented a little differently, but there were like $0.02 coming from restructuring-type efforts. So, is this just kind of a presentational thing or are you doing more on costs and just how to bridge those two numbers?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: There is a couple things here. I would say it's probably format, more than anything, Jonathan. But to give you little more color on that $0.08, there will be incremental cost control beyond the $0.02 of staffing savings that we referenced on the last call. We also would expect that Questar will close by the fourth quarter and we would see some potentially slight help from that. And we think we will have some financing savings as well as we move through the year, based on our current plans versus our previous ones.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So the plan has – you have got a little more aggressive on the plan, but there's also some presentation. Is that a fair summary?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: I think that's probably right. We're very focused on O&M. If you look at the first six months of this year, we were – versus the similar period last year, I think we were down about $0.06 on O&M. We're going to be down on O&M between now and the end of the year. And we're anticipating a recovery in weather, but we're a little weather short in the first six months versus norm. So we're very focused on that. And O&M is one of the levers that we're working on to try to offset some of these unforeseens.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just on Cove Point, you're obviously staying on time, on budget, et cetera. I notice that the percentage completion went up 3% this quarter, would seem to be just kind of a quite a lot less than it has done in several recent quarters. So, can you give us a sense of what the trajectory from 67% to completion over the next however many quarters it is?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, I'm not sure – you have to go back and check your reference. I don't (43:02).
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You were 64% in the first quarter, now you are 67%.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's plus 3%. The last three quarters has been like plus 11%, plus 9%, plus 8%. So it just seems as probably the nature of how it works, and I am curious how we get from – what's the timing from getting from 67% to 100%?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The plant, well, we're going to start commissioning middle of next year. So, you'll see that percentage continue to grow. You're in a part now Jonathan where you're doing this – you're laying the pipe racks and you're laying the conduits for the wiring and put the wiring in the big chunks of progress, the rapid chunks of progress, putting in the big pieces of equipment. That's all largely complete. So the concrete is all poured, for example. And the sound wall is finished. We don't have any hesitation that we're on time and on budget and we will be ready to come online late next year.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just wanted to go over maybe the revised outlook for Blue Racer, given the fact that NGL prices have moved in, propane and ethane are a little bit stronger. Has your CapEx timing changed in terms of bringing on processing plants and just your overall view of the wet gas Utica and opportunities there?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Neel, this is Mark. As we've said over the last 6 months to 9 months, Blue Racer, we should have had five processing plants online based on forecasts that we put out at our Analyst Day 18 months ago. We only have four online and they are almost all at full capacity. We have not seen a big step up based on current NGLs or oil in the basin. And we're being very cautious on Blue Racer to only invest capital when we have firm commitments from drillers. We have had some reach-out from producers and drillers here in the last several months inquiring about their interest in moving ahead in the last half of this year and first part of next year. But right now, I would say, we're in a cautious mode on Blue Racer. And I don't expect new processing to be put in this year and maybe not for the first half of next year.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then my second question on the farm-out agreements, are those typically lumpy or should we expect that they'll come on over a generally linear time period or are they going to come on in some sort of concentrated level and if you have some predictability around those earnings?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: They fall into the lumpy category. We've been constantly in negotiations. We have lots of different Utica fields. We have restructurings. We have a variety of activities going on and we are involved in multiple conversations even today.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And my last question, just on the quarter, in all three business segments, your operating expenses had come down. Is that a trend or is it kind of specific to this quarter?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: I think this quarter is probably larger, Neel, than you're going to see in the remaining part of the year as just a single number. But as I mentioned to a previous caller, that we're very focused on expenses and controlling expenses here to help us meet our guidance. And so, you will see expense savings between now and the end of the year versus original guidance and that is included in the reference on the slide where we think between O&M and other activities that we've highlighted, we will year-over-year be about $0.08 better in the last half of this year than we were last year.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Think you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 14:15:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given after the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor Statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome to First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our Earnings Release Kit. Schedules in the Earnings Release Kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our first quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are, dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the Earnings Release Kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the Earnings Release Kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell, our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the first quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2016. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activity and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.96 per share for the first quarter of 2016, landing in the middle of our guidance range of $0.90 to $1.05 per share. Earnings drivers were as expected, with the exception of slightly milder weather, which was $0.03 per share lower than normal. GAAP earnings were $0.88 per share for the first quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a charge relating to an organizational restructuring across our company made to improve the efficiency of our reporting structure. This one-time staffing charge will support lower labor expenses in the future. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule Two of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the first quarter was $385 million, which was in the lower half of its guidance range. Kilowatt-hour sales were modestly below expectations, primarily due to mild weather. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $610 million in the first quarter, which was in the middle of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses offset lower merchant margins and lower-than-expected kilowatt-hour sales at Virginia Power. First quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $377 million, which was within the upper half of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses were the principal driver of the strong results. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses and income taxes were in line with our expectations. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the first quarter of 2016, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $24.9 million, more than double the level produced in the first quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow increased 71% to $20.3 million, which was consistent with management's expectations. Because of our strong cash position, we elected to accelerate certain planned maintenance activities at Dominion Carolina Gas that led to higher expenses in the first quarter that will not appear in future periods. On April 19, Dominion Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $22.45 per unit payable on May 13. This distribution represents a 5.2% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. In the next few days, we are planning to file with the SEC for an at-the-market issuance program for up to $150 million in DM common units. As a reminder, we do not need to access the markets to fund Dominion Midstream's 2016 distribution growth. However, should we decide to utilize this program, it would improve the trading liquidity of DM units, something that many of our investors have asked us about. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion. Funds from operation were $1.1 billion for the first three months of the year. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $3.1 billion. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities and, taking into account cash and short-term investments, ended the quarter with liquidity of $2.6 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the Earnings Release Kit. Our public financing activities so far this year have included $750 million of senior notes at VEPCO and $550 million of junior subordinated notes which were remarketed at the Dominion Resources level. This remarketing was related to the conversion of common equity for the first tranche of mandatory convertible units issued in 2013. The remaining $550 million tranche will be remarketed later this quarter. In addition, we raised $750 million of common equity through a block sale in April. $500 million from that sale has been earmarked for the Questar acquisition, while the remainder was for general corporate financing needs. We have a number of debt financing planned for the remainder of the year, including issuances at Dominion, Dominion Gas Holdings, and VEPCO. In addition, you should expect us to issue incremental mandatory convertible units to support the Questar transaction, as we outlined on our year-end earnings call. Looking ahead to the second quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.65 per share to $0.75 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.73 per share for the second quarter of 2015. Positive earnings drivers for the quarter compared to last year are higher revenues from our growth projects, lower capacity expense and an increase in solar-related investment tax credits. Negative drivers for the quarter are a refueling outage at Millstone, a return to normal weather and share dilution. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.60 to $4 per share. Combining 2016 actual results for the first quarter with second quarter guidance produces year-to-date results that are $0.06 per share below last year's. Because of this shape to earnings, we want to highlight the earnings drivers in the second half of 2016 which will allow us to achieve our annual guidance range. Slide eight shows 2015's six months actual results of $1.72 per share and the $0.06 per share projected decline for the first half of this year, primarily due to last year's weather and this year's Millstone outage. However, we have some very significant growth drivers the last six months of this year. First, we expect a return to normal weather, which will allow us to pick up $0.09 to last year's results. If you recall, the weather in the fourth quarter of last year was extremely mild. We also will not have a Millstone refueling outage this fall, which picks up $0.07 for us. The combined benefits of higher capacity performance revenues and lower payments to non-utility generators add $0.16 per share to year-over-year results. The majority of the benefit comes from passive performance (9:48) payments based on last year's auction results and will begin this summer. Also, as we have said previously, we are constructing more solar projects this year, which produces an incremental $0.04 per share for the period. And, finally, our restructuring changes and normal growth produced $0.02 per share and $0.04 per share, respectively, of higher earnings for the six-month period. We hope this breakdown of our growth in the second half of this year provides clarity to achieving our 2016 guidance. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the Earnings Release Kit. As of mid-April, we were hedged 93% of our expected 2016 production at Millstone and 8% of our expected 2017 production. Regarding Millstone, I would like to point out that multiple New England states, including Connecticut, have been discussing longer-term RFPs aimed at maintaining fuel diversity and environmental benefits. I do not want to speculate on the outcome of these legislative discussions, but we would be an active participant in any future solicitations. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.96 per share for the first quarter of 2016, which was in the middle of our guidance range. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations and adjusted EBITDA was more than double to the level of last year's first quarter. And finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2016 is $0.65 to $0.75 per share and our operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.60 to $4 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued in the first quarter. Dominion was ranked number one in safety among electric utilities in the Southeast. OSHA recordables for each of our business units were roughly one-half the level recorded last year and last year had tied an all-time company record. In fact, excluding contract-related incidents, Dominion generation had zero OSHA recordables in the first quarter. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate very well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 96.2% for the first three months of the year. The contribution of the Warren County Power Station helped our regulated power Generation Group achieve record net generation during the first quarter. North Anna Unit 2 completed a 512-consecutive day run when it came offline in March for its scheduled refueling. This breaker-to-breaker run was a record for the unit. As Mark noted in our second quarter guidance, Millstone Unit 3 is currently in a planned refueling outage and is on plan to return to service this month. Now for an update on our growth plans. The 1,358-megawatt Brunswick County Power Station began commercial operations last week, completing a construction schedule that begin in August 2013 and was completed ahead of time and under budget. At the height of the construction, the Station had more than 1,500 workers on site. Brunswick Power Station is anticipated to have 43 employees and an annual payroll of about $7.5 million. In the first full year, the Station's operational fuel savings have been estimated to be nearly $100 million. Those fuel savings will continue over the life of the plant and the Station is expected to save consumers over $1 billion. Development and engineering continues on our next-generation construction project, the 1,588-megawatt Greensville County three-on-one combined-cycle Power Station. On March 29, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the CPCN and rate rider for the Greensville project. Major contracts have been executed, including the combustion turbine supply agreement with MH Power Systems and the EPC agreement with Fluor. These are the same organizations that just completed the Brunswick County Plant located about five miles away. We expect to receive the Air Permit from the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality by the end of this quarter. The $1.3 billion project is expected to achieve commercial operations in late 2018. Construction on our two large contracted solar projects, Four Brothers and Three Cedars in Utah, continues on time and on budget. Dominion is currently overseeing the construction and both projects are expected to be in service during the fall of this year. Construction of the 80-megawatt solar facility on Virginia's Eastern Shore also commenced during the first quarter and is expected to be complete in the fourth quarter of this year. The output from the Eastern Shore facility is under contract with Amazon. We are also working on a number of regulated solar projects within the State of Virginia. A hearing on the Application with Virginia State Corporation Commission for the construction of three solar facilities within the state was held in March and a ruling is expected by July 1. If approved, these facilities totaling 56 megawatts would be in service by late this year. Today we will be filing with the State Corporation Commission for a CPCN for a 20-megawatt solar facility at the site of our Remington Power Station. The output from the facility will be sold to the Commonwealth of Virginia and Renewable Energy Credits will be sold to Microsoft, who will retire them. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. Three of these were completed in the first quarter, including Phase 1 of the Loudoun-Pleasant View 500kV Rebuild. We expect to place approximately $650 million of new transmission assets into service this year. An Application for Phase 1 of our Strategic Underground Program was filed with the State Corporation Commission in December. The filing, which includes a cost-benefit analysis, covers 400 miles of distribution lines to be converted by August of this year at a cost of $140 million. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. Our Cove Point liquefaction project is approximately 64% complete and there are about 1,600 workers on site. Engineering is 99% complete and 98% of the engineered equipment has been procured. The project continues on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. We are continuing to work toward the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We made the formal FERC filings for these projects last September. In March, after extensive consultation with stakeholders, we provided information to FERC on a route alternative to address Agency and public input and to avoid more sensitive areas in the National Forests. Just this week, we received a Supplemental Notice of Intent to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement as modified to include the reroute. This is a very positive development and we are pleased with our progress at FERC. We anticipate getting a FERC Order to allow us to begin construction by mid-2017. Surveying and pipeline engineering is nearly complete and will be finished this year. Material procurement is now over 70% complete and we expect to finish the construction contracts this quarter. We have modified the sequence of construction with our contractors. As a result, the modest delay in permitting will not delay the completion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline or the Supply Header scheduled in late 2018. We had one pipeline project go on line in December in South Carolina, flowing 45,000 dekatherms per day, and Western Access 2 went online in January with 450,000 dekatherms per day capacity. We currently have an additional 11 pipeline growth projects underway with $1 billion of investment to move more than 1.5 million cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. The majority of these projects are demand-driven, moving gas to end-use power generation for local distribution companies. Turning to our farm-out activity. We have enjoyed significant success with our Marcellus and Utica acreage farm-out program, which began in 2013. Our current focus is on the portfolio of remaining Utica acreage packages and the prospect of restructuring of previously-completed transactions. While many producers are pulling back near-term drilling plans, there remains significant interest in several areas throughout our farm-out program. We are currently in discussions with multiple parties and expect to again realize significant value later this year. On March 31, Dominion filed its Base Rate Case for our North Carolina service territory, seeking approval of $51.1 million increase in Base Rate revenues based on a 10.5% return on equity. Most of the proposed increase is expected to be offset by reductions in the fuel factor and a two-year rider to refund excess deferred income taxes. Company has requested to implement the new rates on a temporary basis on November 1, with permanent rates to be in effect on January 1. Finally, I want to update you on our pending merger with Questar Corporation. Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance for the Questar transaction was received on February 22 and their shareholder vote is scheduled for May 12. Merger applications were filed with the Utah and Wyoming Public Service Commissions and notice was provided to the Idaho Commission. Technical conferences were completed last week and discovery is underway. The Utah hearing is scheduled for August 22 and the Wyoming hearing is scheduled for September 14. We expect to close the transaction later this year. So to summarize, our businesses delivered strong operating and exceptional safety performance in the first quarter. The Brunswick County Power Station is now complete and in service ahead of time and under budget. The Greensville County Project has been approved and site preparation is underway. We continue to work toward FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project. Construction on the Cove Point Liquefaction project is on-time and on-budget, and we are working towards a successful close from our combination with Questar Corporation later this year. Thank you, and we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Sir, you may begin.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: As you didn't talk about or reiterate your near-term or long-term earnings growth aspirations. Can I assume that they all remain in place? And then, if so, over the last three months, four months, have there been any major evolutions in things that would be going in or going out of the asset profile or the margin profile that have changed relative to what you thought three months, four months ago?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Greg, this is Mark. I would say nothing in the last three months or four months. We still have the same targeted growth levels that we've talked about historically. But I would say that over the last six months or eight months, that power prices in the Northeast have been weak. We think they will recover as we move into 2017. But that's probably the one variable that's out there that has gotten more negative over the last six months or eight months.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And can you give us any sense of timing on the rest of the financing activity for Questar?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: It'll all be done between now and close, except for the DM equity which I think I said on the last call that we have, as part of our bridge financing, taken out a one-year term loan that is effective at close for up to one year that gives us flexibility to access the DM marketplace when we want. But the rest of the financing will be completed between now and close.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. That's all for me, guys. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, a couple quick questions here. First, you kind of alluded to it already in the prepared remarks, but can you elaborate a little bit on Blue Racer opportunities? Where do you see that trending right now in terms of your quarter-over-quarter developments? Obviously, we've seen gas prices come back a little bit here. And then the second question related. What about Wexpro? Are there opportunities to reinvigorate that investment plan, either because of pricing improvements or, perhaps more importantly, because of developments on the land side or what have you?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, with respect to Blue Racer, Blue Racer continues along its plan. There haven't been any changes there. It's a very insignificant part of Dominion's earnings. But it's doing as anticipated and as we expected it to do this year and it's contributing as it should to the earnings profile. With respect to Wexpro, we're going to reserve all of our comments on what happens with Questar and on what our plans are with Questar until after their shareholders vote and we have a chance to further our dialogue with their management team.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then unrelated, if you can talk about the renewables opportunity. Obviously you guys are trying to scale that in Virginia. But given the extensions, how are you speaking about deploying further, especially solar, assets in 2017 and 2018 as you think about any potential pressures on your earnings growth because of commodity, et cetera?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're looking primarily in Virginia, both regulated and, as we discussed in the script, a couple of different quasi-regulated opportunities have arisen. Now, we're looking actively there. As you commented, we're much more interested in solar than we are in wind. Wind is not a good asset in the territories where we do business for producing power reliably. Solar is better and we are continuing to look at 2017 and 2018. So far with respect to all of our other growth projects, they're all on time and on budget or ahead of time and below budget. And we'll see how we go along through time and see if we're going to deploy any additional capital into renewable projects.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And last quick clarification. Next biennial review process, obviously you had the latest ROE outcome. When is the next time you could be called in?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: 2023.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: If you could, I'd like to understand the $0.16 CP, Capacity Performance, driver in the second half. Can you just remind us – I think we talked about this before, but does that persist into 2017, like through the first half of the performance year? And then does it also persist beyond the 2016, 2017 year?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Jonathan, this is Mark. Obviously, we had a huge pick up on the Capacity Performance Auction, which we think a lot of people probably overlooked in both 2016 and 2017. The 2016 number on just Capacity Performance will be higher than it is in 2017, but when you combine that with node rolloffs, it will be about the same year-over-year. And if you add on top of that the Millstone capacity in 2017 over 2016, we will actually have an increase in our total income associated with capacity from 2016 to 2017 when you combine those three together. But we were a very, very large beneficiary. And as you reference, year-over-year it's $0.16 for Capacity Performance. It's $0.14 in the last six months and there's about $0.02 worth of incremental rolloff of nodes in the last six months. That brings you to your $0.16 total.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So is there a roughly similar uplift in first half of 2017?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: On Capacity Performance specifically, the number is lower. But as I mentioned, if you combine all of our capacity resources, Millstone and node obligations, the number is actually higher.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. But then as you roll into the next capacity year? Sorry, I may have missed your answer here.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Remember how this capacity option works on PJM. You had to cover 60% of your load in the first year and I then think it was 70% of your load. So the opportunity on Capacity Performance will get smaller as you have to cover more of your load moving forward. So 2016 is the biggest year for that one single item and it starts to whittle down from there, but we're quite pleased with the result for us.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, Mark. And then you referenced – I think Tom mentioned at the end of his remarks there was a possible restructuring of one of the farm-out deals that you'd previously struck? Can you give a little more insight into what you're alluding to there, what form that might take?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We did one last year, Greg (29:06), and they could be a variety of different examples. Some of the cases, when we did the farm-outs, there were agreed-to drilling schedules. And, for example, if someone want to modify the drilling schedule, they would have to compensate us for that. So that's the kind of activity we're looking at. But the primary activity is in the traditional farm-out. We still have a lot of Utica acreage and we have a tremendous amount of interest in it.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, the restructuring would be a smaller item than hopefully entering into new ones?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: May or may not be. I wouldn't necessarily draw that conclusion, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Wanted to dig into the Connecticut legislation and just first perhaps try to understand the next steps involved and then we can discuss a little bit more about how that would exactly function. But just next steps, what should we be looking for there?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the legislation you're referring to was adopted in the Senate and it has not yet been adopted by the House. I believe Connecticut Legislature finishes their work today. But I think this is a part of a dialogue that's going on all through New England and that's going to continue, it's going on in Massachusetts, it's happening in Maine, it's happening in New Hampshire, on how to deal with the carbon rules and existing carbon-free generation, which Millstone obviously is the largest asset in New England. It provides half of Connecticut's power when both units are operating in its normal operations. And Connecticut has very little prospect of complying with carbon rules if Millstone were to shut down at some point. So I think the legislature, the political hierarchy in Connecticut is aware of that. We're following the legislation, obviously, closely. But I think it's part of an overall dialogue that will take place over the next few months in New England generally about how to protect these assets, of which I guess there are only two left that are still going to be running, Seabrook and Millstone, which is about twice the size of Seabrook.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. That's helpful. And in terms, is there a timeline in Connecticut through which we need to see either progress or resolution, i.e., is this fairly binary in terms of deadlines for passage or are there opportunities to hold, for example, I'm not sure, special sessions or you mentioned an ongoing dialogue? I'm trying to think through what milestones we should be looking for there.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's going to be an ongoing dialogue. They recessed or adjourned, whatever the right word is. They finished their work today.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And is it possible to have a special session or some other opportunity for passage at a later date, or when would the next opportunity be if it were to pass now?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There's certainly always a possibility for a special session in any legislative body. But I would expect it to continue over into the next regular session of the Connecticut Legislature.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi. Good morning. I guess...
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Tom. Just to follow up on that last question, date – when is the next Connecticut legislative session? Is there still another one this year?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, they reconvene in January.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: January. Okay. And do you expect any legislation to get done today, or you don't think it's going to get done today?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I've been in my job long enough to never speculate on what's going to happen in the legislature.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But I know the same conversation's going on in Massachusetts.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And is their session still last for a while?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yep, sure does.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Just to clarify, though, you mentioned looking at opportunities for long-term RFPs, fuel diversity, et cetera. So as the RFPs are currently structured, can you bid Millstone into any of them? Or is it all...
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Because I thought they only had to be new generation.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, it's renewables. As I understand the Connecticut legislation, it would be structured so that Millstone would be allowed to bid as a part of the non-carbon or renewable energy component to these RFPs components of these RFPs. It's quite...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: ...creative and, I think, appropriate. It is carbon-free and it's baseload, and they can't make their requirements without it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And just to clarify, this has to be done through legislation. It cannot be done through Commission actions and things like that?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just one question on the – and I apologize on the detail on this -- just on the Capacity Performance, so (34:47) to make sure I understand this. So your Virginia generation is getting Capacity Performance on all the generation. But in this year, you only have to buy out 60% Capacity Performance from your Utility. But as that 60% goes to 100%, then they'll match up and there won't be a benefit. But there's a benefit from that mismatch. Is that correct?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, Steve. This is Mark. That is almost correct. The assumption, though, that you get the benefit for all of your generation is probably not correct. Each company would have to make a decision on how much they wanted to bid in that generation against their Capacity Performance and hedge their risk for any units that might not perform. So, we made that analysis and based on the generation we bid in covering our load requirements at 60% in the first year, that excess is the benefit that I referenced.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And going back to the first question on your growth rates and targets and all that stuff. So you're reaffirming 2016, but in terms of the growth rates that you I guess re-mentioned when you announced the Questar deal, are those still good or are you wanting some of these pieces to come together before you reaffirm them? I just want to make sure I'm clear what you're communicating.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: They're still good.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, that was close. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good start to the year.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Two things. One, I notice you all took about a $70 million pre-tax charge related to severance. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on there and what your plans are company-wide in terms of O&M, what's embedded in guidance?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, Michael. This is Mark. The program that was referenced was really an effort across all the businesses and the corporate support areas to drive decision-making to a lower level, eliminate layers of management, increase management control and make the decision-making really more efficient by having those fewer layers. So that was the focus. We took a charge of about $70 million pre-tax. I think it's $43 million after-tax. And those labor costs will be recouped as the employees move on and so you'll see a full year's benefit in 2017 and a partial benefit in 2016. In terms of ongoing O&M, we're targeting a flat to CPI growth on O&M going forward. It will probably be different year-by-year and the only thing that would change on that of significance would be the outage period for Millstone, we might have two outages versus one in a given year. But I look for us and for you to model a flat to CPI growth on O&M going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And real quick, can you talk about what was weather-normalized power demand for Virginia Power in the quarter and how does that differ versus your expectation?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Sales weather-normalized for the quarter were down about a little over 1%. We have an annual expectation of a 1% positive sales growth for the year. We still feel pretty good about that. So that was a net for the first quarter. April seems solid and supporting the 1% growth. And we had actually pretty strong growth in all sectors but residential. I would add, as I always do on sales, is when you're coming and comparing to a very significant weather season, we had a very strong first quarter of 2015 on weather and a light 2016, and so the weather normalization process is not penny accurate. That's why we think 1% growth is still a good assumption for us. Also recall at 1% growth year-over-year, it only equates to about $0.04 a share or $0.05 a share for us.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Mark. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And I apologize, but Michael (39;52) to a certain degree. The ODI, it looks like there's a $0.02 benefit in the second half of this year. How should we think about that going forward? And in general, the expense – I'm sorry, the organizational design initiatives and how should we think about the expense associated with that, the one-time or do you think you might see more of that going forward? Or how should we think about those things?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Hey, Paul. This is Mark. No, I don't think you should think about additional programs going forward. We took a one-time charge, as we always do with a non-reoccurring event, and disclosed that. And we showed on a breakdown on Slide 8 that we would expect to see lower operating expenses in labor due to lower the staffing levels of about $0.02 this year for the last six months of the year. And I would expect to see probably $0.04 or $0.05 next year, which is supportive of the growth rate that we have out there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And that's it. Actually all the other questions were asked.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may now disconnect your line and enjoy your day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-01 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Today's call will cover this morning's announcement of Dominion's agreement to combine with Questar Corporation, as well as our earnings for 2015 and guidance for 2016. This combined call will replace the earnings call we had originally scheduled for this Thursday. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the investor relations page on our website, register for e-mail alerts and view our fourth quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are, dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this afternoon's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this afternoon are our Chairman and CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Tom will provide an overview of our agreement with Questar and the strategic rationale behind it. Mark will cover the combined company profile and our planned financing of the transaction. After that discussion, we will move on to our earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year 2015, plus Dominion's guidance for the first quarter and full year 2016 and progress on our growth plans. We will then take your questions. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. This morning Dominion Resources and Questar Corporation announced a definitive agreement to combine. Dominion will pay Questar's shareholder $25 per common share in cash plus the assumption of $1.6 billion in debt for total enterprise value of $6 billion. As soon the receipt of all required regulatory approvals, the companies expect to close the transaction by the end of this year. We are very excited about adding Questar to the Dominion portfolio company. This agreement is a combination of premium, integrated asset profiles and is well-aligned with Dominion's existing strategic focus and core energy infrastructure operations. These high-performing regulated assets will provide enhanced scale and diversification into constructive regulatory jurisdictions. Furthermore, the value to Dominion's investors from the transaction does not require a significant levering of our balance sheet. The permanent financing will feature an equity component from both Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners, and will be supportive of management's commitment to our existing credit ratings targets. Transaction is consistent with our announced growth strategy, specifically the acquisition and development of reasonably valued regulated MLP qualifying assets with stable, long-term cash profiles. And in addition, in the case of Questar, a fast-growing, regulated gas distribution company in states that have a strong pro-business environment. We think it is an ideal combination for both Dominion shareholders, Dominion Midstream unitholders, and Questar's shareholders and all of our employees. Questar has a long history of doing business with integrity and honesty, and a strong commitment to its employees and the communities they serve. It is a very well-managed company with strong commitment to safety, ethics and excellence, which are core values shared by the employees of Dominion. As part of the Dominion team, Questar's customers can also count on a continuation of the high quality service they have enjoyed. Questar's operations feature an excellent business risk profile. Margins at its gas utility have been de-risked through constructive regulation, including revenue decoupling, weather normalization, an infrastructure replacement rider and gas cost pass-through, elements that we also share at Dominion East Ohio. Its pipeline operations feature long-term contracts with creditworthy counterparties. Its regulated gas supply business has operated under Commission-approved cost-of-service model for 35 years. Utah is one of the fastest growing states in the country, and is annually ranked among the best states in which to do business. We have already committed approximately $1 billion in solar projects in Utah, which are under long-term contracts to electric utilities. Questar provides enhanced geographic diversity to Dominion's natural gas operations. This is illustrated with a system map shown on slide eight. While our Dominion transmission system is known as the Hub of the Mid-Atlantic, the Questar system is called the Hub of the Rockies, and a principal source of gas supply to the Western states. We believe the value of the system will increase over time, as illustrated on slide nine. As Utah and the surrounding Western states seek to comply with the requirements of the EPA's Clean Power Plan, as well as meet state-mandated renewable portfolio standards, compliance is highly likely to result in an increased reliance on low-emission gas-fired generation. The transaction also provides significant benefits to Dominion's investors. It will be immediately accretive to earnings per share with limited impact on our balance sheet. It provides a significant addition to Dominion's inventory of top-quality, low-risk MLP eligible assets. We intend to finance a portion of the acquisition through a contribution of Questar Pipeline to Dominion Midstream Partners, taking advantage of the MLP's lower cost of capital, and diversifying our equity funding sources. DM investors will benefit significantly, as the acquisition will add over $425 million of EBITDA to Dominion's already extensive inventory of high-quality, MLP-eligible regulated assets. We're very excited about this morning's announcement. I will be back in a few minutes to update you on our growth plans and take your questions but now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, and good afternoon. For those of you not familiar with Questar Corporation, we have summarized their business profile on slide 13. Questar is a regulated Rockies-based integrated natural gas company headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. Its operations consist of three primary business segments: Questar Gas is a regulated local distribution company serving about 1 million customers in Utah, Wyoming and Idaho. Customer growth has averaged 2.5%, which is well above industry averages. Authorized ROEs are 9.5% to 9.85% on a $1.1 billion rate base, with a 52% equity component. Questar Pipeline is a FERC-regulated transportation and storage system strategically located to deliver gas to the Western region of the country. Its operating assets consist of 2,700 miles of pipeline and 56 billion cubic feet of storage capacity operating under long-term fixed-fee contracts with creditworthy counterparties. Authorized ROEs range from 11.4% to 13% and rate base is about $950 million. Their Regulated Gas Supply business has been operating under a regulated cost-of-service plus return model for 35 years. Its $600 million rate base is 100% equity capitalized, with a 2015 average realized return of 17%. Both the Pipeline Systems and the Regulated Gas Supply business are MLP eligible. Slide 14 shows the pro forma business profile of the combined companies Regulated Gas Infrastructure businesses. The acquisition increases our LDC rate base by nearly half and the number of customers by more than 75%. It increases our pipeline rate base by approximately 25%, and our pipeline network by one-third. The impact on Dominion's EBITDA mix is shown on slide 15. While remaining roughly 90% regulated, the Questar acquisition improves the balance between electric and gas operations. Questar Corporation will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Resources. Upon completion of the acquisition around the first of next year. Questar Pipeline will be contributing to Dominion Midstream Partners probably in two steps. Slide 16 updates our planned drop schedule for DM from last year's analyst meeting. The first contribution of Questar Pipeline will provide sufficient coverage for Dominion Midstream to meet its 2017 distribution growth targets, which remain at 22% per year. The second drop will improve the remaining investment in Questar Pipeline, which along with a small portion of the Cove Point asset will fulfill our distribution growth for 2018. Any future drop of regulated gas supply assets will only be done in consultation with State regulators. This will allow Dominion to keep its investment in the Blue Racer joint venture at the parent till 2020 or later, enhancing its value and the future contribution due to its strong organic growth, and reduce the Cove Point EBITDA drop into DM in 2018 while maintaining our 22% distribution growth. Questar Pipeline business is a perfect match with the stable, long-term regulated cash flow profile of Dominion Midstream Partners. Slide 17 highlights our financing plan and the impact of Questar on our expected EPS growth rate. Value to Dominion from this acquisition does not depend on any significant levering of our balance sheet. We intend to prudently finance this transaction in line with our previously stated credit rating targets, using a combination of equity, mandatory convertibles, and debt at Dominion, in addition to equity at Dominion Midstream to finance the drop of the Pipeline business. As a reminder, we still do not need or do not plan to need any equity at Dominion Midstream in 2016. The acquisition is immediately accretive to Dominion's earnings per share and will support a 2017 growth target, while allowing us to achieve or even exceed the top end of our growth target for 2018. As Tom Farrell mentioned earlier, we are excited about this transaction, the value it creates for our Dominion shareholders and Dominion Midstream unitholders, and the opportunity it provides to continue to grow our gas infrastructure business. We will take your questions in a few minutes, but first, I want to review our results for 2015 and our earnings guidance for 2016. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.70 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015, which was below our guidance range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. Extremely mild weather in December, the timing of a planned farmout restructuring, and a higher-than-expected effective tax rate due to bonus depreciation were the primary factors driving earnings below the range. While we have discussed our sensitivity to weather in prior calls, never had this the kind of impact that we saw in December. Slide 20 shows the cumulative temperature deviation from normal for each December over the last 50 years. The value for December 2015 is highlighted in red in the upper right-hand corner. Not only was this the warmest December in the last 50 years, it was nearly twice this warm as the previous record experienced in 1984. Our analysis indicates that warm temperatures accounted for $0.08 to $0.10 per share during the fourth quarter. Bonus depreciation will be a significant positive to our long-term cash position, but unfortunately, since the new law was retroactive back to January 1, it did not allow us to take $0.03 per share primarily from tax deductions anticipated in fourth quarter guidance. And finally, although we did not complete the planned farmout restructuring last quarter, we do anticipate completing a new farmout opportunity during calendar year 2016. The earnings shortfall in the fourth quarter also follows full year 2015 operating earnings per share to be below our guidance range of $3.50 to $3.85 per share. GAAP earnings were $3.20 for the year. The principle differences between GAAP and operating earnings were charges associated with the Virginia legislation enacted in February that required a write-off of Virginia Power prior period deferred fuel costs and charges associated with future ash pond closures. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. For the fourth quarter of 2015 Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $23.6 million and distributable cash flow of $24.7 million, all consistent with management's expectations. On January 21, Dominion Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $0.2135 per unit payable on February 15 to unitholders of record on February 5. This distribution represents a 7% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $4.5 billion in 2015. Net commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the year were $3.1 billion. We had $4.5 billion of credit facilities at the time, taking into account cash and short-term investments ended the year with liquidity of $1.4 billion. In January we have increased our primary credit facility by $1 billion, taking our total credit lines to $5.5 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 13 and 24 of the earnings release kit. As I mentioned earlier, an extension of bonus depreciation was included in the recent federal spending authorization. Dominion expects to be a significant cash beneficiary of bonus depreciations because of our large capital program. We anticipate a $2.5 billion cash flow benefit over the next several years. And wrapping up our financing update, I would like to remind everyone that Dominion's Board of Directors authorized an 8.1% dividend increase in December for 2016. The new annual rate is $2.80 per share. Now, for earnings guidance for 2016. Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $3.60 to $4.00 per share for 2016. The midpoint of this range is 10% above the $3.44 earned in 2015. Positive drivers for this increase are revenues from our growth projects, lower capacity expenses, higher capacity performance revenues and investment tax credits from our solar facilities. Offsetting factors include higher DD&A expenses, interest costs and sheer dilution from the conversion of the mandatory convertible units. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of 2016 is $0.90 to $1.05 per share, compared to $0.99 per share for the first quarter of 2015. The midpoint of this range represents a 5% increase over the weather normalized $0.93 for the first quarter of 2015. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 26 of the earnings release kit. As of mid-January, we have hedged 91% of our expected 2016 production at Millstone, and 6% our expected 2017 production. I will now turn the call back to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Before we take your questions, I want to provide a quick update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,358-megawatt combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County was about 96% complete at year-end. There are around 450 workers on site. All major equipment has been installed and all three combustion turbines were successfully fired on natural gas during December. The facility is on time and on budget, with an expected mid-2016 commercial operation date. The hearing on our request for CPCN and rate rider for the proposed 1,588-megawatt Greensville County project was held on January 12. A decision from the State Corporation Commission is expected in April. The three-on-one combined-cycle facility is expected to achieve commercial operation in December 2018. We continue to execute on our merchant solar strategy. Dominion completed eight projects in 2014, totaling 171 megawatts in California, Utah and Georgia. Our projects for 2016 include 530 megawatts from two joint ventures located in Utah. These projects are under long-term PPAs and are expected to be in service in the third quarter. In November Dominion acquired an 80-megawatt project to be constructed on Virginia's Eastern shore, supported by a PPA with Amazon and scheduled for operations in the fourth quarter of this year. In December and January, Dominion closed on our agreement for the sale of a 33% interest in 425 megawatts of our solar portfolio to SunEdison for approximately $300 million. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the fourth quarter, $398 million of transmission assets were placed into service, bringing the full year total to a record $1 billion. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. We are continuing to work for the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We made formal FERC filings for these projects in September. Surveying and pipeline engineering is now over 90% complete. We've also contracted for about 70% of the project materials. We plan to begin construction on both projects in the fourth quarter of this year and begin operations in November 2018. Now an update on our Cove Point liquefaction project. Overall, the project is approximately 56% complete as of yearend and there are about 1,600 workers on site. Engineering is 97% complete and all 34 of the construction packages have been approved by FERC. The project continues to be on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. We also have 13 energy growth projects underway with $1.2 billion of investment to move more than 2 billion cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. The Edgemoor project in South Carolina was placed into service in December and Western Access II project was placed into service in January. In the fourth quarter, we received FERC approval for four pipeline expansion projects planned to be in service later this year or early next. So to summarize, we are very excited about our combination with Questar Corporation. It will be a premium, quality addition to Dominion and Dominion Midstream's portfolio. The combination provides geographic diversification to our natural gas operation and provides opportunities for future expansion. The transaction is consistent with Dominion and Dominion Midstream's strategic focus on regulated energy infrastructure businesses with MLP qualifying assets. The transaction is immediately accretive to Dominion's earnings and provides the substantial addition to our inventory of MLP-eligible operations. Thank you. And we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just first off on the funding for Questar, can you give a little more breakdown of how you guys expect the differences between corporate debt, Dominion equity, the converts and DM equity to be broken down?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Dan. This is Mark. Let me go ahead and outline it further. We didn't have a slide on it but I think that's important question. We appreciate you asking it. This is how we view this currently, again, market conditions could change, but we expect to issue about $1.5 billion of incremental DRI debt to support the transaction. We also anticipate issuing about $0.5 billion of Dominion equity. We'll do that either through a dribble or a block trade sometime between now and when we anticipate a closing on the transaction. And then the remainder of the takeout will be a combination of mandatory convertibles at Dominion, which has been a very popular financing vehicle for us with investors, and a drop into DM to support the 2017 EBITDA growth and distribution growth from a portion of the pipeline. We have a bridge facility for all the financing. As part of that bridge facility, we have a term loan commitment that extends well beyond closing that gives us significant flexibility for the MLP and when we might drop that. Right now, we said in script that we have no plans and no need to have a drop into DM in 2016. And the equity that we would use from the pipeline drop in 2017 is consistent with what we've said would be the EBITDA drop all the way back to February for the distribution growth to go 22% in 2017. So again, $1.5 billion or so DRI debt, a $0.5 billion DRI equity, and then the remainder a combination of mandatory convertibles at Dominion and MLP drop proceeds.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And I guess, if you think about the size, if it was an even split on the residual value for the non-DRI equity and debt, that $1 billion-plus of DM equity is pretty significant. How do you guys think about funding for that and the visibility of that raise given the relative size of DM today?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, again, I would not jump to the assumption, this is an even split. We'll have to see what the market opportunities are for both those instruments out there as we get closer. But I will tell you, Dan, that the DM currency that we IPO'ed last – a year ago October, I guess, is we had out there for about a year-and-a-half. We're actually buying a few shares back, as we disclosed earlier. There's little liquidity in the stock, and our large holders have told us they really want to see more liquidity. We are very confident that when we decide to come to market to support the 2017 drop that we can either do that in a private placement based on what we've been told by our holders, or in overnight transaction. So we're quite confident we can place (26:58) to drop, and as we get closer, we'll determine what size of mandatory convertible versus what size of MLP drop proceeds will be needed to fund the transaction. Keep in mind, again though, we have a term loan commitment well beyond closing that gives us tremendous flexibility on when we would make a DM drop in 2017.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Just one last question. If we actually look at the full-year results for 2015 and we look at the guidance for 2016, when I compare midpoint of 2015 to midpoint of 2016 guidance range, it looks like more like a 3% year-on-year earnings growth. Can you just maybe dissect a little bit of why that number, the midpoint number is lower on a growth rate basis midpoint-to-midpoint for 2016 than maybe would have anticipated before?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Dan, we're still targeting a 5% growth rate year-over-year. We're not as quite as fine-tuned as you are and others on midpoint-to-midpoint. What we try to do is give a range out there that guides to somewhere in the middle of the range. We use $0.05 increments, as you know. So as we look at $3.80 to $3.90 range, we think that's right in the 5% increase weather-normalized year-over-year, and as we get through the year, we will see if we can refine that range for you.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on the deal.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So I just want to be clear that when you said, you thought that this transaction was supportive of your EPS growth aspirations, and would get you towards the high-end of your growth aspiration by 2018, were referring to the 5% to 6% growth target through 2017 accelerating to 7% to 9% thereafter that you gave at Analyst Day in February. Is that right?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, that is right, Greg. We haven't given any specific number for 2018 in terms of percent growth. So right now I think the best data point is the 7% to 9%. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that with this acquisition and the Cove Point full year contribution, we would expect to be at the top of that range or potentially exceed it.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: All right. Great. And in the underlying sort of pro forma expectations for Questar, I know you just discussed the financing assumptions. Should we assume that you're basing your business – your base business case for Questar is based on their most recent public disclosures if you go back to their November analyst deck there, they have like $1.2 billion and the utility rate base growing 6% to 8% a year. They expect to earn their authorized return. They gave some details around the expected growth in infrastructure and returns on the FERC regulated transmission administering assets and a lot of detail around Wexpro. If we want to build our own forecast and merge it with yours, is that a fair place to start, or are there any significant changes or synergies that you're baking into those assumptions?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think on the distribution side we're very comfortable with that at 8%-plus growth. The pipeline, although it may – as you build your model, our view on the pipeline is, that is an asset that is significantly undervalued. And as Tom reviewed the slides today, the opportunities mid-term and long-term on a business due to the increased gas needs in the west to deal with carbon rules and renewable mandates, we think that number will grow more significantly over time. And on the Wexpro gas supply side, we are taking a view on that business that we are only going to invest in capital that has been regulatory approved in the state. We view that as a gas reserve business similar to what many other companies are trying to get in their rate base, which they've had for 35 years. So we see that business as they've outlined it is (31:15) over the next several years unless markets were to change, and the growth in the distribution pipeline business picking up.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Greg, I would just add a thought about the pipelines that Mark mentioned with respect to coal. We spend a lot of time, as you know, at Dominion analyzing the Clean Power Plan, its impacts across the country, how important gas infrastructure is going to be, the compliance with Clean Power Plan. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is the key component of that in Virginia, North Carolina for now. And there is – Wyoming and Utah both are almost 80% coal-fired generation, provide electricity for their citizens. So I think there's a lot to look at in that region over the next decade.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. Switching back to the core, talking about the core business and the earnings guidance for 2016, there is a fairly large contribution I think coming from the success you've had building out your utility scale solar business. I mean, do you have visibility into 2017 on the solar business, or should we be expecting that that contribution is significantly smaller but more than compensated for by the accretion from core business investments plus the Questar deal?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Greg, it's going to be considerably smaller than 2016. When we announced this deal we said it's a quarter of our 2017 growth rate, and because of that it will allow us to not rely as much on ITCs in 2017. For planning purposes, and this will be fine tuned, throughout the rest of this year into next year, but I would expect something in the $0.10 to $0.15 range in ITCs for 2017 which is a dramatic increase from 2016.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: All right. Thank you, guys. Congrats again.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. On that same question, what were 2015 actual ITCs, and then what's your projected 2016 ITCs in your forecast?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Steve, 2015 earnings per share basis were about $0.24, and for 2016 they're going to be between $0.30 and $0.35.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And stepping back, Tom, you have generally kind of not wanted to talk about utility M&A so to speak, you focus very much on DM. Now, that you are doing a transaction that's more utility-ish, maybe you could give us a little bit more of your strategic thinking on utility M&A, why are you even doing it at all given you've got very good utility to begin with? And also just, should we view this as more kind of like an opportunistic thing or something that you plan to kind of continue to want to pursue strategically?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Steve, thanks for the question. I guess, I don't view it as being a utility-ish combination. What we've said since our investor conference in February that we will be actively looking for assets to add to our MLP. And we have been doing that, as you know, we added portion of the Iroquois pipeline to our portfolio. We added the Carolina Gas Transmission system. We were particularly attracted to Questar's assets, largely because of the pipeline. We're perfectly happy with the LDC, which is one of the fastest growing LDCs in the country. Utah has often been ranked as the number one state in which to do business, and Questar Gas is a fast-growing LDC. And it has very similar attributes to East Ohio Gas. But it was the MLP-eligible assets that particularly caught our attention. And after we took a hard look at the region's Clean Power Plan goals, or targets, that the EPA has imposed. So this was a pipeline that's going to have a lot of growth opportunities and a very well-run, active-in-the-community, safety-conscious workforce at the LDC. So we're not looking all over the place trying to buy anything. We're looking for, as we said from the beginning, MLP-eligible assets. This takes care of – we don't need anything – we have with this – 2016 is already taken care of. This takes care of 2017, part of 2018. Blue Racer, if it's dropped, will be in the 2020s sometime. So Dominion Midstream Partners has now available to it a long, long runway of contracted long-term gas infrastructure assets with zero commodity risk in them. So I think it's a tremendous acquisition, also for the purpose of Dominion Midstream Partners, or unitholders. So all in all, I wouldn't necessarily view it as, like, we decided we were going to get interested in utility M&As. In fact, it's the same things that we have said since February.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And even with all the distress in midstream, it's still, there's still more to find in owning – doing this more through someone that's got a mix of utility midstream and not buying into direct midstream companies or assets?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We found this when we think this is an outstanding acquisition for both, or combination for both Dominion and Dominion Midstream Partners. A lot of – as you know, there's a lot of distress, as you put it, in the midstream areas. This is a company that's distressed. It's very well run, and what we like particularly about it is the nature of the assets, long-term contracted.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then the rating agencies – basically given your financing plan, have you gotten kind of confirmation of your ratings based on this, no changes?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think that you should expect the agencies – well, first of all, Steve, we met with agencies well ahead of the announcement to walk them through the plans and the metrics that this combination produce. And I expect both of them to come out very shortly with an opinion. I don't want to get out in front of them on that but we had very good discussions with them, and they clearly understand where we're going and the value of this transaction for us.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Congratulations.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just a couple of questions from the DM side. I was wondering, would it be fair to think about this transaction as far as extending the runway of drops as opposed to trying to increase the load of drops in the near term, and how does it impact the equity funding plans for DM? It seems like there's still no equity in 2016, and your 2017 plans largely haven't been changed. Is that a fair way to think about things, because investors are concerned about capital market access and all of that, so just trying to help, just trying to think through these different topics.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Thanks for that question. I think the way you look at it is exactly right. We do not have any equity needs for DM to support our distribution growth rate in 2016. And the Questar pipeline asset essentially will just replace a Blue Racer drop that we had already anticipated in 2017. And we will keep Blue Racer in reserve, so to speak, until 2020 or beyond. So it really doesn't change the DM plan in terms of equity needs going forward, and in the near term we are out of the market. And as I mentioned earlier, the structure of our bridge financing with the term loan at the close gives us a lot of flexibility to enter a midstream market at the most opportune time to support that distribution growth in 2017.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's really helpful. And just wondering, as far as this transaction is concerned, it's geographically a bit different than where DM's other assets are. Can you help us think through the gives and takes of geographical diversification versus attractiveness of the assets, or any thoughts there would be helpful.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We said actually, people have asked us, we said all along that we were going to be looking for MLP-eligible assets. People would ask very logical questions. Does it need to be in your – are you looking for things that are geographically proximate? The answer was yes, but that it's preferred, but not required. That is the answer we've given since we started talking about this a year ago. What's particularly interesting about Questar, in addition to the culture of the company, which very closely matches our own, is the hub concept. Dominion, our transmission system is the hub of the Mid-Atlantic. Almost every – well, every pipeline that comes into the Northeast hits our system somewhere. We move gas from the west, from the south, from Canada. All of it had mixes through our system, and then is redeployed to the east through our system and other systems. Questar Pipeline provides that same service for the Northwest United States, and a large chunk of California. Almost a third of the gas of Western states goes through this pipeline system. So we're familiar with hubs. We see tremendous value in the hub system. And we think there's a lot of opportunity for growth through what will become, we hope soon, Dominion-Questar.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's really helpful. And then just one last one if I could, as far as Southern Trails, if you're able to touch on what that opportunity could mean for you?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we're going to have to leave Southern Trails to our colleagues at Questar.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brian Chin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning...
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ... or good afternoon. I guess on the bonus D&A question which affected your tax credits in 4Q, is that a reversible item that will come back in 2016, or is that opportunity of $0.03 now gone?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's gone for the foreseeable future, Brian. That was mainly around some manufacturing deductions. There were few other items, but they were mainly around manufacturing. And so until we become a taxpayer again, that is lost. And we don't expect to be a taxpayer for some time with the cash benefit I referenced earlier from bonus depreciation.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Secondly, can you also comment, what is the size of the term loan that you referenced with regards to that bridge financing for Questar?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Brian, we're not going to disclose that right now. But I will tell you it's sizable and it gives us a lot of flexibility on equity drops, more than enough to cover whatever we might be planning.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then last one for me, to what extent is the high-end comment for growth EPS in 2018 and accretive activity in 2017, to what extent is that dependent on DM capital market to access? So stated another way, could you still hit the mid-point of your prior 2017 and 2018 growth targets, if you didn't have, in a worst case scenario, Dominion Midstream capital market to access?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think for 2017 and 2018 it's not contingent much at all on those capital markets. I think we're comfortable that with the other drivers that we have we can meet the targets that we have out there. And again, the main drivers, as you know, is the Cove Point coming online, on time, and on schedule, and on budget, and then the closing of this transaction. So I think we feel in good shape no matter if DM markets are open or not.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Brian. Operation: Thank you. Our next question will come from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys. On the Questar deal, as you've talked about, you clearly didn't need to do it. So what I'm trying to understand is the premium that you've paid for the deal, let's say close to $1 billion, what are the changes relative to Questar's standalone plan, or in terms of synergies, what are the synergies that you're going to extract relative to the standalone plan that helps support a bridge to the $1 billion of premium?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The transaction is – the premium, I think, particularly, we'll leave it up to you all to compare it to other transactions that have happened in the last year or so. I think it has compared very favorably with those. This transaction though is not – accretion does not come from synergies. It comes from the ability to use Dominion Midstream Partners' equity instruments, along with Dominion's equity instruments. I think that's important for the analyst community to understand and shareholders, that it's the availability of those tools, and the growth that we see and that we can help enhance at Questar over the next few years. So there is a lot of opportunities there that we think, when in combination, we can be additive.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I got you. And then in terms of taxes, is there a tax saving that you can benefit from for the Questar assets that effectively are MLP-able for the part that is obviously owned by the unit holders; is there effectively a cash tax saving that you can get by dropping them down into the MLP?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, there is not.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Relative to Questar's standalone plan, there is no benefit in cash tax?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, that's correct.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I had just two clarification questions. When we think about the EPS growth that you're guiding us to, would you mind just clarifying, is that off of a base that's the original 2015 guidance, or is that more like 5% to 6% off of the new 2016 guidance? I just want to kind of level set where we are.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: What year are we talking about, Stephen?
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, I'm trying to project out earnings growth into 2017 and beyond.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The 2017 number is off of the 2016 range that we provided. And it's consistent with what we've said previously in the 5% to 6% range.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So it's 5% to 6% off of the new 2016 base that you provided here today. Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's right.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Okay. Great. And then just more mechanics around financing of the acquisition from the Dominion Midstream, and missed – sorry if this is obvious or been discussed in some way that I just missed. But when you think about this, it's a large amount of assets eligible for Dominion Midstream and it's a significant amount of capital. Should I be thinking about that as a usage of – a financing of Dominion Midstream prior to or at closing of the overall transaction, or would this be more over time those assets would go down to Dominion Midstream?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, that's a good question. If we weren't clear on it, I really – I'm glad you asked that. All we're focused on in terms of MLP qualifying assets out of Questar is the pipeline. We have targeted the pipeline to be dropped over two years, which just replaces existing Dominion assets that were targeted to be dropped, specifically Blue Racer. The gas supply Wexpro-eligible EBITDA, we do not plan on dropping into DM any time soon. It will be held in reserve at D. And again, with the pipeline asset at Questar, that will get us through 2017 and with a small contribution of Cove Point and the rest of the pipeline, it will get us through 2018. And then Cove Point and the EBITDA available from that asset that's left will get us through 2019 and into 2020. And then we have ACP and Blue Racer to grow on next as we move into the next decade.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. That's very clear. That's all I had. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Hi, everyone. Can you just maybe just touch on real quick the Wexpro agreement? Any risks that you see there? And then there's some opportunities to grow under Wexpro too. Are those sort of under review now?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the Wexpro agreement, as you know, there's been a form of Wexpro agreement with Utah, Wyoming and Idaho Commissions for 35 years. And they just very recently did a settlement of Wexpro II, as you know, it's got a different structure to it. It has a lower ROE in it, although you can, depending upon what's going on in the markets, you can return to that ROE. Frankly, we're going to watch and see what happens with Wexpro. The core here for us is making sure we provide good service, reliable service to the folks in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming that are part of this system, that Wexpro has provided tremendous benefits to those customers over many years. We don't see any risk, to answer your question, around the regulatory treatment of Wexpro. And the gas production business, the gas supply business, that's how we view it, we're not going to be going off into the E&P business. We'll maintain – it's our view the Wexpro business needs to be maintained for the benefit of the customers of Questar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. That's helpful. And just lastly, post-merger, do you see any segments that could be potentially opportunities to strategically divest that maybe it's non-core?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. So when I look out to 2017, what has changed, because you're saying that you can maintain your earnings growth projections in 2017, even though that transaction is accretive. So what the offset in your original business plan?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there are a number of moving parts, Angie. One is, that the Blue Racer contribution is lower than what we had previously talked about. Second, that we knew in 2016 that we had a fairly large solar ITC number. And we haven't really determined what we were going to do with 2017 because the tax credit was going to go right away. So that – we're looking at other drivers to help that. Third is that, because of the capacity performance assumption if we have at the end of 2016 versus 2017, the number is better for us in 2016 than it is 2017 in the original assumption. And then there is a few other items that drove us on the downside there. But it wasn't anything – one single thing that was really large. It was just a lot of assumptions that we made for the February meeting that market conditions have challenged that. And so this offer a good opportunity to kind of make sure we could stay on track.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And the Blue Racer's contributions are lower even though you're delaying the dropdown into DM. So...
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Blue Racer's contributions were lower really just based on -we had slowed Blue Racer down and limited the capital investments in that. The biggest driver was that we were going to have five processing plants online in 2015. We only have four right now. And we have the other one on hold until market conditions improve for 2016. We had expected a full year's contribution from that extra processing plant. We're still very bullish on Blue Racer over time. It will have very good year-over-year growth, but not as good growth as we show in the February Analyst Meeting.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Awesome. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just very quickly, I know that synergies aren't, if I understand correctly, what's driving the merger. But I would think at least on the corporate side, or at least the pipeline operations or stuff (54:24) that there'd be some. Do you guys have any numbers that you want to share with us in terms of what potential synergies there might be?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There will be synergies of course, Paul, you're quite right. But my point was, that's not what drives the transaction. It doesn't drive the accretion of the transaction. And we don't have anything to disclose on that today.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That's fine. And then in terms of purchase accounting, I would assume because these are regulated assets there probably isn't much in the way of write ups or anything at the actual assets or contracts or anything. Am I wrong about that? Are there any significant write-ups that might impact EPS going forward?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, you're exactly right. These are all regulated assets. So we don't expect any purchase accounting impacts at all.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just two quick ones. On the farm-outs, are you guys still comfortable with the projection of $450 million to $500 million that you guys had before on the farm-out projection?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we're...
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Excuse me, we're very comfortable with that, Paul. I mean, and when we talked about that range, our only challenge to that range was when would it exactly happen? And some have happened quicker in 2015 in some areas that we write to and some are slower. Some folks have signed up and now they want to restructure to get more flexibility. So we said that was over five years, very comfortable with that. And we do have an assumption in for 2016 which we think is very manageable. So overall, we like it. I just can't tell you exactly year-on-year how it's going to fold. But it's going to be over the five-year period in the range that we discussed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Fine. And then coal ash, are we finished with that, do you think, in terms of the impairments we've seen associated with that?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We have our best estimate out there currently. It's an evolving field. I think we have the permits necessary that we need now to deal with a number of these ash ponds (56:27) with authorities. So I think that the best estimate we have at this point, could be tweaked, possibly, I don't think it will change a lot.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, and congratulations.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this afternoon's teleconference. You may disconnect your line and enjoy your day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Energy Infrastructure Group and President, Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas E. Hamlin - Vice President, Financial Planning and Investor Relations: Good morning. Welcome to the third quarter 2015 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings releases and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including the most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss the measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO Tom Farrell, our CFO Mark McGettrick and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the third quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full-year 2015. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we've made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $1.03 per share for the third quarter of 2015, which was in the middle of our guidance range of $0.95 to $1.10 per share. Lower operating expenses and high margins from our merchant generated plants accounted for the slightly better than expected performance. GAAP earnings were $1 per share for the third quarter. The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings were out of the period tax-related items for our electric operations. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the third quarter was $388 million, which was just below its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were modestly below expectations. Excluding weather, year-to-date sales growth was about 1%, which is consistent with our expectations for the year. A delay in commission approval of our strategic undergrounding program also impacted EBITDA for the quarter. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $796 million in the third quarter, which was in the upper half of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses and higher merchant generation margins were contributing factors to the strong results. Third quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $332 million, which was near the top of its guidance range. Positive drivers were lower operating expenses and higher gas distribution margins. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses were in line with our expectations, while income taxes were in the upper end of our guidance range. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the third quarter of 2015, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $20.3 million and distributable cash flow of $19.8 million, all consistent with management's expectations. On October 23, Dominion Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.20 per unit payable on November 13 to unitholders of record on November 3. This distribution represents a 7% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. In September, Dominion Midstream acquired a 25.9% interest in the Iroquois Pipeline for the issuance of 8.6 million limited partnership units to National Grid and New Jersey Resources. The freeze action will be accretive to DM's distributable cash flows and enable it to meet its targeted 22% distribution growth rate for 2016 without having to access the capital markets to fund an additional drop. On September 24, Dominion's board authorized the company to invest up to $50 million over a 12-month period to purchase LP units of Dominion Midstream Partners in the open market. As of last week, the company had acquired a little over 550,000 units at a cost of about $15.4 million. As we have now passed the one-year anniversary of the IPO, we expect to file a registration statement with the SEC later today. However, as noted, this filing does not relate to any planned issuances prior to 2017. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $3.4 billion for the first nine months of the year. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.6 billion. We have $4.5 billion of credit facilities. And taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $2 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. In the financing area, we announced in September that based on our current plans, we'll not need to access the capital markets for new common equity throughout the remainder of the decade. We did access the debt market in September with a $650 million 10-year note offering from Dominion. We plan to come to market with another issue for Dominion Gas Holdings of $550 million to $700 million later this year. We're also pleased that Fitch Investor Services recently reaffirmed its ratings for Dominion and its subsidiaries in the report issued last month. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.85 to $0.95 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.84 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. Positive earnings drivers for the quarter compared to last year are higher revenues from our growth projects, lower capacity payments to non-utility generators and higher merchant generating margins. Negative drivers for the quarter were lower farm-out revenues and share dilution. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.50 to $3.85 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. As of mid-October, we've hedged 99% of our expected 2015 production at Millstone and 83% of our expected 2016 production. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $1.03 per share for the third quarter of 2015, which was in the middle of our guidance range. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations. And finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2015 is $0.85 to $0.95 per share and our operating earnings guidance for the full-year remains $3.50 to $3.85 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Strong operational and safety performance continued in the third quarter. Year-to-date, OSHA recordables for each business unit are ahead of or are consistent with their respective targets for the year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 95.9% for the first nine months of the year. Our Power Generation group also performed well with record net generation during the third quarter. In early October, the citizens of South Carolina, home to our Dominion Carolina Gas subsidiary, were victims of unprecedented floods. Fortunately, the operations of Dominion Carolina Gas were not significantly impacted by the floods. There were no safety incidents, no service interruptions, and no significant damage to our facilities. Working with local officials, Dominion has been able to assist in the recovery, providing 100,000 bottles of safe drinking water as well as safe kits, hot meals, food and other essential supplies. Company also assisted in aerial transportation for damage assessment, in response made additional contributions to the Red Cross Disaster Relief. Now, for an update on the biennial review. Hearings on the Virginia State Corporation Commission's review on Virginia Power's earnings for 2013 and 2014 were held in September. A final order is expected late this month. You will recall that neither our base rates, nor the allowed rate of return are subject to change in this proceeding. Biennial review process will resume in 2022, covering earnings for the calendar years 2020 and 2021. Now for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,358-megawatt combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County was about 90% complete through the third quarter. There are approximately 1,050 workers on site. All major equipments have been installed, and first fire of the initial combustion turbine is targeted for later this month. The facility is on time and on budget with an expected mid-2016 commercial operation date. The hearing on our request for CPCN and Rate Rider for the proposed 1,588-megawatt Greensville Country project is scheduled for January 12. Major contracts for this project have been executed, including the combustion turbine supply agreement MH Power Systems and EPC agreement with Fluor. This three-on-one combined-cycle facility is expected to achieve commercial operation in December 2018. It will provide approximately $2 billion in customer benefits over its life. We've continued our merchant contracted renewable acquisition efforts with the September acquisition of a 50% interest in the 210-megawatt Three Cedars Solar Project in Utah, scheduled for operations next year. The acquisition brings our contracted solar portfolio to 690 megawatts, exceeding 645-megawatt target we had announced earlier in the year. On September 4, Dominion signed an agreement for the sale of a 33% interest in 425 megawatts to this portfolio with SunEdison for approximately $300 million. We plan to monetize the remaining two-thirds interest after the ICC holding period was economically advantageous. Our solar strategy is transitioning from the merchant business to our regulated business in Virginia, where we plan to invest $700 million this decade to construct 400 megawatts of utility-scale projects in this space. Based on RFPs conducted in August, the company selected three projects totaling 56 megawatts and submitted an application with State Corporation Commission for CPCN and Rate Rider on October 1. If approved, the solar site will be in service by late 2016. Also during the quarter, we were awarded a 10-year energy sales agreement The United States Navy to supply the Norfolk Naval Station. The Navy has the option to extend the agreement for an additional 10 years. The energy will be generated by 20-megawatt solar facility located in North Carolina, which we agreed to acquire from the solar developer on September 4. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the third quarter, a $146 million of transmission assets were placed into service, bringing the year-to-date total to $660 million. We estimate another $290 million of replacement service in the fourth quarter for a full-year total of $950 million. Electric transmissions capital budget for growth projects, including NERC, RTEP, maintenance, as well as security-related investments will average over $700 million per year through at least the remainder of the decade. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. We closed on the first farm-out of our Utica acreage in September with the transaction covering approximately 16,000 acres. We still have over 160,000 acres in the Utica formation available to serve as farm-out transactions. Interest in the Utica continues to be strong. We're continuing to work toward the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We made the formal FERC filings for these projects in September. On Friday we made a supplemental filing to address specific routing solutions for avoidance of threatened and endangered species. The company is committed to constructing a project that is environmentally sound. Surveying is now over 85% complete, and engineering is about 75% complete. We awarded the small diameter pipe contracts to AMERICAN Cast Iron Pipe in August. Construction bids were received in May and we expect to execute contracts by the end of the year. We plan to begin construction on both projects in the fourth quarter of next year and begin operations in November 2018. With last week's announcement that Duke Energy has agreed to acquire Piedmont Natural Gas, we have received several questions as to how the combination of two of the partners in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline will impact the project. Dominion will remain the operator, and there will be no changes in the management or operation of the project. It's provided for in our existing agreement that upon closing of the transaction, the ownership structure will be recalibrated with Dominion retaining its leading ownership percentage, assuming the Southern AGL transaction also occurs. The ownership interest will be Dominion 48%, Duke 47% and Southern 5%. Now, I'll update on our Cove Point Liquefaction project. Overall, it is approximately 47% complete, and there are about 1,300 workers onsite. Engineering is 95% complete and approximately 95% of the engineering equipment has been procured as of the end of the third quarter. All 34 of the construction projects have been approved by FERC. Also, the cryogenic heat exchanger was delivered by barge to the site last week. The project continues to be on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. In addition to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header, we have 13 energy growth projects underway with $1.2 billion of investments to move more than 2 billion cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. The Edgemoor project in South Carolina and The Western Access Project in Ohio are under construction and proceeding on time and on budget. Since our last call, we received FERC approval for three pipeline expansion projects and received the environmental assessment for a fourth. We have four other projects filed with FERC, and one project in Charleston, South Carolina, we expect to file very shortly. This quarter, we also announced two new demand-driven projects to serve LDC and power generation customers. There has been a fair amount of press and investor attention recently regarding the large number of gas infrastructure projects that are under development, particularly in the Northeast, and how much of this new capacity may be underutilized because of the low gas price environment does not support enough our production to fill these pipes. The vast majority of these new projects is supported by contracted producers, whose finances are under stress due to low commodity prices leading some to be concerned with the long-term financial viability of the projects. I want to highlight the significant difference of Dominion's infrastructure growth projects from those of others. With the exception of a couple of smaller producer outlet projects that are well underway to completion, all of Dominion's major expansion projects are secure with firm commitments from consumers of natural gas, not the producers. These demand-driven projects include Cove Point Export, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the Supply Header Project, the NewMarket project, CPV and Keys in Maryland, Edgemoor in South Carolina and several others. All are with sound counterparties that are meeting customer demand or fueling electric power production. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the third quarter. The Brunswick County construction project is proceeding on time and on budget. We continue to work for a FERC approval for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the Supply Header Project, and construction at the Cove Point Liquefaction Project is continuing on time and on budget. Thank you. And we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. At this time, our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom, it's been a pretty tough quarter, quarters for the MLP space probably and kind of the gas infrastructure assets. Are you guys seeing opportunities of things coming up for sale looking interesting and certainly interest enough for you to go out and issue some more equity capital to get deals done? Are you more content to sit on what you have for the time being and stay out of the equity markets?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's certainly been a tough quarter, really for like maybe four months for the sector, although, I think, objectively that Dominion Midstream Partners has done relatively well compared to some of the rest of the sector. I think that's largely due to the long dropdown schedule we have for organic growth projects. We have looked for things like the Carolina gas transmission, the Iriquois assets, where we were able to place the LP units directly with the sellers. That's the kind of thing we're looking for. We have plenty of projects. We recognize the volatility of the markets right now and we're inclined to just focus on our own projects.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And I guess, kind of in that spirit, obviously some pretty big M&A transactions this quarter. Can you remind us on how you guys think about M&A and how you prioritize it against the internal growth opportunities you see?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: I think we've been fairly consistent for quite a long time. I hope we have, we think, we don't talk about M&A at all. In case somebody decides slightly, we've got a different nuance in the way we say we don't talk about it. So we try not to talk about it. With the exception, we have said since we created Dominion Midstream Partners that we would be looking for assets to contribute to the MLP and we are. But like I said, we have anything that we look at that we're going to judge against our own projects and what issuing LP units, how we've prepared through just organically growing. We like what we have.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. I guess, the last one on solar, you were able to get the SunEdison deal put together this quarter. What do you think about doing with the rest of the megawatts that haven't been committed to the SunEdison thus far? And is there appetite in the market to monetize that next chunk?
Unknown Speaker: Hey, Dan, this is Norris (22:57). We're happy with the sell-down arrangement that we have with SunEd. As you are aware, we can't monetize a fourth those until after the sunset of the ICC period. So you shouldn't look for us to be back in the market anytime soon for that. Those transactions took us through the end of 2015. So we do have some 2016 projects that will be developed next year. We'll see what the market bears at that point in terms of those projects. But, again, don't look for us to access the market for additional sell-down for a bit while.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Hey, quick questions. One, have you guys talked at all about the benefits that you expect to have from capacity performance at PJM?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Michael, this is Mark. We haven't talked about that. There have been a lot of questions about it. I guess, what the way I would summarize that is, we were very happy with the outcome of those auctions and expect to be a beneficiary.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And with the growth of solar estimates at some of your peers, including Southern and Con Ed, just wondering if you guys plan on increasing your targets yourselves at some point?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of incremental of new solar?
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Yes.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: We have a pretty good line of sight through the 30% ITC window through next year. I guess, the only caveat I give you on that is, we expect some projects in 2016 become available due to some distress with YieldCos that have a time commitment to build, may need some assistance in financing those. We'll very selectively look at that as we go out, and we will definitely look at Virginia projects for us to build in Virginia to support our future needs in terms of our carbon compliance, so again merchant wise, I'd say, very selective, but our focus really being on the Virginia service territory.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: And one question about dividends. How are you thinking about dividend growth going forward considering the buybacks of DM shares? And I guess looking forward, spin-off of the GP of the MLP also little less interesting these days than it used to.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we've never talked about doing anything with our GP, just to answer a statement rather than a question. We see no reason to change our distribution growth rate which is 22%, which is – we think is best-in-class at the MLP and we stated in February that it's our anticipation, subject to board approval, to increase our dividend at Dominion about 8% a year through the balance of the decade.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Right. Right. And one last question, about cost savings, if you could just make a comment on that going forward at the utility and also at the merchant generation company? And then, that's it.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Michael, on the cost side, you should think about our operating budgets growing at about a rate at CPI that we roll out. The only major fluctuations would be the timing of Millstone outages, where one year you might have two and next year you might have three. But we're focused on CPI type growth going ahead.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. Just wanted to confirm that the long-term growth rates that you've highlighted, earnings dividends, those are all still good.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, on the issues with the – all the things we've heard in terms of lower oil prices, gas prices liquids prices, maybe slowing production, et cetera. If you look at not just your new projects, but also the existing fleet of assets, could you maybe just characterize your exposure, if anything? I assume it's pretty small, but just if it's – is it enough, is there anything that we should worry about in terms of numbers over the next year or two due to these issues?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, I'm going to let Paul to answer that question, but I'd also take you back to the script where Tom differentiated our projects versus a lot of others that are in the marketplace. Almost all of ours are demand pull projects with regulated utilities or counterparties, hence we feel real good about that. But let me have Paul to give you more color.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Energy Infrastructure Group and President, Dominion Virginia Power: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. Yeah, the producer outlet projects that we have announced and put into service are really reworks of existing assets. So there really is no credit exposure to speak of for those projects. And we've been very focused on our growth projects. And I think if you kind of check around the market, you'll see that our credit requirements are probably as strict as anybody's and I think that's reflective of our projects. So I don't see anything really that should concern you.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys. A quick question on merchants, on the merchant side. With all the retirements happening in New York, New England, how do you see that impacting your fleet of gas assets in New York and New England?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Praful, while of course we only have two gas assets, last one in New England in Manchester and one in CGM outside Philadelphia, Fairless. We do see pressure particularly on capacity, ultimately on energy and NEPOOL with some recent announcements. And I think the New York announcement this morning will also put pressure on Northeast prices, particular on capacity as you go out. Since the infrastructure there on gas is not going to be able to significantly, expand gas at least for the next many years, I think continued shutdown on NEPOOL's side in the Northeast will support both higher energy and capacity.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you. And then in terms of, sorry, in terms of taxes. You talked about ITC expiration post 2016 and moving away from solar, merchant solar to more utility scale. I just wanted to understand from a tax perspective, both book and cash taxes, how do you expect the ITC expiration post 2016 to impact your book and cash taxes?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it's going to depend on, one, what ITC is available. Right now, it's just 10% and on the projects we'll be focused on, they'll be regulated projects. So they will flow through regulated rates through riders to customers in Virginia. So that benefit will flow through back to them.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. Thank you, guys.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Chin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If we can go to the farm-outs and you mentioned that there is about 160,000 acres left. Just, I guess springboarding a little bit more specifically off Steve's earlier question, given where gas prices are at right now and commodity prices overall, are you seeing a change in the market place out there with regards to farm-out interest and can you just comment on the updated sort of industry outlook for farm-outs here?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Energy Infrastructure Group and President, Dominion Virginia Power: Brian, this is Paul Koonce. It's interesting, there is certainly a lot of stress among the producer community, but there is also real interest in getting a secure acreage position in this basin. And what our acreage offers is really a lot of acreage that's blocked up, that's contiguous and because this production is held by production, there's no time limit on when the lease will expire. So from that standpoint, there continues to be a lot of real interest, especially when you look at some of these Utica initial production rates. So we've seen a real strong interest and have seen no let up.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then one last question. Historically, you guys have not done analyst days in consecutive years. You've generally done it every other year or so. Generally, this year it seems to me at least that you guys have just been executing on what you talked about on the Analyst Day earlier this year. Should we go under the assumption that you guys won't need to do any Analyst Day for next year or do you think one might be merited given just the change in the commodity price environment?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Brian, this is Mark. I think, we'll have to evaluate that if we get closer and give guidance for next year. We had a lot of a significant change to talk about it in February this year. I think an Analyst Day will be driven by how much the plan changes long-term, if at all. And if it stays pretty much on course with what we have, we probably will wait another year for an Analyst Day, but again, we'll talk about that in the first quarter call based on what events are at that time.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I wanted to touch on the solar procurement process in Virginia, given some of the recent regulatory activity in the state. At a high level, could you talk about how you think about procuring solar on the utility side within Virginia?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Well. First, I think you're probably referring to the order, I guess, with last week on the – or the week before on the Remington Solar Project. Steve, to distinguish between that project and the projects for example that we just filed, the projects we filed – I guess, we filed Remington in January or February. We had done a lot of work around RFPs and market conditions in solar in the region, when we filed that and believe that we adequately demonstrated that. We went through a much more rigorous or I shouldn't say a more rigorous -different process, which – over the summer, for these new projects, which we think are more than compliant with what it was the Commission was looking for in the Remington Project. So we do RFPs, test the market, look at what we get back in return and then we'll file them. The projects are going to be required – are going to be required to meet the Clean Power Plan and they are – the General Assembly said and it's built those path early this year that they believe these are in the public interest. So we'll work our way through this process with the commission. Projects are going to get built and I think they'll look like the ones we just passed.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thanks and shifting over to, I'm sorry, can I ask this?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry, shifting over to nuclear. I wanted to just, at a high level, get your thoughts on the O&M environment for nuclear. Any trends that you're seeing there just as we think into the future? I know your nuclear operations are very different from some of these smaller units that are retiring. But I'm just curious, any trends you see in terms of nuclear operations' cost requirement going forward, things of that nature?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just give a high level response to that, and then I'll turn it over to Dave Christian. Steve, I assume you're referring of course to the announcement today of Entergy and FitzPatrick. We've seen other single merchant power plant, nuclear plants under stress from other companies. We had this happen here, we had this happen with Kewaunee. When I say here, I mean at Dominion. I guess it's happened three years ago, it was very, very difficult decision for us to make. We tried very, very hard to keep that unit operating, but we just couldn't see with the way the market structure we set up at Millstone in particular, that we could make it work without seeing it drain on the balance of our nuclear fleet. Wasn't a happy day to announce that closing. So everybody is in the different environment. We are all at different plant economics, but it's a structural issue. I think more macro than micro at least it was for us. But today, particularly on O&M and nuclear, well, I think Mark characterized it pretty well. We've had a cap to expected O&M growth at CPIs and that we are also try and work to culture a continuous improvement, we're always scrutinizing costs. We happened to be blessed with some very low cost units and some very large units. So Millstone in particular is largest unit in New England, dual-unit site. It doesn't have a lot of those same characteristics that Pilgrim, BY and Kewaunee, right.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just, I'm sorry if I missed this, but could you elaborate a little bit on the merchant performance that drove earnings this quarter?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: We had higher hedge prices than – versus last year and I'm assuming you're referencing to quarter-by-quarter or versus ...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yeah. Just quarter-by-quarter.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: So we had higher hedge prices than we had in quarter last year and we also had additional one at all of our units at Mills – at Manchester and at Fairless. So it really was a pricing and volume issue for us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then would we talk to the hedging at Millstone? I didn't see any information or any hedging information for 2017. Any thoughts about that? What we're looking at in terms of the hedging for Millstone?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Paul. A couple of years ago, I'm changed our view on hedging based on the forward curves really being depressed. And as you know, at Millstone, what moves that market is winter weather. So as you saw from the hedge tables today, we have hedged out most of 2016 production hour from 60% to 83%. And as we go into any calendar year, we've always and we'll continue to hedge Millstone between 80% and 90% going into a calendar year. So we're right on schedule for 2016. For 2017, we have not hedged 2017 as of yet. We will see what winder curves look like as we go through, but as we sit here at this time next year, we will be in a very similar hit position for 2017 at Millstone. Then we have historically or just a little more opportunistic about it than we have been in the past.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then just on the – just a follow-up on the farm-out question, you guys are still pretty comfortable, it sounds like with the $450 million to $500 million 2015 through 2020 pre-tax opportunities there, is that still the case?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: I still feel very good about it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call back over to you for closing comments.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And well, our next call would be at first of the year. Thank you.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - VP Financial Planning and Investor Relations Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Group Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners' Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - VP Financial Planning and Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome to the second quarter 2015 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the second quarter and Dominion's earnings guidance for the third quarter and full year 2015. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.73 per share for the second quarter of 2015, which was near the top of our guidance range of $0.65 to $0.75 per share. Weather added about $0.01 per share to earrings relative to guidance, while lower operating expenses contributed about $0.02 per share. GAAP earnings were $0.70 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was the charge associated with future ash pond closure costs. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule two of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the second quarter was $374 million, which was in the middle of its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were above expectations due to slightly warmer-than-normal weather. Excluding weather, year-to-date sales growth was about 1.5%, above our expectations for the year of about 1%. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $546 million in the second quarter, which was also in the middle of its guidance range. Favorable weather in utility generation and lower operating expenses in merchant generation were the contributing factors to the strong results. Second quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $285 million, which was in the upper half of its guidance range. Positive drivers were lower operating expenses and higher gas distribution margins. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses were in line with our expectations, while income taxes were at the upper end of our guidance range. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the second quarter of 2015, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $19.9 million and distributable cash flow of $19.3 million, all consistent with management's expectations. On July 17, Dominion Midstream Partners' board of directors declared a distribution of $0.1875 per unit payable on August 14 to unitholders of record on August 4. This distribution represents a 7% increase over the last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP shares. On April 1, Dominion Midstream acquired Dominion Carolina Gas Transmission from Dominion Resources. We do not expect to drop anymore assets into the partnership this year to reach our projected fourth quarter annualized distribution rate of $0.85 per unit. However, we continue to actively seek acquisitions to support DM's future growth. Interest by other parties has been active and we are optimistic of additional transactions this year. As we have said in the past, any acquisition would have the same regulated earnings profile DM has today and not carry with it commodity risk. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $2.1 billion for the first six months of the year. Commercial paper and letter of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.7 billion. We have $4.5 billion of credit facilities. And taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $2 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. In the financing area, we concluded our public equity needs for the year after raising approximately $500 million through the sale of 6.8 million common shares during the first and second quarters. We accessed the debt markets on two occasions during the quarter with senior note offers. In May, Virginia Power issued $700 million in two tranches, half for 10 years and the other half for 30 years. In June, Dominion issued $500 million of three-year notes. We plan to come to the market with another parent company debt issue, as well as an issue for Dominion Gas Holdings later this year. Looking ahead to the third quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.95 to $1.10 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.93 per share for the third quarter of 2014. Positive earnings driver for the quarter compared to last year are a return to normal weather and higher revenues from growth projects. Negative drivers for the quarter are higher operating expenses and share dilutions. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.50 to $3.85 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. As of August 1, we have hedged 94% of our expected 2015 production at Millstone and 60% of our expected 2016 production. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.73 per share for the second quarter of 2015, near the top of our guidance range. Favorable weather and lower expenses were the principal factors of our strong performance. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations. And, finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2015 is $0.95 to $1.10 per share. And our operating earnings guidance for the full year remains $3.50 to $3.85 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Our strong operational and safety performance continued in the second quarter. Year-to-date, OSHA recordables for each business unit are ahead of or are consistent with their respective targets for the year. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 95.4% for the first six months of the year. Our Power Generation group also performed well with record net generation and net capacity factors during the second quarter. Now, for an update on our regulatory activities. On March 31, in Virginia, we filed our review of earnings for 2013 and 2014, showing an earned return of 10.13%, which was below the top of the allowed range of 10.7%. Intervenor testimony was submitted last week and we expect to receive the commission staff testimony next week. Hearings will commence in September and we expect the commission order by the end of November. Neither our base rates nor the allowed rate of return are subject to change in this proceeding. The biennial review process will resume in 2022 covering earnings for the calendar years 2020 and 2021. We filed our annual Integrated Resource Plan in Virginia and North Carolina on July 1. The filing identifies and evaluates a mix of supply side and demand side resources needed to meet customers' needs at the lowest reasonable cost while considering future uncertainties, including the EPA's Clean Power Plan, which was, of course, only in draft form at the time of the filing. Obviously, earlier this week, we saw the final rule. We're encouraged by some of the changes made to the original proposal and are evaluating our options to help Virginia comply with the new regulations. It is clear, however, that the plan will require significant new investments in generation and electric transmission in our Virginia service territory as well as many new opportunities for all aspects of our gas infrastructure businesses. Now for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,358-megawatt combined cycle facility in Brunswick County was about 75% complete through the second quarter. There are approximately 1,475 workers on site. Construction of the air-cooled condenser is 93% complete and installation of major equipment continues for all combustion turbine units. Facility is on-time and on-budget for a mid-2016 commercial operation date. A request for a CPCN and Rate Rider for the proposed 1,588-megawatt Greensville County project was filed July 1. If approved, this three-on-one combined cycle facility is expected to achieve commercial operation in December 2018. In January, the company filed for a Rate Rider and CPCN for a 20-megawatt solar facility at our Remington Power Station. This project is the first step in our plan to invest $700 million to build 400 megawatts of utility scale solar projects in Virginia. If approved, the facility will be in service by late 2016. Since our last call, we placed five contracted merchant solar projects into service totaling 81 megawatts. Another 90 megawatts have been acquired or are under construction for completion this year. In addition, we acquired a 50% interest in a 320-megawatt solar facility under development in Utah. Our plan to grow this portfolio to 625 megawatts by the end of 2016 is in place. We'll provide more details on our plan to sell down of our merchant solar portfolio next month at the September investor conferences. At Dominion Virginia Power, we have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the second quarter, $315 million of transmission assets were placed into service, bringing the year-to-date total to $514 million. Electric transmissions capital budget for growth projects, including NERC, RTEP, maintenance, as well as security-related investments will average over $700 million per year through at least the remainder of the decade. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well for the 4 billion cubic feet per day of projects underway. We have previously announced nearly 2 Bcf per day of producer outlet projects, designed to relieve congestion and move Marcellus and Utica's gas out of the basin. Five of these are now in service and the four remaining will be in service by the end of next year. As we complete the producer outlet projects, we have seen a significant increase in demand in both traditional LDCs and new gas-fired generation projects as coal plants move to retirement or conversion. We expect these trends to continue as gas supplies continue to grow from the Marcellus and Utica basins. We're presently developing over 2 billion cubic feet of demand side or market-based projects. Seven of these totaling $600 million a day are expected to be in service by the end of 2017. Looking forward, there is strong interest for further customer-driven projects throughout our service area, including in our newly-acquired Dominion Carolina Gas Transmission system at Dominion Midstream Partners. And we expect to be in a position to give additional details later this year. The Clean Power Plan will greatly enhance those opportunities. We're continuing to work towards the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We began the FERC filing process last November and expect to make the formal filings in September. Surveying is about 80% complete and engineering is about 70% complete. We awarded the large diameter pipe manufacturing contract in January to Dura-Bond Industries of Pennsylvania and expect to award small diameter pipe contract in August. Construction bids were received in May. And we expect to conclude negotiations by the end of the summer, well ahead of our original project plan. We plan to begin construction on both projects in the fourth quarter of 2016 and commence operations in November 2018. Now, an update on our Cove Point liquefaction project. Overall, the project is approximately 31% complete and is on-time and on-budget. Engineering is nearly 90% complete and approximately 85% of the engineered equipment has been procured as of the end of the second quarter. So, to summarize, our business delivered strong operating and safety performance in the second quarter. The Brunswick County construction project is proceeding on-time and on-budget. We continue to work toward a formal filing with FERC for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Supply Header Projects next month. And construction of the Cove Point liquefaction project is continuing on-time and on-budget. Thank you. And we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys. On the DM M&A opportunities for this year, I guess, a) what are you seeing as far as receptivity of sellers and some pressure on kind of the yields space with the MLPs or the YieldCos? And how do you guys feel about issuing equity on DM right now to supplement an acquisition at this moment?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Dan. This is Mark. We've had a lot of interest from a number of parties in terms of assets that would fit nicely within a DM portfolio. If any of those transactions were to materialize between now and the end of the year, we do not expect issuing any equity associated with those – any public equity associated with those. And, again, I've mentioned in the script that we will be sure to focus on only assets that have a very stable, regulated, long-term earnings stream. But we are excited that people really like the DM currency. And I think there may be greater value with the DM currency than what their current earning streams are within their assets.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, Mark, that means you would cash fund them from what they have available or you would be giving your equity to the seller of the assets?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It could be both.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. All right. Tom, can you talk a little bit about kind of thoughts on CPP now that it's made its the land of final and how you guys see that affecting both the IRP and Virginian, maybe some of the ongoing investments in gas generation and solar and that sort of stuff?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan. Obviously, it's a very complicated rule. It's interesting to take a look – you have to really look at it state-by-state. I'm sure you know that and all those folks listening. So, to make broad generalizations about it, I think, is a mistake. I think you need to look at how each state – how they have – what levels they have to comply with, what their existing mix is. Example, if you look at the Southeastern states and the Midwestern states, where our pipeline assets are as well positioned as any, there are others well positioned, but I think ours are well positioned as any or better. Gas-fired power will be able to meet the needs with the latest emissions targets – the rates that were published in the final rule. So we're encouraged by that. I think that's a good news – opportunity for our infrastructure businesses. We're going to take a hard look at the IRP. I'd say our Greensville County plant, for example, will clear all these hurdles. It provides tremendous customer benefit – most customer benefit we've had of any of these projects, truly an outstanding opportunity. We will be looking hard at solar. The renewable and energy efficiency parts of the rule are slightly convoluted with the way the timing works. If you're looking at a potential gap, I think, in incentives to build renewable, once the tax production did not – the investment tax credits expire, at the end of next year – for example, solar, if you start building after your status filed a final plan, which is going to be well after most likely when the tax credits expire, then you can start earning these double credits, but only in the years 2020 and 2021. And then the ability to earn the credits expires. You can't earn them in advance of 2020. So all the folks that sit in rooms like we're in here today are going to be looking at, well, when do I – if I'm going to do this, when do I do it? When is the best for my customers, at least a solution to my customers? So I think people will have to be thinking through all that, state-by-state. You could have a couple of years there where there is a lack of incentive to build renewables when compared to waiting. So that's a long answer, probably longer than you want. We're looking for – it's a complicated rule. All of us have a lot of work to do. And we will be reassessing our IRP. But, as you know, we file it every year. So, it's not like it's stagnant.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess one last one, just on the non-regulated solar sales. You updated those in September. But are you seeing a wavering interest from prospective parties, given what the YieldCo space has done recently?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Quite the opposite.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Wait for September. Thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. It's Julien.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, perhaps a little bit to follow up on a related question. Just be curious, in terms of the general partnership, how are you thinking about potentially monetizing that in a more attractive manner? And I'm just curious, what is your reaction to what you've seen out there in the marketplace of late and recent months, following some of other companies pursuing new angles here?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Julien, it's Mark. We think our GP is extraordinarily valuable. It grows in value every day as we get closer to major drops in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Although there's been some good valuations on GP sales down the road, we think that value should move into both the DM and to D stock as we give more and more clarity on that. So, we are not looking to do anything different with our GP except to hold it at Dominion as we grow the entity. In terms of the MLP sector in general, it appears that some investors have shown concern based on recent transactions around change in business practice or at least change in philosophy on their business mix. DM will not go that way. DM is going to stay with what we told investors in February. That we have a great dropdown story, regulated assets, very firm earnings. And if we decide to acquire anything, it will fit that same portfolio. Also, it looks like that folks that had to issue equity as part of a transaction have not been treated too well in certain circles. So, again, we do not expect to have any market equity issued for any potential transaction from DM to make sure that we're focused on growing that entity and growing value for both DM unitholders and D shareholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: I'd be curious just in terms of some recent pushback on the undergrounding project in Virginia, just be curious what's the latest there in terms of potentially trying to re-file that project or next steps more broadly?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: We're taking a look at the commission order. I'm confident we will – they asked for some more cost justification. There is a lot of cost justification. We don't anticipate any difficulty with that. It's a new statute, new proceeding. So we'll take a look at what they want us to file and then we'll file it and proceed from there. I don't expect any issue on it in the end.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Great. Well, thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Group: Thanks. Sorry to harp on the same subject as some prior questions, but one of the other things that seems to have happened in the MLP/YieldCo space is investors rightfully focusing on transaction valuations in terms of the long-term IRR for the LP holder and not just the dividend growth accretion that comes from those transactions. And they're sort of been punishing both the GPs and the LPs of companies that look like they're not disciplined financially. So, can you please go over what's the financial metrics you look at in terms of when you look at a drop, when you look at an acquisition, what are the hurdle rates for IRRs and accretion that you hold yourself to?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Greg, I'm going to give a general answer to that, because we're not going to disclose what our internal financial rates are. But, as we look at any transaction on DM, we'll look at is it positive to the discounted cash flow metric, is it positive in terms of long-term IRR, is it positive in terms of strategic long-term value, is it positive in terms of can we operate it more effectively potentially than the current owners. And anything we do on DM is going to, again, fit, I think, the structure that our unitholders are interested in. And our focus would be, if we did acquire, it allows us to keep the backlog that we have and grow it even more from the $1.7 billion post-2020 that we've already identified. And so, those are kind of opportunities we're looking at. I think the Carolina Gas Transmission acquisition fit all those parameters that I outlined for you. And I think if we have any announcement in the future in terms of acquisition, it will meet the hurdle rates that people are expecting or exceed those and be well received.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Group: Thanks. And I know that the focus of the company appears by – to be creating shareholder value through the continued growth in the midstream of pipeline businesses, but there does continue to be consolidation of the utility industry. So, on the utility side of house, are you still opportunistically considering expanding the regulated utility footprint? And if the answer to that is yes, what are the criteria that you're looking at there?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Greg, I don't think we've ever said that we were opportunistically looking to expand our utility franchise. In fact, I'm quite certain that we've never said that in the 10 years I've been CEO. All we said is that we have been – we are interested in assets for Dominion Midstream Partners that fit the criteria that Mark mentioned. I think we are perceived as a management group and a broad of directors that exercises financial discipline. And that's the way we will continue to perceive. But we've never said we're looking around for an electric utility.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Group: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You have Chris Turnure for Jeremy. One quick question on CGT. You guys, I guess, recently did a pre-filing for $120 million extension. So, I guess, looking at the current plan and the current operations at CGT, how that's running relative to your plan at the time of the acquisition?
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: This is Paul Koonce. The filling was part of our due diligence process. So, it really fits right in line with our expectation. We did go out for solicitation of interest in June, just to kind of pulse the community down there, to find out what the interest was in additional gas service. And that response was good. So, we hope to add to what was already an existing portfolio of spread.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Mark. Let me add on to that. Obviously, from initial expectation on CGT, the cash flows have been better than what we anticipated, one reason that we confirmed earlier that we didn't need to drop anything else in 2015. And so as – only being associated with that entity for five months or so now. We're very pleased with the way it operates, very pleased with the growth potential that it has. And, again, we believe that there is more opportunities to improve the cash flow coming out of South Carolina than what we've initially anticipated in January.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. That's it from me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Angie, go ahead with your question.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm sorry. Just to go back to the Dominion Midstream. So you mentioned that you would be pursuing some – actually pursuing acquisitions even later this year. Now the fact that you're not going to finance them with equity, should we imply that those are not going to be big acquisitions? I'm basically trying to figure out if there is a way to accelerate the IDR payments to make the increased cash flow from this entity more visible to Dominion shareholders? I understand that you've created the structure to actually create value for Dominion shareholders. And I think we're still waiting a little bit for the recognition of the value creation.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Angie, this is Mark. (31:14) in terms of size would be material to DM, what we're looking at, but not material to a D balance sheet. So our focus really is what assets are out there that may fit our portfolio that would allow us to continue to build our backlog long-term and stay and support our 22% distribution growth. We do not anticipate advancing any drops to do that. This would just be a matter of it fits the profile, has good future growth, but they – I would say they would not be significant in terms of size is what we're – from what we're looking at right now.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Now, separately on the Cove Point expansion, can you comment if there has been any movement on your long-term contract supporting that entity, like any attempts to negotiate contracts given the lower LNG demand worldwide?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: That was easy. So, lastly, some of the strengths in your second quarter earnings have to do with cost efficiencies. I see that you're showing increased operating costs as a drag on third quarter results. So should I imply that this is just a timing of O&M?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's a fair representation.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. The Utica details that you used to give, you don't have. And I'm just curious maybe at a high level you can give us an update on your kind of what you're seeing in the Utica, which seems like it's pretty good.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Steve. Paul Koonce will provide that.
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: Good morning, Steve. Yeah. In past calls, we've kind of provided the state level kind of number of permitted wells, drilled wells and producing wells. And just looking at that information since February 9, the number of permitted wells are up 202, the number of wells drilled are up 231, the number of wells producing are up 200. So we still see a lot of activity in Ohio. And really what we're starting to focus on are really the five counties that Blue Racer really serves: Guernsey, Belmont, Noble, Monroe and Washington counties. And if you look at permits statewide, they look like they're leveling off. They're still issuing permits leveling off. But if you look at these five counties, they're continuing to increase month-over-month. So we see that as positive.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just maybe at a high level comp, is it – given the continued growth in your kind of core areas, I mean, should we expect further maybe new project, new CapEx plan in the midstream gas when you do your update?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Steve, we've got a lot of things we're working on. And we'll do our best to make sure we give you as much clarity as we can in the fall.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick ones remaining here. Just the coal residuals, the one-timer, are we finished with that do you think? Is that sort of one and done with respect to -
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think it's two and done.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: All right.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: We've reserved some in December, I think, Paul. And then we've spent a lot of time through the last six months looking at – we need to keep this in context, of course. We don't have – there are many other of our colleagues in the industry have a lot more of these ponds than we do. We do have some ponds. We will deal with them. We've fine-tuned it. We don't think it's that significant of an expense, but, obviously, significant money. But we're going to clean them up in compliance with all the EPA regulations. So that's a long way of saying, yes, we believe that's all we will have to do.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Then the SUP order, the strategic undergrounding thing, last week the order – the last part of it sort of mentions that although it's not included in their analysis for denying the application, they mention sort of an overall rates – the context of overall rates for customers. So they say it's not part of their (36:11) doing this, but basically they draw attention to it. So what my question is – question is basically how do you look at the rate impact that we're seeing here? I know you guys are very cognizant of these rate impacts for customers and CapEx and what have you. How do you look in terms of general about the Clean Power Plan, everything going on here, what the rate outlook might be for customers?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, thank you for that question. We spend a lot of time looking at not only – take, for example, the IRP. We gave five or six different approaches depending upon we were sort of guessing – educated guesses of what the Clean Power Plan would look like. And we'll obviously take another look at it. But cost to our customer is a paramount thing for us. We spend a lot of time looking at that. We pace things as a result of that. Now if you look at the gap that we still have for producing our own generation, if you're went back five years, we could have justified building two or three of these plants all at one time to meet our customers' needs. But we didn't think that was the appropriate way to deal with rates. We start from a very strong position. We're 20% below the national average in rates. We're among the lowest on the East Coast. We have one of the lowest industrial rates in the entire country. So we work very, very hard at keeping really strong operations, particularly in our generation fleet, to keep cost down, reliability for our customers. As these things go along, we take into account all through that process. I don't find it remarkable that a commission would say that they're concerned about rate pressure. I hope that all commissions are concerned about rate pressure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then just finally on Dominion EDGE with the Clean Power Plan and what have you and other initiatives. I know you guys have done some rollouts here. How is that gone? And do you see any additional opportunity there?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: EDGE is a – just to remind everybody is a software product that we developed here – we have multiple patents on – that does voltage control in real-time instantaneous information and can be verified. The cost savings can be verified through a separate process. So, quite a few utilities co-ops have adopted it and are in the process of installing it. There are a lot more looking at it and some very large ones. So I think the Clean Power Plan – they got rid of the energy efficiency as one of the methods but they still give you some incentives, of course, if you wait till 2020.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: It sounds like the Clean Power Plan could lead to some additional growth opportunities. Any sense on whether Virginia will submit a state implementation plan, file a lawsuit? And then maybe you can just touch on whether we're looking at a regional approach or state specific?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Our Governor McAuliffe, I think, pretty sure I read, has already stated that they intend to – the state of Virginia will file a state implementation plan. He's said that before as the EPA was going through it. So, I wouldn't anticipate any lawsuits from Virginia. And, obviously, we will be working with the governor's environmental quality people along with our reliability regulators to help get make sure they have all the information they need to form the best plan for Virginia. So, a lot in the growth. We're definitely going to have to do a lot more in Virginia, but there is a lot of growth that's also going to happen in the gas infrastructure businesses. People talk about renewables being built and they will be built. But, as you all know, you have to backup all those renewables with gas-fired power plant. So, we think there is a lot of opportunity. And if you look at it state-by-state, the region where our pipeline operates, gas will work.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just lastly in Atlantic Coast, are we still comfortable at 1.5 Bs per day or are we still – is there an opportunity to upsize that?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: It's signed up for 1.5 now. And I think we've said previously that it's easy to expand it to 500 a day just by adding some pressure. So, we're still obviously in the pre-filing process but we'll file that formally next month.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. And then just lastly on DTI. Is there any opportunity to potentially drop down DTI sooner than 2018 or is there just some covenants on the debt that will not allow you to?
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: There are issues around debt, but we have no intention of – I don't think we've ever talked about DTI before anytime. It's out in the future. What we're talking about dropping right now is Cove Point, the Atlantic Coast pipeline, Blue Racer and all times to – when necessary to meet the 22% distribution growth rate that we have been meeting so far and will meet over the balance of this period.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. And you may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.
Thomas F. Farrell ll - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hamlin - VP-Financial Analysis & Investor Relations Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President David A. Christian - Executive Vice President & CEO-Dominion Generation
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners' First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin - VP-Financial Analysis & Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2015 earnings conference call for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings releases and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our first quarter earnings documents. Our website addresses are dom.com and dommidstream.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will follow this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss the measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2015, as well as operating earnings before depreciation and amortization, interest and taxes commonly referred to as EBITDA. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in the earnings release kit and Dominion Midstream's press release. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the first quarter and our earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2015. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we've made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning. Dominion Resources reported operating earnings of $0.99 per share for the first quarter of 2015, which was at the top of our guidance range of $0.85 per share to $1 per share. Favorable weather condition in our electric service area, particularly in February, added about $0.05 per share compared to normal. Higher-than-expected earnings from our Marcellus farmout activities were $0.04 per share above guidance as we closed a new agreement on development rights for 11,000 acres and amended the terms of an existing agreement. On the negative side, margins from our merchant power business were below expectations, largely due to lower power prices in New England. GAAP earnings were $0.91 per share for the first quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a charge associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February that required the write-off of Virginia Power prior period deferred fuel cost during the first quarter of 2015. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule two of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, the EBITDA for the first quarter was $402 million, which was at the top of its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were above expectations due to colder-than-normal weather. Excluding weather, sales growth for the quarter was about 1.5%, slightly higher than our full year expectation of 1%. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $676 million in the first quarter, which was in the middle of its guidance range. Earnings from utility generation were above expectations due to colder-than-normal weather, while merchant generation was below expectations due to lower-than-expected power prices. First quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $413 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. The colder weather and higher earnings from farmout activities drove the strong results. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses and income taxes were in line with our guidance. Overall, we are pleased with our first quarter operating results. For the first quarter of 2015, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $11.8 million and distributable cash flow of $11.9 million, all consistent with management's expectations. On April 22, Dominion Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $0.175 per unit payable on May 15 to unitholders of record on May 5. On April 1, Dominion Midstream acquired Dominion Carolina Gas Transmission from Dominion Resources for a combination of debt and units valued at approximately $495 million. The acquisition is supportive of management's plan to grow limited partner distributions at a 22% compound annual rate through the end of the decade. We do not expect to drop any more assets into the partnership this year to reach our projected fourth quarter annualized distribution rate of $0.85 per unit. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $1.1 billion for the first three months of the year. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $3.25 billion. We had $4.5 billion of credit facilities at the end of the first quarter. And taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $1.4 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. Finally in the financing area, we began an aftermarket program earlier this year to raise $500 million of common equity. Through the first week of April, we had raised $264 million and expect to complete our equity issuance by year-end. Now, moving to earnings guidance, our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2015 is $0.65 per share to $0.75 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2014. Positive earning drivers for the quarter compared to last year are return to normal weather, higher revenues from rider projects, the absence of a refueling outage at Millstone. Negative earning drivers for the quarter were higher operating expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.50 per share to $3.85 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. As of mid-April, we have hedged 88% of our expected 2015 production at Millstone and 60% of our expected 2016 production. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.99 per share for the first quarter of 2015, at the top of our guidance range. Favorable weather and higher earnings from our farmout activities were the principal factors in the strong performance. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations, and the Dominion Carolina Gas Transmission business was dropped into the partnership effective April 1. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2015 is $0.65 per share to $0.75 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year remains $3.50 per share to $3.85 per share. I would now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Our business units delivered strong operational and safety performance in the first quarter. Year-to-date, OSHA recordables for all units are consistent with their respective targets for the year. Dominion ranked first in safety in the Southeast Exchange in the fourth quarter of 2014. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well. The net capacity factor our six units was 97.7% for the first three months of the year. Our Power Generation group also performed well during the quarter with record production from our combined cycle and large coal plates and a first ever six-month breaker-to-breaker run for the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. Virginia Power experienced a new record peak demand of 21,651 megawatts on February 20, exceeding the previous winter peaks by 9% and the previous record summer peak by 8%. Our natural gas transportation storage and delivery businesses also operated well during the recent winter. Despite the cold, DTI had no interruption to firm service customers. The system experienced a record storage turn of 67.4 billion cubic feet for the month of February and set a record throughput of 7.24 Bcf on February 15. Our natural gas distribution companies also met the higher demand brought on by the cold weather safely and efficiently. Before I discuss the progress we are making on our growth projects, I want to update you on a number of regulatory and legislative issues affecting the company. As many of you are aware, Virginia General Assembly passed legislation in the recent session modifying the base rate review process for the next several years. The changes were advanced because of the uncertainties and potential impact to the state from the proposed Clean Power Plan being formulated by the Environmental Protection Agency. In its current form, this plan would impose some of the strictest CO2 emission standards in the Eastern U.S. on the Commonwealth of Virginia and could result in substantial cost for our customers and have a negative impact on our economy. A study by the Virginia State Corporation Commission estimated total compliance cost of $5 billion to $6 billion, excluding up to $2 billion for the cost of potentially retiring much of our existing fleet of coal-fired generating plant. The recently enacted legislation suspends the biannual review process during the early years of the compliance period for the new CO2 standards. During this time, the company will file its integrated resource plan annually with the commission to include various compliance strategies and has committed to seek a solution to the new rules, which will allow the continuing use of coal as an energy resource in our state. We will file our integrated resource plan with the commission on July 1 of this year. We filed our review of earnings for 2013 and 2014 on March 31, showing an earned return of 10.13%, which was below the top of the allowed range of 10.7%. We expect the commission order in this review by the end of November. The biannual review process will resume in 2022 covering earnings for the calendar years 2020 and 2021. Now for an update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,358 megawatt combined cycle facility in Brunswick County was about 60% complete through the end of the first quarter. There are approximately 1,140 workers on site. The turbine building construction is in progress and all field-erected tanks were in various stages of construction or hydro testing. Construction of the air-cooled condenser is approximately 75% complete. The facility is on budget and on time for a mid-2016 commercial operation date. Dominion announced that Greensville County will be the site for the next three-on-one gas-fired combined cycle facility to be constructed in Virginia. We expect to file a request with Virginia State Corporation Commission for CPCN and Rate Rider for this project in July. If approved, this 1,600 megawatt station is scheduled for commercial operation in late 2018. During the first quarter, the company announced plans to invest $700 million to build several utility scale solar projects in Virginia, totaling up to 400 megawatts. Legislation enacted by the General Assembly states that the development of 500 megawatts of large-scale solar by utilities within the Commonwealth is in the public interest. Also during the first quarter, Dominion announced the development of a 20 megawatt solar facility at our Remington Power Station and filed for an A-6 Rider and CPCN in January. If approved, the facility would be in service by late 2016. Construction is also on schedule for five merchant solar plants totaling 132 megawatts scheduled for service this year. The largest of these projects is our 50 megawatt Pavant project in Utah, which is currently under construction. Two projects in California totaling 42 megawatts should be in service by the end of this quarter. We also recently announced the acquisitions of the Richland Solar project, the 20 megawatt facility in Georgia, and the Alamo Solar project, a 20 megawatt facility located in California. Both projects will be operational later this year and bring our merchant, solar portfolio to 384 megawatts. Our plan is to grow this portfolio to 450 megawatts by the end of this year and to 625 megawatts by the end of next year. At Dominion Virginia Power, we have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the first quarter, $199 million of transmission assets were placed into service. Electric transmissions capital budget for growth projects, including NERC, RTEP, maintenance, as well as security-related investments will average over $700 million per year through at least the remainder of this decade. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. At our February 9 meeting for analysts and investors, we highlighted a number of producer outlet and market access projects underway at Dominion Energy. Five of the nine producer outlet projects, which are designed to relieve congestion and move Marcellus gas out of the basin, are in service, while remaining four are all on time and on budget for completion over the next two years. Similarly, all four market access projects, which are customer-driven expansions, are on time and on budget for completion in 2016 and 2017. On March 31, Dominion East Ohio filed an application with the Public Utility Commission of Ohio for expansion of the PIR program. If approved, DEO's annual capital investment would increase from $160 million to $200 million by 2018 and by 3% per year for the following three years. In West Virginia, legislation was passed authorizing the West Virginia PSC to approve expedited cost recovery of natural gas utility infrastructure projects. Dominion Hope plans to file an application later this year for this replacement and expansion program. During the first quarter, we closed on a new farm-out agreement and adjusted the terms of another. In March, DTI closed on an agreement to convey approximately 11,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights underneath one of its storage fields. The agreement provides for an upfront payment of $27 million plus an ongoing overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. Also in March, DTI and a natural gas producer amended the terms of a December 2013 agreement covering 79,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights for payments over a nine-year period. That amendment resulted in immediate conveyance of approximately 9,000 acres or 11% of the overall development rights and a two-year extension of the term of the original agreement. We are continuing to work for the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We began the FERC filing process last November and expect to make the formal filing in September. On February 27, FERC issued a notice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement for both projects. During March, FERC held 10 scoping meetings at locations along the pipeline route. We have been continuing our public outreach efforts. 11 open houses for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and two open houses for the Supply Header were held in January. Three additional open houses were held in March for proposed reroutes. Surveying is about 72% complete and engineering is about 42% complete. We awarded the pipe manufacturing contract in January to Dura-Bond Industries in Pennsylvania, and expect to award the pipeline construction contract this summer. We should begin construction in the fourth quarter of next year and begin operations in November 2018. Dominion completed the acquisition of Carolina Gas Transmission from SCANA in January, and sold it to Dominion Midstream Partners in April. This transaction is illustrative of the kind of third-party acquisitions we will be seeking to supplement Dominion's already large inventory of MLP eligible assets that support our growth targets for Dominion Midstream. Now, an update on our Cove Point Liquefaction Project. Construction is continuing at the site and is on time and on budget. The first foundations have been poured and the first structural steel has been erected. Engineering is nearly 80% complete, and approximately 85% of the engineered equipment has been procured as of the end of the first quarter. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the first quarter. Brunswick County construction project is proceeding on time and on budget. We continue to work toward a formal filing with FERC for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline in September. And construction of the Cove Point Liquefaction Project is continuing on time and on budget. Thank you, and we are ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. Our first question will come from Greg Gordon from Evercore Group.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Pretty thorough presentation as I really only have one question. I know that you've been given a lot more runway in Virginia to run the business given the flexibility of the new legislation and the uncertain – but there's also a lot of uncertainties that goes with that. It doesn't look like the weather normal sales were moved one way or the other that dramatically versus last year. Can you talk about whether or not you're still running behind your longer-term growth expectation for kilowatt hour sales in your market and what your base case assumptions are over the next several years for growth?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Greg. This is Mark. We actually were quite happy with the first quarter weather normalized sales where we were up slightly more than 1.5%. If you recall, we guided everybody this year to 1% sales growth annually, 2015 over 2014. And then as we talked on February 9, we looked for growth beyond that 1.5% next year and then a more normal 2% range for us, 2017 through the end of the decade. But for the first quarter, residential sales came in strong. And what we're very pleased about is commercial sales came in strong, excluding data centers, which we already knew were going to be very strong. Commercial sales were where we lagged in the last couple of years due to sequestration particularly in Northern Virginia and Eastern Virginia. So we'll see how that trend continues through rest of the year, but with just three months' worth of data, we think we're off to a strong stale start.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. The only – it looks like even industrial – it looks like across the board, everything was pretty strong. Maybe industrial is a little bit weaker delivers...
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (22:10) weak but – excuse me, Greg, the industrial was a weaker right, but it's very deceiving because most of the industrial weakness was due to low curtailment activities in the first quarter based on weather.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Fabulous. Good answer. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, it's Julien here. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So turning to the farmouts and just broadly the volumetric outlook on the Dominion Energy side, can you talk to just hitting the target you laid out at the Analyst Day as you think about subsequent execution of farmout deals and also the royalty payments given the oil price environment? And then subsequently the Blue Racer impacts from where we stand today. So basically kind of a G&P, are you on track to hit the target farmout royalties and just generally G&P.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, sure. Paul Koonce is going to handle the farmouts first and then I'll talk generally about Blue Racer versus what we showed in February.
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: Good morning, Julien. Yes. We still remain very much engaged with producers on Utica acreage. We had a lot of success with the farmouts in the Marcellus. We're now moving into the Utica, which is really the dry Utica, which right now seems to be where a lot of producers are putting forth their interest. So if you go back to the chart that Tom showed at February 9, the $450 million to $500 million between 2015-2020, we really haven't seen anything change that. We've been quite encouraged, frankly. So that's kind of where we stand. We're in negotiations right now, and we'll continue that.
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Julien, on Blue Racer – this is Mark. If you note in the script, there were two areas that we didn't talk about mainly because we gave such comprehensive update in February, and one of them was Blue Racer. And what I want to mention on Blue Racer is that we need to bound Blue Racer because we get lots of questions on it, we get lots of questions on the basin. But Blue Racer's contribution at $85 million to $95 million, which we showed on February 9, is less than 2% of the total contribution to Dominion's overall earnings. The other area that we will update only on significant changes are unregulated gas retail business, which again, the reason we've stopped including that in our script is because it's 1% of our total overall earnings. So I just want to give that backdrop. And in terms of Blue Racer, in the first half of this year, we feel real good with the processing volumes that are out there. We have three processing units up and running. The frac addition that was scheduled for the second quarter is in commissioning. So I think – and we feel real good with Blue Racer. The question I think will be with Blue Racer and others is later this year, do we continue to see the tie-ins that we expected before, and we'll have to wait and see what producers do. But permits continue to grow in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and we are optimistic, but we'll wait and see what the fourth quarter brings.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then subsequently just in terms of the 22% CAGR and thinking about subsequent dropdowns, vis-à-vis M&A, how are you thinking about more drops? Is there still the potential to have acquisitions at the MLP or is generally the thought process at this point in time to warehouse those assets, whatever you may be targeting at Dominion until a subsequent period of time to smooth out the growth rate, if you will?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Julien, I think it can happen in a number of different ways. Most of the assets that are in the market right now are liquid-sensitive assets which we would not be interested in. But there are some that have fairly stable regulated earnings pipeline-type assets. We – if they were accretive and supportive of our growth rate at DM, we could do it at DM. We could do it at D and house those until we want to drop them in the future. So we have tremendous flexibility. That's why we like the model of D and DM, focusing on these assets together. And we may well be a straight unit buy at DM or it might be buy at D with a dropdown very similar to Carolina Gas Transmission. So lots of flexibility, but I can assure you, we are not going to buy anything unless it adds value to both DM and D.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then lastly, just on the – speaking of housing, any developments on finding a yieldco partner, maybe too early?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For solar?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yep.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're pretty far down the road on how we want to structure that, Julien. We've had a lot of inbound from all kinds of people that would be interested in partnering with an ultimate sell-down. I think the structure is going to be very similar to what we've talked about publicly before, and that is a partial sell-down into a joint venture and then an ultimate absolute sale in the future after certain tax restrictions are released. So look for more on that probably late summer or fall, but that process is well underway.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: But a cash sale to get – to bind to the JV up front. And that's where you will get the premium for effectively having this transaction.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think the way it will work, Julien is that we will get a cash sale for the interest that we sell initially into the JV. And then we'll get a cash sale when we ultimately sell down the remaining interest at a future period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: First question was on Carolina Gas Transmission. Could you discuss in a little bit more detail the growth projects that kind of get you from the 10% CAGR in EBITDA from 2015 to 2018? And then also if there was any synergies between CGT and Atlantic Coast?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll ask Paul Koonce to answer the first part of that. In terms of Atlantic Coast, we're only focused on the existing project we have at Atlantic Coast and moving that process through the approval and construction period. We don't, at this point in time, see any other project but what's been announced on ACP.
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: Yeah. Just on CGT growth, there are three projects in particular that have already been executed with the counterparty. They execute – the counterparty in this case being South Carolina Electric and Gas. So the growth is in place. The contracts have been signed. The permitting process is well underway. So we really don't see anything there that would really cause any question or concern.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And my second question was on generation. So in the past, you've said your CCGT projects were used to kind of catch up with retirements and Greensville County is going to be used to serve the additional load in your territory. After Greensville County, are you set for generation for a while or are there other needs within your service territory that would require additional builds, whether it's gas or other forms of generation?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Tom Farrell. Of course, we have Brunswick. We just finished Warren. Brunswick is 60% complete. Greensville County will be filing for. We also announced the 400 megawatts of solar. And it is – I am highly confident that we will need more generation construction in Virginia post Greensville County as a result of the carbon – the so-called Clean Power Plan. How much and what it will look like? We'll have to see how the final rule comes out. There's issues around the interim target and how rigorous that will be, whether it's a cliff-like target for 2020 or whether it'll be some kind of phasing in over the first few years of the compliance period ultimately getting to 2030. But I don't think there's – I think there's very little chance we won't need to construct significant more generation in Virginia over the next 10 years to 15 years.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then just as far as the approval for Greensville County, can you give us a timeline for that? And then the RFP process for looking at merchant generators was that any different than Brunswick or Warren or was that pretty standard?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It was – we ran this typical RFP process. It's all done completely at arm's length. It was reviewed by independent parties and you'll see all that supported in the filing when it comes. We should have the approval on Greensville County early next year and then get under construction.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Tom, I know it's not a big amount of capital, but can you maybe give your thoughts on kind of the takeaways in the Artificial Island process and decision and maybe how that might affect some of the transmission investment decisions you guys might be looking at going forward?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Dan, it was interesting results, obviously, after a very long drawn out process. I'm not sure, to be honest with you, what it pertains to the future. We have our new Chairman – our new FERC Chairman is there. We'll have to see what emphasis there is on these kinds of projects. We'll continue to look at them. And if we think it makes sense for us to participate, we will. And it's hard for me to – I wouldn't want to try to judge much about the future of that one data point. But we're going to – I can understand why you would ask. We're all going to continue to watch it.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And I guess just on the stay out in Virginia with the legislation in place. Are there any major things you guys need to change operationally to be able to manage earning your ROE for such a long period without kind of the review process or something we should be watching change in strategy-wise out of the business?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there will be – just to make sure there's not a big deal, but there's nuance in this. There is a ROE reset in 2018. There is not in this biannual, and that will apply to the riders going forward. There's no earnings test, but there is a ROE review. We're just, Dan, I would just say that we will focus very carefully on how we manage the business and we expect to be able to balance the needs of our customers and our other constituency as – constituents as we go through the next five years.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And I guess just on the FERC pipeline investments, you guys have done a good job of finding opportunities in the last year or so. Are you seeing things popping up right now or bubbling out that were opportunities going to exist here forward or do you think the market is at a spot we are going to have to absorb what is in process before the next wave of announcements comes?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have a lot in process but Paul Koonce spends a lot of time day-to-day on this, so I'll let him answer the question.
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: Hey, Dan. Good morning. What is interesting is that people sort of look closely at the clean power plan. We're starting to see a lot of our business development effort shift towards providing supplies to combined cycle. So we're seeing it off of the Dominion East Ohio System up in Ohio. And of course, we're seeing it along the DTIs system along the East Maryland and Eastern Pennsylvania in those areas. So I think as we go forward in time, you'll hear us talking about combined cycle, gas supplies for combined cycle. That I think is going to be the next wave of growth.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And Paul, you see that being newbuild generation or rerouting to existing plants?
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President: No, I think we're seeing combination of both, but new build certainly is one area where we've seen a lot of activities. So our pipeline team is really spending a lot of time looking at the flexible services that generators need. So, for example, we've typically designed pipe to provide ratably over 24 hours. If you need to supply all of that in an eight-hour period, it's a little bit different design spec. So those are the things that we're looking at. It's not just repowering, it's newbuild as well.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve – I'm sorry, Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just on the farmout, was this something that was in your kind of rough guidance expectation for the year or was this kind of a new thing?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Steve. It's Mark. One of them was in our guidance for the year. The other one was an agreement that we have with a producer that was not in this year's guidance. And so that was $0.04 of the $0.07 difference, but that's kind of the breakdown.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, I think and just generally – not just this, but other pipelines – are just starting to see maybe a little bit more noise in terms of citing these pipelines and I guess some pressure at FERC. Is this – do you think this is like a big change or is this more just the nature of the fact that there is just a lot of building going on and so it is not really a big change?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Steve, I actually think it's a little bit of both. There is a lot of activity going on. And so – and I think the nature of the conversation has gotten louder. But when you back up and look at it, we've already surveyed nearly 80% of the right of way for the Atlanta Coast Pipeline. We've let out the making the steel. We're going to – we're doing looking on the construction projects. Now FERC has – this is what they do. They're very professional about this. They recognize their role. And I just think it's – the world has changed some for sure, but we'll see how it all goes on from here. But I think it is – there's going to be more noise around all pipeline.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Maybe just one last question, just the overall environment for the Dominion Midstream in terms of both G&P and new pipeline growth. Obviously, we have oil collapse, now it has stabilized some. Things keep changing, but would you say your overall market perspective is still the same as it was three months, six months ago? Has anything changed meaningfully?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Steve, I don't think anything's changed measurably. We had the drop-off in oil. It went down to mid-$40s [ph prop month (38:52), but the strip is back to – in the low-$60s for 2015, mid-$60s for 2016, 2017. So I think if oil continues to stabilize and recover, we have a growing confidence that a lot of the producers will start tying in a lot of these wells and continue to grow at least in the regions that we're operating in. That's why I mentioned earlier we're just going to have to wait and see till the fourth quarter or so as they work through. The wells are already been drilled and those – in that production. But I guess what makes us feel pretty good, if you look at the permitting in Ohio and Pennsylvania, West Virginia, you continue to add every month new permits and new growth. And so it's just going to come down to producer confidence on how quick they're going to tie in and what basins they're going to ship resources to. But it certainly looks like Marcellus and Utica are still the two prime regions to drill for gas oil and liquids if you're going to invest your capitals. So we'll see where we go between fourth quarter next year in terms of volumes.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just broadly speaking, can you maybe just provide a little bit of color on what you're seeing as far as muni and electric co-op opportunities. I think there's at least maybe one muni or electric co-op within the state that's helped public hearings as far as the potential sale? Little bit of color there will be good.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's Bristol you're referring to, which is in the far southwest part of the state, which is outside of our service territory. We have a – I think there are 14 electrics co-ops that are in our service territories, it's like that, and it's above 10. Now, they're all – we work very cooperatively with them. We're their transmission providers. We have a – they have a collective group that advise generation on the markets, some from us they own, some plants, they own part of North Anna with us and part of Clover. But that – I don't – I haven't heard any notion of that from any of the other co-ops other than or munis for that matter other than Bristol.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. It's a little bit preliminary, but just on Atlantic Coast, if you're seeing any potential opportunities to upsize that pipe to a little over 2 Bcfs per day. And then maybe just touch on some of the comments that came out of those potential reroutes of the pipeline.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As we've said about the – right now, it's a 1.5 Bcf pipe. It can be expanded to 2 Bcfs a day with just adding some compression to it. It's almost 100% sold out at the 1.5 Bcfs. And that's – we're just going to sit there for now until we get through this permitting process. There've been – and the second question was on the comments?
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right. (42:03)
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (42:04) reroutes.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We look at – this happens with every pipeline, whether it's 10 miles or 500 miles. We've already done over 100 small reroutes along the lines. It's one of the reasons why you go survey is to be able to meet with the landowners and they can express concerns about a particular – where you're touching their property. If you can figure out a way to change it to make it work for everybody, that's what we do. And then we're looking at 10. We've already adopted 10 major reroutes and looked at others. So this is all part of the process. This is why you go through the pre-filing process to make sure everybody gets the chance to be heard on it, and you can figure out what's the best approach. We've had – there've been almost 30 open houses and scoping meetings on this project so far, 7,500 people attending. And that's the natural outcome, is to have reroutes.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Turnure from JPMorgan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tom, did I hear you say that the legislation that was passed back in February, I think, allows for gas reserve by you guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. No.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I didn't touch on that at all. That's an interesting idea and we'll have to – we'll talk to our staff about the – staff at the State Corporation Commission – the Utility Commission staff to see what interest level they have in it. It's the kind of thing you would – we would want to have sort of stakeholder process to go through and see if people really wanted us to do that or not, but the legislation did not touch on that.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Do you think that you have the ability to do that without legislative approval if you wanted to proceed?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Possibly. But it's not something that I would think about with us right now.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my second question is on equity issuance. You mentioned in addition to the outstanding ATM that you're going to exhaust this year and the, I think, converts that you have coming due in the next couple years, you're potentially going to need $500 million to $1 billion of incremental equity through 2017 or 2018. Is there any update that you can provide us on that number or the timing there or the method by which you would want to issue them?
Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Chris, this is Mark. No, there's no additional update other than what we talked about at the Analyst Meeting. And you're exactly right. We said after we do the aftermarket, we could have potentially an equity need of $500 million to $1 billion over the next three years. But what we're watching closely in terms of influencing this is what's going to happen with bonus depreciation. If bonus depreciation were to be extended a year or two year, we would be a very large beneficiary of that because we have some very large projects underway that could well have a significant impact on any equity needs that will be remaining over the next three years. So stay tuned on that later this year and see what happens in Washington and then we'll be able to give some more clarity from 2016 and 2017.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just back on the farmouts, what is the expectation for server run rate on them for this year and next?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, we said at the Analyst Meeting that we saw about $500 million worth of earnings for farmouts over the planned period that we talked about.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right.
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's going to be – I think it's going to be a little lumpy depending on what region you're in. We've done most of our Marcellus farmouts already, so we're focused on that 180,000 acres of our Utica. We've had some strong interest in acreage there. But I think if you want to model it, I'd model a $100 million a year or so as you'll go through, but just knowing that depending on the timing of producers' interest, it could move around.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's a $100 million pre-tax?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Pre-tax.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the ISO New England, the new zones, I know you guys filed sort of protest or a complaint because of the process. But I was wondering if there was anything that you saw in those zones that the economic impact, if any, that you might be seeing as a result of the zones for the next capacity auction?
Thomas F. Farrell - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Dave Christian will go ahead an answer that for you.
David A. Christian - Executive Vice President & CEO-Dominion Generation: Yeah. We filed comments mostly regarding the process. We thought that there should been additional opportunity for some stakeholder input. So the way they went about it was a little unusual on our view. But our most sensitive unit up there, Millstone, stays in the Connecticut zone, and we don't see any meaningful changes there. The rest of it we're still evaluating, and it'd be too early to say if there's anything substantial. But I'm not seeing anything meaningful at this point in time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may now disconnect your line and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Thomas Hamlin – VP, IR and Financial Planning Mark McGettrick – EVP and CFO Tom Farrell – Chairman, President and CEO Paul Koonce – CEO, Energy Infrastructure Group David Christian – EVP and CEO, Dominion Generation Group 
Analysts:  Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you’ve not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning’s discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language, the earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our second quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2014, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 and Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the third quarter and our earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion reported operating earnings of $0.93 per share for the third quarter of 2014, which was below the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.90 to $1.05 per share. Mild summer temperatures and low humidity in our service territory one of mildest summers in the last 30 years had a significant impact on electric sales and revenues reducing operating earnings by $0.08 per share compared to normal. Excluding the impact of weather, third quarter operating earnings would have been at the upper end of our guidance range. Positive factors during the quarter were lower than expected operating and maintenance expenses and lower than expected interest expenses. Offsetting these positives were lower kilowatt hour sales due to mild weather and lower merchant margins. On a year-to-date basis, our 2014 weather normalized operating earnings were $0.10 per share better than the first nine months of 2013. GAAP earnings were $0.90 per share for the third quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a charge associated with a previously differed or capitalized cost related to a possible third unit at North Anna power station, offset by a number of items including higher returns from our nuclear decommissioning trusts. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earns can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment, at Dominion Virginia Power EBIT for the third quarter was $248 million which was below this guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales was below expectations due to the milder than normal weather. Excluding weather, sales for the quarter were consistent with a year-over-year expectation of 1% growth. Positive factors for the quarter were higher revenues from electric transmission and lower major storm and service restoration expenses. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $572 million in the third quarter which was below its guidance range. EBIT from utility generation was below expectation due to lower than expected kilowatt hour sales and lower than expected revenues from ancillary services. EBIT from merchant generation was slightly below expectations due to lower margins. Third quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $236 million which was above the top of its guidance range. Higher transportation and storage revenues and lower operating expenses drove the strong results. On a consolidated basis, our effective tax rate was about 33% for the quarter which was in line with our guidance. Interest expenses were lower than our expectations. Overall, we were pleased with our third quarter –to-date operating results. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, funds from operations were $2.8 billion for the first nine months of the year. We have $4.5 billion of credit facilities at the end of the third quarter. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter was $2.7 billion and taking into account cash and short term investments, we ended the quarter of liquidity $2 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see page 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans, during the third quarter we issued $1 billion of mandatory securities. The issue was very well received by the market and we thank those of you who participated. Also during the third quarter, we exchanged $1.2 billion of 144-A bonds issued by Dominion Gas Holdings last fall for registered securities. We expect another new debt issue of at least $1 billion for Dominion Gas in the fourth quarter. We were always looking for opportunities to optimize our capital structure and lower our financing cost. During the third quarter, we issued a notice of redemption for $685 million of hybrid junior subordinated debt replacing it with similar security in October which lowered our annual interest expense by about $18 million. We also called all of the remaining $134 million of outstanding Virginia Electric and Power Company preferred stock. You can expect us to undertake similar actions in the future to take advantage of the current interest environment. Finally, we successfully completed the initial public offering of limited partner common units and Dominion Midstream Partners earlier this month. Despite a volatile environment for stocks in general and MLPs in particular we were able to complete the transaction and offering price that translated into a record low IPO yield for an operating master limited partnership beating the previous record by nearly 40 basis points. Net proceeds of just under $400 million will be used to help fund construction of our Cove Point liquefaction project. Dominion Midstream Partners now trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker DM and we have been pleased with its market performance since the offering. DM will make its first 10-Q filing in November and we plan to discuss its quarterly results and take questions for analysts covering the MLP during Dominion’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. Now to earnings guidance, our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2014 is $0.80 to $0.90 per share compared to $0.80 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013. A breakdown of the positive and negative drivers of our guidance is shown on slide seven. Positive factors for the quarter compared to last year plus higher revenues from our lighter projects, higher earnings from our farm out transactions at Dominion Energy. Sales growth at Virginia Power a return to normal weather and better margins from a merchant fleet due to existing hedges. Negative factors include every fueling outage at Millstone Unit 3 and higher DD&A expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the year remains, $3.35 to $3.65 per share. Through the first nine months of the year, operating earnings were up $0.15 per share or 6% over last year. Combining year-to-date operating earnings for the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance range and the year-to-date net weather of $0.04 was full year projected operating earnings in the middle of our guidance range. As to hedging you can see our hedge position on page 27 of the earnings release kit since our last earnings call, we have made modest additions to our hedges at Millstone for both 2015 and 2016, improving the average weighted hedge value of prices for both years. So let me summarize our financial review. Operating earnings were $0.93 for the third quarter of 2014, excluding the $0.08 per share impact of mild weather, earnings would have been at the upper end of our guidance range. Our financings plans for the remainder of 2014 include a debt offering for Dominion Gas Holdings. Our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2014 is $0.80 or $0.90 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year remains $3.35 to $3.65 per share. And finally, we plan to host a meeting for analysts and investors on Monday February 9, in New York at Waldorf Astoria Hotel. At this meeting, we plan to discuss the long term growth strategy for both Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners. Given the longer term construction schedule for Cove Point and the Atlantic Coast Pipeline which we plan to contribute to the MLP, our presentation will cover our expectations beyond the normal five year time horizon. We will detail Dominion Midstream’s long term distribution growth rate which we believe were among the best in class. We will also outline our plant drop down strategy for DM and outlined how the cash flows from the future drop downs Dominion share of the LP units and our general partner interest will be used to enhance Dominion’s earnings and dividend growth rates. In addition, we expect MLP cash flows will allow us to strengthen our balance sheet. By addressing all of these areas in February, investors will readily see the significant incremental value the MLP affords to Dominion shareholder. We hope you’ll be able to attend. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell: Good morning. Our business units delivered strong operational and safety performance in the third quarter. Year-to-date recordables for Dominion Power are at an all time historic low our performance at the other business units is consistent with our targets for the year. Our nuclear play continues to operate well. The net capacity factor of our six units was 94.4% for the first nine months of the year. We completed two refueling outages in the second quarter and are completing two more in the fourth quarter. We continue to make significant progress on our growth plan. Construction of the 1,300 29 megawatt Warren County combined cycle plant on plant and on budget. Start up and commissioning activities are underway and all of the units have completed first fire and have successfully synchronized for the grid. Project is expected to be operational later this year. Construction of the 1,358 megawatt combines cycle facility confronts with Brunswick County is well underway. There are approximately 975 workers on site the combustion turbines and generators have been set on their foundations and the construction of the air cools condensers is progressing. Overall construction is about 35% complete is on budget and on time for our mid 2016 commercial operation date. With plans to filing to the Virginia state corporation commission in the first half of next year for a CPCN and a rig rider for our next major generating project another large three on one combined cycle plant scheduled for service by 2019. Construction is also on schedule for six schedule projects totaling 139 megawatts purchased earlier this year from the current energy. There are over 1,300 workers on site in construction is well underway 100% of the posts are installed and over 96% of the 1.3 million solar panels are in place. We continue to make progress on our two Tennessee solar projects as well. The summer project was placed in service on October 22nd. All of these California and Tennessee facilities are expected to reach commercial operation later this year. In the third quarter, Dominion part two additional solar projects in California. These acquisition on the long term purchase agreements and are expected to qualify for the federal investment tax credit in 2015. Once constructed these additional projects will bring our total generating portfolio 274 megawatts. At Dominion Virginia Electric Power we have a number of electric transmission projects of various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the third quarter 187 million of transmission assets were placed into service. The year-to-date in service total is almost 700 million and we expect to place over $900 million of new transmission assets into service by the end of this year. Electric transmissions capital budget for growth projects including maintenance as well as security related investments will average over $600 million per year through at least the remainder of the decade. Progress on our growth plan continues as well. The Allegheny Storage, Western Access 1 and Natrium to Market expansion projects will be in service tomorrow all on time and on budget. Since last year we have announced nine produced round of projects totaling nearly 2 billion cubic feet per day of capacity. Of the nine four have been placed into service with the fifth expected tomorrow. The remaining four will be in service by year end 2016. They all were on time and on budget. Since our last earning call, Dominion Transmission signed an agreement for another farmout project from which we allow producers in the Marcellus Basin to drill for gas in and around our storage wells. These projects provide multiple earnings stream for Dominion including famous for mineral rights royalties on productions as well as transportation and potential processing business. This farm out covers 24,000 acres of Marcellus development rights and these are upward storage period in Pennsylvania. Our agreement provides payments to DTI of approximately $120 million over four years and a 5% overwriting royalty interest in gas produced in the acreage. Portions of Northern Pennsylvania has seen drilling attention from producers since two significant production wells were drilled by shale in the deeper dry gas Utica formation. We have a number of storage reservoirs in this area and in order to exploring additional farm out opportunities. In September, we announced the Atlantic Coast Pipeline a transformational infrastructure project designed to bring much needed natural gas supply and reliability to utilities in Virginia in North Carolina. The pipeline would support new electric generation being developed by Duke Energy and Virginia Power as well as to support growing LDC gas demand. The pipeline would be on by joint venture of its principal customers the mineral own 5% will be the constructor and the operator of the pipeline. Duke Energy will own 40% and be the largest customer. Piedmont Natural Gas will own 10% and AGL Resources of Virginia Natural Gas will own 5%. The 550 mile pipeline starts in West Virginia and passes portions of Virginia and North Carolina including some areas currently without gas service terminating about 50 miles from the south Carolina border. The estimated cost of the pipeline was 4.5 5 billion. Currently about 91% of 1.5 billion cubic feet per day initial capacity of the pipeline will be under 20 year firm contracts with the four owners of the joint venture as well as public service company of North Carolina. Last week we began a binding open season for the remainder of the capacity. While initially 1.5 billion cubic feet per day ACP is expandable to over 2 billion cubic feet per day with additional pressure. We will initiate the first three filing process today and expect to make the formal filing with in September of next year. Assuming a normal timeframe for approval we expect to be able to begin construction through the fall of 2016 and be in service by November 2018. We’ve already hosted 13 town hall meetings and surveyed 70% of the . We have begun solicitations for several engineering and procurement activities including large diameter pipe. We have received this and expect to award these long lead items by year-end. We are pleased with the progress to-date and with the reaction of public policy makers to this critically important reliability project. In current with the open season for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, we were also conducting a binding open season for a related wholly owned Dominion transmission opportunity called the supply header project. As envisioned in our open season announcement this project is designed to connect the origination point of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline with five supply points using expanded compression about 40 miles of pipeline looping. It is expected to have capacity of 1.5 billion cubic feet per day. The estimated cost of project is $500 million and it will be in service at the same time as the pipeline. The ACP customers have all expressed interest in taking capacity on the supply header project. The Utica region continues to be very active. Through the middle of October a total of 1,560 horizontal unit permits have been issued and 1,122 wells have been drilled, an increase of 50% wells permitted 65% wells drilled so far this year. The number of producing wells has increased by 125% of 270 to 607 so far this year. Our Blue Racer joint venture continues to execute its business plan. Currently two processing facilities each with the capacity process 200 million cubic feet of natural gas per day or in service. The third plant was scheduled to be operational this quarter and the fourth plant is scheduled for early in the second quarter of next year. Blue Racer is also planned for fifth processing plant which is expected to be in service in September of next year bringing its total processing capacity to 1 billion cubic feet per day. Fractionation capacity also been expanded from 46,000 barrels per day to 123,000 barrels that project will be completed in the second quarter of next year. We are very pleased with the success of Blue Racer and will provide an updated business plan at our February Analyst meet. Now an update on our Cove Point Liquefaction project, in September 29 we received court approval to construct and operate Cove Point. The order contains 79 conditions which were identified as part of the environmental assessment. We accepted the order the following day, Berk issued authorizations for construction of offside areas A and B and we began activities immediately. On Wednesday we received authorization to begin initial site preparation at the terminal itself. We authorized our EPC contract to begin construction activities that same day. The project is estimated cost of 3.4 to 3.8 billion and it’s targeted to be in service in late 2017. As of September 30, the projects on budget the engineering was 62% complete and a procurement of critical equipment is on schedule. So to summarize our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance. The Warren County and Brunswick County construction projects are perceiving on time and on budget. Our Blue Racer joint venture Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Transmission continue to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the Marcellus and Utica share regions. Dominion along with its joint venture partner will develop the Atlantic Coast Pipeline a transformational infrastructure project to bring new supplies of natural gas to the Southeastern United States. We’ve also commenced an open season for the $500 million applied at a project. We have begun construction of the Cove Point with the fractio we lost Dominion Midstream partners at the lowest yield in the history of operating MLP IPO. And finally we look forward to updating all of you on our long term growth strategy for Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners Analyst Meeting in New York with particular emphasis on both our potential earnings growth as well dividends for us. Thank you and we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Michael Weinstein with UBC O’Connor.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Actually, Julien here. So first if you could talk really briefly just focusing on the results actually quickly what is the normalize number you hear for 2014 just broadly speaking. If you were to kind of take out those weather impacts year-to-date?
Thomas Farrell: Weather is down about 4 to 5 times Julien so no to you today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Gotcha. Excellent. And then secondly just broadly as you think about the opportunities before could you perhaps lay out a little bit time on here for your pipelines Atlantic and perhaps thought process about future pipes and opportunities across your footprint. I’m thinking specifically here is there an opportunity to address Northeast basis given your coverage into that market as well. We have crossed the pipeline business at Dominion East Ohio Dominion Transmission through the joint venture we now have Atlantic Coast Pipeline you get the Blue Racer joint venture all of them have multiple opportunity to expand the Atlantic Coast Pipeline itself is starting off 1.5 it can go to 2 but not very much additional work. The governors of West Virginia North Carolina a lot of people about very excited about the economic development opportunities having that new source of gas supply and reliability pool will provide those state. So those are all areas Marcellus and Utica we have lots of storage assets where potential farm outs exists. But I guess specifically your question about the northeast base one thing sooner or later form will make some decision about fracing in New York states obviously we don’t know how that will come out. We have a lot of asset in New York state but specifically Northeast Basin that would be difficult push for us I think really just to be frank about it, it’s a long way from where we are and it would be difficult for us to compete other pipes. And they have a very difficult chicken and egg problem into England as everybody on the phone is aware. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a perfect example we have 20 year NGUs and contracts take or pay and that’s sufficient for us to get a permit and just by the economics of the pipe and that’s a difficult thing in the New England market to get that kind of assurance but pipeline operator. Hope that answers your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Yeah. Just hitting the Atlantic Pipeline more directly though as you think about when do you think you’d get some comfort on getting that incremental half of subscription what are you looking for are there key RSPs out there that are kind of the incremental subscribers? I wouldn’t take out a particular date for you Julien but I think the pipeline won’t come online until November of ‘18 to increase the capacity even between now and then just to take some additional compression. So there’s lots to do and you have governors running around like crazy you got all these announcements in the European countries moving manufacturing slows the United States because of oil energy prices. And of course the other carbon role coming which shall be final in about eight months EPA has given every indication that they are going to issue not completing like summer. You get one year to file your steps so long people this pipeline comes off there is going to be a lot of clarity around the effects of getting from a card breakdown.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Tom on the Marcellus farmout you guys announced this quarter can you may be give little more color on how many more acres are expected you projects you guys have been considering in that bucket and then with this project in particular the 120 million over four years where is the cash flow the earnings from you guys beyond four years?
Tom Farrell: I’ll let Mark can answer the question about cash flow and earnings after four years we still have the royalty payments after that time. But we have I’d just say at this point Dan the farmouts today have been the Marcellus so that’s one thing to concern we have not form about any Utica acreage which is below the Marcellus and the same acreage. And I think it’s easier to just say thing where have we tens of thousands acreage across the system as far as this particular farmout Mark?
Mark McGettrick: Yeah, Dan I think we showed it on slide, $120 million in terms of lease payments, over the four year period or so, all of the farm outs we have and that we’re looking at are structured in a similar manner where we’ll get multi-year payments for the opportunity to drill in and around the storage. On top of that, we’ll have an ongoing royalty payment based on a production coming out of the ground and our hope is that we’ll also be able to gather, we’ll have incremental revenues in gathering and depending on what region is potentially processing. But we see four potential revenue streams from it. We’ll have it in fourth quarter here about a $0.06 benefit from the initial lease payment and that will continue to say for another three to four years.
Dan Egger – Credit Suisse: So you get $0.06 in the fourth quarter and then it will normalize after that one time uplift and then normal beyond that mark?
Mark McGettrick: I’d assume in the last three years of contract for modeling purposes I’ll spread it.
Dan Egger – Credit Suisse: I guess the next question is kind of on generation with 2019 [inaudible]. Where does that put you guys, as far as is this being added to keep up with demand or is it still working against your short capacity in Virginia?
Tom Farrell: Working against the short capacity.
Dan Egger – Credit Suisse: Tom your perspective changes in RPM rules, is there any motivation for you to look at may be accelerating that short position so that you can get out of paying capacity back to PJM because it’s more expensive?
Tom Farrell: Dan we’re always looking at these things. You can look at our IRP there’s a variety of alternatives there. We’re trying to balance the needs for reliability against the increased cost of our customers. I mean theoretically I think we probably could have built all three, we could have built Warren, Brunswick 2019 CC all at the same time and we could have justified that I think. I’m sure we could have justified that. But that would have had a very significant impact on our customers. We try to balance it so that the impacts are reasonable.
Dan Egger – Credit Suisse: I guess one last question solar investments have gone pretty well in the outside. How are you guys thinking about that over the next couple of years, is it going to be accelerate or have you guys thought about expanding that program from what the original targets were?
Tom Farrell: We’ve been looking very hard at solar and I think leave it, in February we will give you an update on our longer term strategy around solar. We have a lot of ideas what to do with it both in and out of our service territory, that we’ll try to explain in more depth in February.
Dan Egger – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Hi, thanks. Dan asked my main question, but I guess just on the utility business. Could you just give us an update kind of the when you need to file your next Biennial and how you feel about your composition around the utility business?
Tom Farrell: Good morning. The next Biennial is due I guess it’s March 30th how many days are there March, whatever it is, last day of March of 2015 and investment normal cycle when we make the filing and then the commission order I think it’s by December 1st, ‘15. I remember at first we were – we did not over earn in the last Biennial Review, so you have the ‘13 ‘14 that will be reviewed year is not over, the two year cycles not over. We have had significant write-offs with the North Anna plant etcetera and very mild weather. But in order for there to be some base rate impact, you’d have to over earn in ‘13 ‘14 cycle and the ‘15 ‘16 cycle. It has to be two consecutive Biennial Review.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group Inc.: Thanks. Good morning guys. Couple of questions, I was just running some basic math off of your earnings book, if we normalize for weather based on your disclosures you would have been I just want to make sure these numbers are right 269 at the Virginia Power weather normal for the quarter and that Dominion Generation you would have been 625? Those numbers sound right on a weather normal basis?
Tom Farrell: If you look at, I think that’s in the range. Offline we’ll get with you on the details for each of the business, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group Inc.: Okay, because I just want to baseline that as I look forward. And then my second question is on completely different subject, on the Atlantic Coast pipeline, we’ve gotten some push back from people who cover E&P are saying the cost of transporting gas on that pipeline based on your costs looks really prohibitive relative to the cost of moving gas on other new pipeline projects, few other trunk mines for the producers. I know you say you’re 90% subscribed but you’re 90% subscribed by consumers. So how is the transportation cost of this gas going to be dealt with? Should we assume that the LBCs on the consuming end of the pipe are going to bear some of the cost of transportation if indeed, the producers can move the gas cheaper on other pipes?
Tom Farrell: Greg, I think the short answer is I’d go back to a year whoever is giving you the pushback you tell them they really don’t have much idea what they’re talking about. It was very competitively fit pipeline, there were six bidders. The off-take contracts are from regulated utilities that some of them power generation, some of them local gas distribution companies all of which will be dealt with in the regulatory process. But it is a very competitively priced pipeline and the transportation costs are very competitive. Let Paul Koonce give you more detail.
Paul Koonce: Greg, I think one thing you need to recall is that this is straight rate design, so the variable costs to move gas, is essentially going to be the fuel cost. So when producers are looking at the net back transporting on this line it will be enormously competitive because the customers who have contracted for the capacity are really paying the demand charges, the producers aren’t paying anything.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group Inc.: Gotcha. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies and Company.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Thank you very much. I guess first question is just I guess simple math, if I take the $0.80 to $0.90, you’re basically looking at an annual number that is going to be between, $3.39 and $3.49. I mean is that a current read for the full year?
Tom Farrell: I think that’s a correct read.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Okay, because you’re maintaining obviously a much wider guidance range and I’m just not quite sure I understand why.
Tom Farrell: Yeah Paul, we have historically not changed our guidance range unless we were to fall outside of our guidance range which I can’t recall that we ever have. So we always try to put a guidance range out in the way we feel comfortable in land-in and then the variables typically for us weather up or down or where you move in that range, and not know what the rest of this year would be weather wise we could move up or down in it. But we feel what we knew today and what the actual earnings were in the third quarter, then the $0.80 and $0.90 range was reasonable. Again weather can move that higher or weather can potentially move it lower, depending on how November and December turn out.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: And then are you going to recognize any tax benefits from the close out of IRS past year audits in the fourth quarter and were those already recognized? It looks like in the second quarter you had a pretty good tax contribution.
Tom Farrell: Over the last couple of years, Paul, we have been very fortunate to have closed out a number of legacy IRS audits to our benefit most of that work is done. So I would not expect in the fourth quarter to have much of any benefit from incremental audit close out. We’re almost caught up. We’re actually working on 2013 all the legacy years and resolve the IRS. Again, I would assume that benefit would not be there in the fourth quarter as it might have been in previous years.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: I’m a little confused on whether the merchant generation margin is up or down because if you look at page 10 of your reconciliation for the third quarter ‘13 it looks like it’s a penny positive but it’s in your slide presentation it’s a negative driver.
Tom Farrell: Yeah, quarter over quarter, it was higher than last year but it was slightly lower than what was in our guidance. So that’s the difference between two references.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: And do you have any thoughts on potential new build announcements in New England and have you looked at sort of generation yourself at a potential investment opportunity in New England.
Tom Farrell: No we have not. We got enough to do with our pipeline and our regulated utility business but I can see why others might be interested. But I think Paul it’s outside our interest level at this point.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: And last question for me, what was weather normalized growth at VEPCO?
Tom Farrell: For the quarter, for the year?
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Year-to-date?
Tom Farrell: Okay. Weather normalized, 1% at VEPCO right where it’s been tracking here for the past several quarters. We had a very solid third quarter and just kind of a quick synopsis of it. Residential has been very solid the whole year, commercial has been flat to slightly negative aside from data centers and industrial has been very solid so we feel really good about the 1% and again we see a growing improvement in sales as we go forward. I think year end we’ll be right on that.
Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Question on what you’ve been saying about the Analyst Day, on the September conference you said you would be talking about long term EPS and dividend growth and the MLP and just the strategy generally. And then I think on today’s call I think I heard you use the word enhance the long term growth rate which I haven’t heard you say before. So I guess my question is, does enhance mean firmer or does it mean potentially increase?
Tom Farrell: Well we’ll talk about this more in February but as we’ve looked at the cash flows over the past six months or so, that are going to be distributed out of the MLP we are very bullish both dividend and EPS growth rates and we’ll expand on that more in February.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Right. Thank you. That was it.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just a few quick follow ups. On the demand side, there was an article indicating that there has been a delay of 60 days in an Virginia underground mine because of a difference it seems in terms of demand not a different but I guess there is a delay because I guess it seems that there is a delay because you’re waiting for PJM to come out with its demand forecast in December and I guess there was some difference within your perhaps what the demand forecast might be in order to support the project. Could you talk about that little bit?
Tom Farrell: I’ll let Paul Koonce will deal with that.
Paul Koonce: Yeah good morning Paul. We are aware that PJM every year puts out their forecast in December we’re getting so closed to that time. Just to assure the community that our planting is solid. We’re just going to wait for our forecast. We don’t expect any change in plans so really it’s just one we’re so close. There’s been a lot of community dialogue about that. We just want to move forward.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I gotcha. Thanks for the clarity. Then in terms of being short and the capacity performance product that’s been proposed, I haven’t seen you guys specific comments on it and may be because I missed it, because there is so many comments. But how do you guys view that as basically regulated utility short that seems how do you look at those capacity performance product from the Virginia power perspective? Any thoughts about that in terms of, anything you can share about that from your perspective?
Tom Farrell: I’ll let Christian handle that question.
David Christian: As you know that’s a work in progress and we can certainly appreciate the efforts the PJM is undertaking to enhance the reliability in light of what happened during the polar vortex. That said, we’ve been participant and stakeholder in that process and we believe that, PJM is receptive to some of the comments that we have made. I’ll note that in our performance last year during the polar vortex was far better than PJM as a whole and anything they come up with it has to do with the operational reliability generation plays to our strength. So we look forward to participating in that process and we’ll see what the outcome is.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: There was a proposal by some state to have an FRR carve out and I was just wondering with the amount of capacity that you guys have been adding and what have you, is that something you guys might think about or was it just too early to say?
David Christian: We look at the FRR carve out and we evaluate that but frankly as it relates to the 19cc we would see the exemption under self supply is more likely the option.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I appreciate. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Thomas Hamlin – VP, IR Mark McGettrick – EVP and CFO Thomas Farrell – Chairman, President and CEO Paul Koonce – EVP and CEO, Energy Infrastructure Group
Analysts:  Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Greg Gordon – ISI Group Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Paul Fremont – Jefferies Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO and other members of senior management. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. During this call we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning’s discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language, the earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call we will discuss some measures of our Company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our second quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter and full year 2014, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 and Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the second quarter and our earnings guidance for the third quarter and full year 2014. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion reported operating earnings of $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2014, which was in the upper half of our guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Excluding the $0.02 per share impact of mild or the normal weather second quarter operating earnings would have been at the top of our guidance range. Positive factors during the quarter were lower than expected operating and maintenance expenses, lower than expected interest expenses and a lower effective tax rate. Offsetting these positives were lower kilowatt hour sales due to mind weather and the impact of our unplanned outage at our Millstone nuclear plant. On the year-to-date basis our 2014 operating earnings are $0.22 per share better than the first-half of 2013. GAAP earnings were $0.27 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a $191 million charge associated with Virginia legislation signed into law in April that permits Virginia Power to recover through base rates 70% of the cost previously deferred or capitalized through the end of last year relating to the development of third nuclear unit at North Anna and the development of offshore wind facilities. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment; at Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the second quarter was $243 million, which was below the midpoint of its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were below expectations largely due to milder than normal weather. Excluding weather, sales were up about 1% year-to-date, somewhat below expectations. Second quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $215 million, which was near the top of its guidance range. Higher transportation and storage revenues and lower operating expenses drove the strong results. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $306 million in the second quarter, which was below the midpoint of its guidance range. EBIT from utility generation was below expectations due to lower than expected kilowatt hour sales reflecting mild weather. EBIT from merchant generation was impacted by an unplanned outage at Millstone. A loss of offsite power caused both units to shut down automatically as designed. Millstone unit 2 was unavailable for three days and unit 3 was unavailable for nine days. On a consolidated basis, our effective tax rate was 31% for the quarter, which was below our guidance of 33%. Interest expenses were also a little lower than our expectations. Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date operating results. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, funds from operations were $1.7 billion for the first half of the year. Regarding liquidity; we had $4.5 billion of credit facilities at the end of the second quarter. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $3.2 billion. And taking into account cash and short-term investments we ended the quarter with liquidity of $1.6 billion. During the second quarter we executed final agreements with our existing credit providers to increase our credit lines by $1 billion from $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion, the terms of which will run for five years. Gas Holdings was also added as a potential borrower under these facilities. For statements of cash flow and liquidity please see pages 14 and 25 of their earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans, earlier this month we issued $1 billion of mandatory convertible securities. The issue was very well received by the market and we thank those of who participated. During the second quarter, we also filed the Dominion Gas Holding’s S4 registration statement with the SEC. This quarter’s 10-Q filing will include financials for Dominion Gas for the first time. The $1.2 billion of 144A bonds issued last fall are expected to be exchanged for registered securities next week. We’ve also filed a combined Shelf registration for future debt issuances including expectations for debt issue of approximately $1 billion for Dominion Gas in the fourth quarter. On March 28th we filed an S-1 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for initial public offering of common units representing limited partner interest in Dominion Midstream Partners LP, a master limited partnership whose initial asset will be a preferred equity interest in Cove Point. We expect to commence the offering later this quarter after receiving work approval to begin construction of the Cove Point export project. Now to earnings guidance. Our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2014 is $0.90 to $1.05 per share compared to $1 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Mild weather impacted last year’s third quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. Last year’s results also included $0.07 per share from the contribution of the TL 388 pipeline to Blue Racer. The midpoint of this year’s third quarter guidance range is flat to last year’s results when normalized for weather and the asset drop. Positive factors for the quarter included returns in normal weather, higher revenues from our Rider projects and higher merchant generation margins. Offsetting factors include higher interest expenses and higher operating and maintenance expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the year remains at $3.35 to $3.65 per share. Through the first half of the year we are up $0.22 per share or 15% over last year. As to hedging you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call we have made no changes to our hedges at Millstone. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2014, in the upper half our guidance range. Excluding the impact of mild weather, earnings would have been at the top of our range. Lower than expected operating expenses, interest and taxes offset mild weather and the impact of the unplanned outage at Millstone. Year-to-date operating earnings were $0.22 per share or 15% higher than a comparable period in 2013. Our financing plans for the remainder of 2014 include a debt offering for Dominion Gas Holdings and the initial offering of Dominion Midstream Partners. And finally our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2014 is $0.90 to $1.05 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year remains $3.35 to $3.65 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning. Our business units delivered strong operational and safety performance in the second quarter. Our nuclear fleet continues to operate well completing two refueling outages last quarter. As Mark mentioned a loss of offsite power triggered an automatic shutdown at Millstone power station on May 25. The loss was due to a problem with the local utilities of substations not the generating facility and backup emergency diesel generator maintained both units in a safe and stable condition until offsite power was restored. We continue to make progress on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined-cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget. Start-up and commissioning activities are underway and one of the combustion turbines completed first fire last week. The project is about 90% complete and is expected to be in service during the fourth quarter. Last August we began construction of the 1,358 megawatt combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County Virginia and expect that plant to be in service by mid-2016. Currently there are about 680 workers on the site. Procurement is 92% complete and all major equipment has been delivered. Overall construction is about 20% complete and is on time and on budget. The conversion of Bremo Units 3 and 4 from coal to natural gas was completed during the second quarter on time and on budget. Construction is also on schedule for six solar projects totaling 139 megawatts purchased earlier this year from Recurrent Energy. Long term power purchase, interconnection, engineering, procurement and construction as well as operation and maintenance agreements have been executed for each of the projects. All these facilities are expected to reach commercial operation later this year. In the second quarter Dominion acquired two solar development projects in Tennessee and announced plans to acquire [seven] projects in California latter this year. These acquisitions will bring our total solar generating portfolio to 232 megawatts. Once constructed, all of these projects are expected to qualify for the federal investment tax credit. We’re working on identifying and acquiring additional solar projects to support our plan to grow the company’s solar portfolio by up to 250 megawatts this year. At Dominion Virginia Power we have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the second quarter $394 million of transmission assets were placed into service, including the Mt. Storm to Doubs 500 KV rebuilt project which was finished a year early. Year-to-date in service total is over $500 million. Electric transmission’s capital budget for growth projects, including [inaudible] maintenance and security related investments continues to remain strong through the remainder of the decade. Progress on our growth plans for Dominion Energy continues as well. Construction is underway on the Allegheny Storage Project and we have begun to accept injections. Construction is also underway on our Natrium-to-Market project. Both of these are on budget and on schedule to commence full service by November. We’ve had continued success in providing incremental transportation service as a result of the growing production within our region. We described these as producer outlet projects taking advantage of the flexibility of Dominion Energy’s pipeline network to provide incremental services with shorter lead times and relatively small capital investment. Dominion Energy signed agreements for two new expansion projects during the second quarter; the [inaudible] project and Western Access 2. Since last year we have announced nine such projects totaling just under 2 billion cubic feet per day by 2016. Two of the projects [Whitey Receipts] and Lebanon II were replaced into service in June both on time and on budget. On our last call we announced that Dominion Southeast reliability project, a non-binding open season for firm transportation services through a new pipeline expanding from the Marcellus and Utica production regions to markets in Virginia and North Carolina. This proposed 42 inch pipeline would extend approximately 550 miles. The Southeast project is designed to provide initial service of up to 1.5 billion cubic feet per day. The response has been very strong. We’re in negotiations with multiple parties and hope to secure necessary agreements to solidify our project plan within the next 60 days. Subject to the conclusion on negotiations we expect to submit a FERC pre-filing in the fourth quarter with firm transportation service available as early as November 2018. The Utica region continues to be very active. Through the middle of July a total of 1,386 horizontal Utica permits have been issued and 942 wells have been drilled, an increase of 33% in wells permit and 39% in wells drilled so far this year. The number of producing wells has increased by 75% from 270 to 472 also in just the past six months. A second, 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant at Blue Racer’s Natrium facility became operational in the second quarter and based on new wells coming online should be at full capacity soon. Fractionation capacity at Natrium will be expanded from 46,000 barrels per day to 126,000 barrels by March of next year. In addition a 2 million cubic per day processing plant at Burn, Ohio is presently under construction and is expected to begin operations in the fourth quarter. Now an update on our Cove Point project, in May the Maryland Public Service Commission approved the CPCM an air permit. Last week we received approval from the State Board of Public Works to construct a temporary pier. On May 15, FERC issued its environmental assessment. We expect to receive FERC order approving the project in the next few weeks and begin construction shortly thereafter. The Cove Point Liquefaction is expected to begin operations during the fourth quarter of 2017. Before I answer questions I want to comment on the recent Greenhouse Gas emission goals introduced by the environmental protection agency. As you know EPAs proposed guidelines for states to follow in developing plans to reduce tier two emissions from existing power plants. We like other utilities are evaluating the guidelines and the proposed state reduction targets. We certainly believe it will increase the industry’s utilization of natural gas current production which in turn should increase the need for pipelines and other related infrastructure. As the states develop and the EPA approves their respective compliant plans we will continue to evaluate the challenges and the many opportunities these changes will bring. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the second quarter. The Warren county and Brunswick construction projects are proceeding on time and on budget. Our Blue Racer joint venture Dominion East, Ohio and Dominion Transmission continue to capitalize some of the growth opportunities in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions. We look forward to receiving our remaining regulatory approval, to begin construction of our Cove Point Liquefaction project. And finally we look forward to our initial public offering by Dominion midstream partners later this quarter. Thank you and we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we’ll open the floor for questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Can you hear me?
Thomas Farrell: We can hear you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent so first just a little bit of clarity on the Southeast project if we could, can you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics obviously you talked about a pretty expedited timeline here to get the details. Could you just frame it little bit, where you’re thinking about those customers and how you’re seeing competitors frame up, I mean it seems like you’re down at the end of the fairway here in terms of getting the project off the ground now?
Thomas Farrell: Good morning. We are, as I said in negotiations with a number of parties. We expect to assuming they are successful conclude all that within the next 60 days. It’s a big pipe, it’s 550 miles, 42 inches is a big pipe, initial sizing would contemplate $1.5 billion or 1.5 billion a day of capacity. That necessarily means we’re concentrating on end users rather than producers. There’s two ways to go about that, one is to get demand from producers. But producers got to sell to somebody. So our concentration is on developing a pipe that would be useful for end users. But it all we’ll have to see how it goes but we expect to conclude all of that within about 60 days.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent, can you just clarify quickly when it comes to in next few weeks what exactly is your expectation for approval. This is in theory outside of the context of an open meeting for Cove Point?
Thomas Farrell: The next meeting your point Julien of course has assumed incorrectly that FERC does not have a public meeting in August, their next public meeting is in September. So the answer to your question is yes. FERC actually does most of its orders these days Julien outside the public meetings. The commentary had closed in June. All the comments have been posted and they are going through their work. They work very diligently at FERC year around. So we’re hopeful that we would get what we would call a notational approval in next few weeks. If not that would take us through the public meeting in September.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent and then the last detail do you almost had the solar mile marker you set for yourself here, why 250 in terms of total megawatts, I mean is there a potential of scale of the renewables business little bit more is that really kind of what the tax have to take cost for?
Thomas Farrell: It doesn’t have anything to do with the tax upside. We saw 250 was a number that would allow us to get really experience with a variety of different technologies in different places to see how they work and we’re continuing to evaluate our solar strategy as we go through the balance of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent thank you very much.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks good afternoon Julien covered a couple of my questions, can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in terms of whether normal demand sorry if I missed you earlier in the presentation I hopped on a little late but in particular it looks like industrial sales were up quite substantially in the quarter, and have you seen your business get back on track after the setbacks we saw last year because of the government issues?
Mark McGettrick: Greg this is Mark. Actually we’re little disappointed with sales year-to-date. We had hoped to be on a weather normalized basis about 1.5% sales growth this year over last and we’re lagging that down around 1%. We had seen very strong industrial sales growth, although again industrial processes are pretty small piece of the pie. We’ve also seen extremely strong datacenter growth but at the same time our residential and smaller commercial growth has lagged what we would have expected to be the growth rate. So right now we’re looking at about 1% and we hope these other two areas recover as we ramp up throughout the year and to just remind you of the sensitivity a 1% change in sales for us depending on customer class is between $0.04 and $0.05, so manageable number for us but we like to see a little stronger.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay so you’re talking about a $0.02 or $0.03 issue if you are 50 basis points behind?
Mark McGettrick: If we finish at on 1% versus 1.5% that’s right.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay do you have any sense of what’s driving the shortfall in residential, was it just slower than expected growth in housing, is it higher than expected conservation, is it distributed DG or is it too difficult an analysis to nail that down?
Mark McGettrick: No, I think we lean much more toward – housing is not recovering quite as quickly as we thought. Although we have growth in new connects year-over-year it’s not like we’ve had historically so we’re going to need to have more new housing starts to be able to achieve the residential growth rate that we want.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great, can I ask one follow up question on the pipeline project here, your body language is pretty strong on being able to get to the finish line on a rather large project, there are competing projects in the region, what gives you the confidence that you have the competitive advantage on this pipe to bring the commercial viability?
Thomas Farrell: Well Greg, first good morning, there are a lot of gas; there is a lot of infrastructure even to get out of the basin. So that would necessarily conclude that only one pipe lever be built out of the basin. And you have to draw your conclusions, we had a very successful open season and we are working hard to conclude it within the next 60 days.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks guys, take care.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah hi good morning just first, I know every fall you guys give your kind of five year CapEx update and I’m sure now not the time to go through the details of that but maybe at a high level you can talk a little bit about thematically where things are headed there?
Thomas Farrell: Steve you’re correct. We typically give an update on five year capital outlook in the fall and we would expect to continue that trend this fall. I think by way of comparison as we commented quickly we had another year or two but we expect our capital expenditures actually be up over the five year period from what you saw last year. We’ve announced a lot of new projects particularly in our energy business, we’ve announced the solar projects this year and so we would expect CapEx to be up as we present this fall.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just one technical issue, you mentioned normal weather in terms of your guidance for Q3 and the rest of the year and seems like it’s been anything but that. So just as you are thinking about kind of the weather issues for the rest of the year do you have ability to offset if things are a lot below normal this summer or should we assume it just is what it is and you will just update us when we get to the end of the quarter?
Thomas Farrell: Yeah, I think it’s also really Steve, it is true in July you know weather cost us about $0.03 for the month but you know August is a strong month for us and September can be an unusually strong month depending on what the pattern is. So it’s not being conceivable that would be made up just in weather as we go through the rest of the summer or the rest of the year. So I think you know we’ll hold for an update on that until we see a larger piece of what the quarter is going to look like and what the forecast for the fourth quarter is going to look like.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi, Good morning guys.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Just following-up on the pipeline question, with your end user demand kind being the driver for contracting. Is that customer base picking this up because they are trying to get to a cheaper form of gas or is this incremental demand that they are trying to service with new gas generation and that sort of stuff?
Thomas Farrell: Dan I don’t think that we should talk to what our customer are contemplating but as we have said when we have talked about the Southeast pipe and as we have gone around and spoken, not only to the customer but to the communities involved in the political establishments that will be affected. It’s important the Southeast needs a little more, as there is no question that greenhouse gas law is going to move people to more gas. It’s just going to happen. Southeast does not have an pipeline infrastructure to deal with that situation and one single pipe can get challenged for operational issues and you just can’t that’s not going to be tolerable for folks as we go through the next few decades. So I think the reliability is very part of it and having access to a different basin and that basis potential differentials between what the folks have been use to for all these years with Gulf of Mexico et cetera having Southeast access to the Marcellus and Utica makes it very attractive that’s why you have all these competing projects. So let’s see how it goes but I think that’s a combination of reliability, concern about expansion potential for various fleets and having access to a different basin. And like I said there as you all have noted there is a lots of projects, maybe ours won’t come to fruition. We feel good about where we are and there are maybe others.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thank you for that. And then Tom the Artificial Island transmission project was kind of the first test of [order 1000s] going to work. Given that it went to an incumbent for the right of ways, how do you guys think about kind of these transmission opportunities outside of our footprint, is that affecting maybe some capital allocation decisions?
Paul Koonce: Dan good morning this is Paul Koonce. Yes know the initial decision went to the incumbent but last week the PJM Board sent a notice to the four finalists, Dominion being the one that they would like to take a second look at the PJM manager’s decision. So we are still very much engaged on the opportunity presented by Artificial Island. We have in the past challenged PJM manager’s decision and prevailed. We can’t say for certain that we will do so again but that decision, about who builds Artificial Island is still an open question.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thank you and then I guess just last question on guidance for the quarter with the $0.03 negative in July, does that kind of calibrate us to a little bit below the midpoint from starting-point today or did the range already take into account this recent drag in July?
Mark McGettrick: Dan, it’s Mark. We always put ranges out based on normal weather just been our practice. So if that $0.03 holds and if there is no offsets in other areas that would guide you to below the midpoint. But let’s see what the rest of the quarter present to us in terms of weather and other earnings drivers.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Very good, thank you guys.
Thomas Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Thank you very much. I guess my first question relates to the 250 in solar. Can you give us an idea of what that would do to your effective tax rate next year because this year I think you are like at a 32% projected tax rate?
Thomas Farrell: Well our assumption on that Paul is that firstly all those projects will be completed in 2014. So for the effective tax rate for next year that wouldn’t be an impact.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: What I’m saying with the production tax credits wouldn’t that – that would presumably lower your effective tax rate next year?
Thomas Farrell: Most of the tax credits associated with these projects are one time credits, investment tax credits that we would take in 2014.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay, and then can you just give us a sense of what is driving the decision to either stay at 250 megawatts or potentially move to a higher level in terms of solar program?
Thomas Farrell: We have been looking across all of our – as we do constantly, we go into a process looking all of our capital allocation, what all of our opportunities re. Solar we think is going to be – is going to an increasing part of the energy infrastructure mix, being able to do it at utility scale we think is going to important particularly with this – and we thought that a couple of years ago which is why we started down this path but in particular because of the proposed greenhouse gas rules, and the four pillar or cornerstones, whatever you want to call them that EPA has set out as guide posts for states, we think solar could be useful across our service territories, not like it is in many other parts of the country. But we ought to be able to do some advances there. So we are learning, we are learning about installation and maintenance et cetera as we continue to look at whether we will deploy it elsewhere. So I think the short answer is to say, we are going to continue to evaluate. We may decide to stay at 250 and we may decide to expand it. But we will know more about that later in the year.
Mark McGettrick: Hi, Paul this is Mark. Just to give you a data point on that. This is not new for us do you recall eight or nine years we built several wind projects earlier in the development period for the same reason that Tom just outlined on solar. But we elected not to expand the wind program because it didn’t fit our business profile going forward. So the solar development scale here is at about the same level as we started wind. We’ll just see what happens to it going forward.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: And then my last question is with respect to the construction of Cole Point do you have any provisions with the contractor’s sort of guaranteeing that will be competed in 2017?
Paul Koonce: Paul, this is Paul Koonce, we have a good EPC contract we have a certain amount of time built into the schedule to provide for certain permitting delays and none of that has been impacted to-date.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Okay. So there is nothing that is sort of ironclad in your contract that it needs to be completed by the end of ‘17 but right now everything look as if it will be completed by ‘17?
Thomas Farrell: Everything is right on schedule.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Just another question on the timing of Cole Point and the MLP IPO, you mentioned you’d move forward the IPO after receiving FERC approval, you of course still need the final DOE on FDA approval to move forward with the project. So just curious how you are thinking about that and what would give you the comfort to move forward with just the FERC approval on hand?
Thomas Farrell: No, we have the DOE approval, we got it a year ago.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, I was under the impression that was a big conditional approval and you still need a final approval after receiving the FERC approval.
Thomas Farrell: No, I can understand your confusion but the word that word appears in all of these final approvals because there is a law that it can be suspended if something you know – a variety of things happen. DOE has said it’s never going to do that. So I think that’s a technical term they use in the DEO permits but we have final approvals which we got last September so, once we get the FERC final order which is construction permit in effect, we will proceed.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it, thanks. And then on the Southeast reliability project, I just wanted to clarity 1.5 billion is both expected volume and the CapEx?
Thomas Farrell: No, it’s just the volume I said capital and I’m correcting myself, I hope quickly and I appreciate your pointing it out. The $1.5 billion a day in demand in throughput the capital will be more than half and we will talk about that – assuming we conclude these negotiations which we hope in the 60days we will have more details about the capital and how it will all play up.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And when should we expect to hear more on that, where you make an announcement, when you have the agreements or should we just look for the pre-filing to single that?
Thomas Farrell: Well, we just have to let that sit. I don’t – we are assuming we conclude the negotiations as part of the negotiations we would be talking to the customers et cetera about how they want to go about announcing. We don’t – we try not – we don’t do things unilaterally in complex projects like this.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and would you say that this project is contemplated in your long-term earnings guidance consistent with it or could it present upside?
Thomas Farrell: No, included in our present plans.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it, thanks. And just one last question and follow-up on the Artificial Island project. I believe part of the reason PGM is kind of going back to the final four was because one of your competitors there offered to kind of backstop the project. Is that something you’re going to do and do you think that will be necessary to win the project?
Paul Koonce: This is Paul again. We did notice that Alice Power did offer a cap. That sort of brings to bear sort of a philosophical question as to the quality of the construction is such important part of the energy infrastructure, the electric grid, how the commission deals with that is an open question and they also want to revisit, we believe an alternative solution which we put forward which will be less costly, technically more interesting. So I wouldn’t base the PGM board’s decision totally on the price for power offered. I think there is a number of elements that they want to review.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot guys, very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Thomas E. Hamlin – Vice President Financial Analysis & Investor Relations Thomas F. Farrell II – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark F. McGettrick – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paul D. Koonce – Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer-Energy Infrastructure Group 
Analysts: Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital, Inc. Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC Michael Weinstein – UBS Securities LLC Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC  
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO and other members of senior management. At this time, each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas E. Hamlin: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the Investor Relations page on our website, registered for email alerts and view our first quarter earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning’s discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language; the earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our Company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2014, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 and Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the first quarter and our earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2014. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activity and review the progress we have made on our growth plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion reported operating earnings of $1.04 per share for the first quarter of 2014, which exceeded the top of our guidance range of $0.85 to $1 per share. While favorable weather in our electric service territory contributed $0.05 per share compared to normal, weather-normalized operating earnings were at the very top of our guidance range. Other factors driving the strong results were improved merchant generation margins, higher ancillary revenues and lower operating expenses. Compared to the first quarter of 2013, our 2014 weather-normalized earnings were $0.14 or 16% higher than last year. GAAP earnings were $0.65 per share for the first quarter. Charges related to the exit from Producer Services and the write-off of goodwill at our unregulated electric retail operations account for the majority of difference between GAAP and operating earnings. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now, moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the first quarter was $269 million, which was above its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were above expectations largely due to colder than normal weather. Excluding weather, sales were up about 1% for the quarter, somewhat below expectations, particularly in the commercial sector. We believe most of this slower growth was due to the numerous snowstorms in the area this winter which results in a significant number of commercial and governmental customers being closed for business. We still expect annual weather normalized sales growth of 1.5%. First quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $344 million, which was also above the top of its guidance range. The weather condition this winter results in higher throughput at our pipeline in LDC businesses, which along with lower operating expenses drove the strong results. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $561 million in the first quarter, which was above its guidance range. EBIT from utility generation was above the guidance range because of higher kilowatt hour sales due to cold weather. Also revenues from ancillary services were above expectations due to the weather extremes in PJM. EBIT from merchant generation was above its guidance range because of higher gross margins. On a consolidated basis, our effective tax rate was 33.5% for the quarter, which was in line with our guidance. Interest expenses were also in line with our expectations. Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter operating results. Now moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $802 million for the first quarter. Regarding liquidity; we had $3.5 billion of credit facilities at the end of the first quarter. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.2 billion. And taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $1.4 billion. Subject to State Corporation Commission approval, we will soon be executing a final agreement with our existing credit providers to increase our credit lines by $1 billion from $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion. The terms of which will run for five years. Dominion Gas Holdings will be added as a potential borrower under these facilities. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of their earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. During the first quarter, we issued $750 million of 10-year and 30-year notes for Virginia Power. We also issued $400 million and three year notes at the parent company during the quarter. We’re pleased with the market perception of these offerings and thank those of you who participated. Our debt plans for the remainder of the year include $1 billion of debt at Dominion Gas Holdings to refinance some parent company maturities and possibly another debt issue at the parent company. On March 28, we filed an S-1 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of common units representing limited partnership interests in Dominion Midstream Partners, LP a master limited partnership whose initial asset will be a preferred equity interest in Cove Point. I would refer you to the S-1 filing for questions regarding the MLP as we are unable to discuss the details of it further on today’s call. On April 4, we filed the Dominion Gas Holdings’ S-4 registration statement with the SEC. Once the filing process is complete, the 144A bonds we issued last fall will be exchanged into public securities. Shortly after that, we will follow a shelf registration statement with the SEC for future debt issuances by Dominion Gas. Our equity issuance plans for 2014 include an issue of mandatory convertibles, the proceeds from the MLP’s initial public offering and our dividend reinvestment and other stock purchase plans. Now, to earnings guidance; our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2014 is $0.55 per share to $0.65 per share compared to $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2013. Positive factors for the quarter relative to last year include a return to normal weather, higher weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales, and higher revenues from electric transmission. Negative factors include higher interest expense, the absence of contributions from our electric retail business and higher operating expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the year remains at $3.35 per share to $3.65 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. Since our last call, we’ve increased our Millstone hedge position from 92% to 96% for 2014 and from 23% to 31% for 2016. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $1.04 per share for the first quarter of 2014, exceeding the top of our guidance range. Favorable weather, higher merchant margins, higher ancillary revenues and higher throughput at our pipeline to LDC businesses were key factors in the strong performance. Our financing plans for the remainder of 2014 include a debt offering for Dominion Gas Holdings, an offering of mandatory convertible securities and the initial public offering of a master limited partnership. Another debt issue by the parent company is also possible. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2014 is $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year remains $3.35 to $3.65 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning. Our business units delivered outstanding operational and safety performance in the first quarter, despite the often challenging weather condition. On January 7, the Dominion Zone set a new winter peak demand of 19,730 megawatts, an increase of more than 9% above the previous record set in 2007. On that same day, gas transmission also set a new peak with a one hour send-out rate equal to 7.65 billion cubic feet per day, and even higher winter peak electric demand was set on January 30, at 19,785 megawatt. The nuclear fleet achieved a capacity factor of nearly 100% and had only two OSHA recordables in the first quarter. Our power generations’ utility fleet achieved a record 12.6 million megawatt hours of production and maintained capacity factors of 90% to 95% during the worst for the winter weather. Dominion Energy also delivered strong performance in the quarter. Our pipeline business had no primary service issues during the extreme weather and developed a record high seasonal storage turn of 241 Bcf through the end of March. Natrium returned to service in January, and for the balance of the quarter, natural gas processing plant reliability was 99% at Natrium and 100% at Hastings. All this was achieved with no loss time or restricted duty incidence during the quarter. Dominion East Ohio experienced a 14% increase in throughput compared to last year’s first quarter because of the weather extremes, yet achieved the best quarterly safety results in the Company’s over 100 year history. We continue to move forward on our growth plan. Construction of 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined-cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget. All three borrowers completed hydrostatic testing during the first quarter and startup and commissioning activities are underway. Overall, the project is about 80% complete and 1,200 people are employed at the site. We expect the project to be in service during the fourth quarter of this year. Last August, we began construction of the 1,358 megawatt combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County and expect that plant to be in service by mid-2016. Much of the major equipment has been secured, and deliveries to the site have begun. There are about 450 people currently employed at the site. Conversion of Bremo Units 3 and 4 from coal to natural gas is nearly complete. Both units achieved first fire on gas in the first quarter. Tuning and commissioning are underway, and the converted units should be in commercial operation by the middle of this year. Dominion closed on the acquisition of six solar projects totaling 139 megawatts from Recurrent Energy in the first quarter. Long-term power purchase, interconnection, engineering, procurement and construction as well as operation and maintenance agreements have been executed for each of the projects. Construction began in the first quarter and all these facilities are expected to reach commercial operation late this year or early next year. We are moving forward to identify and acquiring additional solar projects to support our plan to grow the Company’s solar portfolio by up to 250 megawatts. At Dominion Virginia Power, we have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the first quarter, $116 million of transmission assets were placed into service. Electric transmissions’ capital budget for growth projects in 2014 is over $750 million. This includes NERC, RTEP, maintenance as well as security-related investments. Moreover, our project pipeline continues to remain full through at least the remainder of the decade. Progress in our growth plan for Dominion Energy also continues. Construction is underway on the Allegheny Storage Project and we have begun to accept injections. Construction has also begun on our Natrium-to-Market project. Both projects are on budget and on schedule to commence full service by November. Last fall we announced several new pipeline expansion projects. The New Market Project will provide expanded service to two LDCs in New York State for 15 years beginning in November 2016. We are currently preparing the FERC application for this project. In addition, we have had continued success in providing incremental transportation service as a result of the growing production within our region. We describe these as producer outlet projects, taking advantage of the flexibility of Dominion Energy’s pipeline network to provide incremental services with shorter lead times and relatively small capital investment. On our last earnings call, we announced binding precedent agreements for firm transportation service for six such projects covering 1.2 Bcf per day by 2016. Today, we are announcing another such project. The Lebanon West 2 project will provide 130,000 dekatherms per day of firm transportation service for 20 years to move Marcellus production from Butler County, Pennsylvania to Lebanon, Ohio. Precedent agreements have been signed and the project is expected to be operational in late 2016. Finally on April 16, the Company commenced the Dominion Southeast Reliability Project, a non-binding open season for firm transportation services through a new pipeline extending from the Marcellus and Utica production regions to markets in Virginia, in North Carolina. Subject to FERC approvals, the firm transportation service is anticipated to be available as early as November 2018. The Utica region continues to be very active. Through the middle of April, a total of 1,218 horizontal Utica permits have been issued and 829 wells have been drilled, an increase of 17% in wells permit and 22% in wells drilled in just the past three months. The number of producing wells has increased by 44% from 270 to 389, also in just the past three months. Based on this Utica activity, our Blue Racer joint venture continues to execute its business plan. Dominion contributed to G-150 pipeline in January in the northern gathering system in March. These are the last of the originally planned asset contributions to the joint venture. Blue Racer’s Natrium I processing and fractionation plant returned to service in January and has operated nearly 100% capacity since then. A second 200 million cubic feet per day processing facility we refer to as Natrium II became operational earlier this month and is expected to be at full capacity by the end of the second quarter. Fractionation capacity at Natrium will be expanded from 46,000 barrels per day up to 126,000 barrels per day by March of next year. In addition, a 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant at the Berne site is under construction and is expected to begin operations this fall. Blue Racer has entered into long-term acreage dedication agreements totaling more than 300,000 acres and continues to expand its acreage commitments and facilities to support its growth plan. We continue to make progress on our Cove Point Liquefaction project as well. On February 27, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration referred to as PHMSA issued its no objection letter to FERC, marking another significant milestone in the FERC permitting process. On March 12, FERC issued its notice of schedule and set May 15 for issuance of an environmental assessment. We anticipate receiving our construction permit from FERC this summer. We also expect Maryland Public Service Commission to approve the CPCN and air permit for the site next month. Subject to and immediately filing its regulatory and other approvals, we expect to commence construction with commercial operation in late 2017. Before I answer questions, I want to update you on a couple of other Virginia regulatory matters. Earlier this month, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signed legislation allowing Dominion Virginia Power to set up a long-term program place about 4,000 miles of the system’s most vulnerable distribution lines underground. The measure authorizes the Company to spend up to $175 million per year on a program with Virginia State Corporation Commission approval. Cost recovery for the project will come from a rate adjustment clause, also subject to commission approval. The Governor also signed legislation that will help the Company preserve options for a third nuclear unit at North Anna Power Station and for development of offshore wind facilities. It calls for the write-off of 70% of the development costs incurred through the end of last year, which will be recovered through existing base rates. The write-off will be spread over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2014. So to summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the first quarter. Construction of the Warren County and Brunswick power stations is proceeding on time and on budget. Our Blue Racer joint venture, Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Transmission all continue to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions. We look forward to receiving our remaining regulatory approvals beginning construction of our Cove Point Liquefaction project. And finally, we look forward to our initial public offering by Dominion Midstream Partners later this year. Thank you, and we are ready for your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Thomas F. Farrell II:  Hi, Angie.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: How are you? I wanted to ask you a couple of questions about the growth on the energy side. So, first of all, how big – what is the capacity of the pipeline that will be going to the southeast? I understand that the open season is not over yet, but it looks like it’s just one week left. So, that’s one. And two is, given all of the growth in Utica and Marcellus and your different entities that are growing in those shales, how should we think about it? What goes through Blue Racer, what goes through Dominion Energy and what is ultimately ending at the MLP? Sorry for the long question.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I’m going to ask Paul Koonce to answer those questions.
Paul D. Koonce: Good morning, Angie. The first question on the open season in the Southeast type, we’re in what I would call a sensitive phase of the scoping. So we’re not really prepared to talk about type size or number of miles. I would just say that we have substantial assets already with our gas transmission business throughout the Marcellus and the Utica. We certainly saw the need for gas infrastructure in the Virginia North Carolina region, coming out of this February and the reliability issues associated with that. And we also know there are customers in the communities that are served throughout that area. So, we are bullish on the Southeast pipe. As you noted, the open season is not closed yet. We are still gathering expressions of interest and really expect more to come later this summer. On the Utica and Marcellus question, and what goes to Blue Racer and what comes to Dominion, we have a defined business plan and operating area for Blue Racer. It’s defined as really Southeastern Ohio, and it really is to gather and process gas and it’s been doing that very well as Tom noted in his comments. So that really is what goes to the joint venture, gathering and processing associated with the wet Utica and Southeastern Ohio. We have not extended the joint venture beyond that footprint. So those activities in West Virginia and Pennsylvania would remain Dominion.
Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, and just one follow-up question. So given the pickup in drilling and permitting of wells in Utica, when would you expect the gas to go? Do you expect that most of the transportation would be to the south or southeast or more to the, say Illinois, Chicago area?
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, I would just say that given the size of the basin, now producing 13, 14 Bcf and some projections have it 20 Bcf or greater by the end of the decade. I think you’re going to see gas flowing in all directions. Clearly, there is a need to New England. We’ve already defined a need in the mid-Atlantic, and of course, I think the Tallgrass folks have had a successful open season, some reverse flow, the Rockies Express pipeline back to Chicago. So I think you’re seeing gas move in a lot of different directions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, hi, good morning. Couple of questions. First, just curious in the Utica discussion and the chart you provide, the producing well seems to have kind of flattened out relative to the drilled and permitted, is there any bigger picture explanation of that?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Steve, I think they have increased significantly and they’re continuing to be the bottleneck because there is not enough infrastructure, gathering systems, pipeline systems to get the gas to market. So they have to wait before they can start producing. That’s why we’re still very excited about all the prospects we have in that region.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, second question is just, what was the impact of the Blue Racer contributions in the quarter?
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, quarter-over-quarter, it was about a $20 million incremental pick-up from the first quarter of 2013.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: And is there may be like an absolute amount from these two new contributions?
Mark F. McGettrick: The absolute amount is about $34 million.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just on the nuclear write-off and the like, can you tell us how much you expect to be kind of expensing over those three quarters in total?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes. It will start in the second quarter and start expensing it between now and end of the year. We’ll have to catch up in the second quarter for the 2013 and the first quarter this year. So, second quarter write-off amount would be much larger than, much more than third and fourth. But you should think around $400 million.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: And that will be obviously excluded from your newer guidance?
Mark F. McGettrick: It will be charged to our GAAP earnings.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, one last question, kind of big picture. When you think about all the continued movement in natural gas, Marcellus, Utica, other regions and some of the new projects you are starting to announce, should we expect that there is likely another big ramp-up in capital spend in the gas business. When you start updating your five-year plans?
Mark F. McGettrick: I think Steve, I’m not sure it would be a substantial run up in it. We’ve always set aside some capital for growth, particularly on these producer outlet project that don’t have much capital to be invested. But certainly if we’re successful, it’s a long pipe that would be – something that would be incremental capital to what we have out there already. And again based on just the interest that we have thus far, we usually update everybody in the fall. That activity continues at the pace it is today, it is certain possible that the capital could go up between now and the five year window that we always talk about.
Steve I. Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC:  Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein – UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Hey, just a follow-up on that a little bit. So are the new producer outlet projects, the Southeast Reliability Project, is that incremental to the 5% to 6% growth rate as well and are other projects as we hear about them, is that all incremental 5% to 6%?
Mark F. McGettrick: The producer outlet projects are supportive of our 5% to 6% growth, and I think the way we should think about all these smaller projects are, we’re focused on significant growth in energy business and they are supportive of the 5% to 6%. If the long haul, Southeast pipe were to go, it’s a multi-year construction period, so it’s really outside of what we’ve shown everybody in terms of CapEx and what that growth rate would be beyond ‘18, so I think it’s too early to say on that. But until we let everybody know otherwise that, we should assume all the projects that’ll be announced on energy are supportive of the 5% to 6%.
Michael Weinstein – UBS Securities LLC: On Cove Point, at what point I guess the summer are you going to be in a position to be talking about an IPO at that point? I know you are waiting for approvals, is the summer approval from FERC going to be the final one that you are waiting for?
Mark F. McGettrick: We’re in the approval process now with the SEC in our S-1, so we really don’t want to talk about any more timing issues than that. But previously we have said that, mid-year or so is what we thought would be a reasonable period and I think certainly mid-year third quarter probably makes sense. 
Michael Weinstein – UBS Securities LLC:  Okay, right, thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Could I just ask given the news on the screen today, one of your neighbors being acquired. If you could just give us a sense of your current thinking about where that type of bolt-on M&A might fit within Dominion’s potential strategic plan? If at all maybe any specific comments and whether you look to pack or not?
Thomas F. Farrell II: We don’t have any comments Jonathan on M&A activity, other than to say we’ve got a five year growth plan that takes us we think a long way gaining 5% to 6% growth all the way along the path. But we never comment on M&A activity.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hey, good morning guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II:  Hi, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: I just got a couple of questions I guess kind of maybe on the your kind of system performance in the quarter. But I don’t know if Paul, want to talk about it, but how the gas system performed through the winter from a storage perspective. And then how the refill process is going and the soundness of the reservoir and whether you’re seeing focus or interest and maybe looking at the storage investment again, given volatility and delivery concerns?
Paul D. Koonce: Dan, this is Paul Koonce. We had a really strong winter. We were really pleased with the operational performance of all of our storage across the system. And as Tom noted, we had a record turn of about 241 Bcf. As you will recall, our customers actually own the space and storage, so the rate that they fill storage is really their call. Now, we report that information to EIA and it’s publicly available. And if you look, you’ll see that their injections are a little bit ahead of where they were at this time last year. Now obviously, they took more out. So we take that as a positive this early in the year that they are buying and injecting gas. I think it does strengthen the interest in storage, certainly as it relates to our thoughts about a new pipeline in the Southeast. The nature of that load will be somewhat on and off, and so I think our storage capabilities, I think play nicely into that. So we needed this winter to remind folks why they contract for firm transportation and firm storage, and it performed and I think we should be rewarded for that. So hopefully, we’ll see some projects resolved.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: So Paul, would you kind of determine that you’ve just seen an uptake in all sorts of maybe end-use customer interest in signing more firm contracts or getting more capacity just because bandwidth was more constrained this year?
Paul D. Koonce: I’m sorry, Dan, I really didn’t understand the question.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, I guess, are you seeing your end-use customers, the LDCs and folks like that showing more interest in signing contracts or expanding the capacity to take from you guys just based on the volatility this winter?
Paul D. Koonce:  Yes, we’ve certainly seen some customers that had contracts that were expiring; renew and extend their contracts. So that’s the first thing that I’ll take as a positive. We’re still meeting with our customers following this winter and assessing their needs, but we have a couple of other customers that have expressed a desire to increase capacity. So hopefully, we will be announcing something along those lines later this year. So certainly the interest is up. There has been honestly somewhat of a stand-off between producers and LDCs trying to see who is going to build the next incremental capacity, is it going to be the producer to get the gas out of the basin, or is it going to be the customer to secure reliability. Frankly following this winter, I think we’re beginning to see some movement back to LDC customers placing a premium on reliability as they should.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great, thank you. And I guess just, maybe to clarify on the impairments you guys are going to take on the development side, how does it get calculated into the earned ROEs from a Virginia oversight perspective on the biennial review process?
Mark F. McGettrick: It will go towards the GAAP earning calculation in the two-year biennial review.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: So we would mark-down, from the recurring number would normally look out, we’d mark that down by about $400 million pre-tax to look at that comparable ROE over the two-year period?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, that’s right.
Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Okay, very good. Thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II:  Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Farrell – CEO Mark McGettrick - CFO Paul Koonce - EVP, Dominion Resources, Inc. CEO, Energy Infrastructure Group and CEO, Dominion Virginia Power Tom Harlin - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon – ISI Group Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. At this time each of your lines is in listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the call over to Tom Harlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning, for the Safe Harbor statement.
Tom Harlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion’s fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the investor relations page on our website, register for e-mail alerts, and view our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language, the earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our fourth quarter and full year 2013 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year 2014, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 and pages eight and nine in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for 2013 and our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2014. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities for the year and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion faced a number of challenges in 2013 and we overcame nearly all of them to produce operating earnings of $3.25 per share which were well within our guidance range of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. Excluding the impact of mild weather, operating earnings would have been at the midpoint of our guidance range and supportive of our growth targets. The principal drivers of the differences between actual results and the midpoint of our guidance range are highlighted on slide three. Let’s walk through the pluses and minuses. For the year, weather normalized sales at Dominion Virginia Power were up 1.3% over 2012, which compares favorably with other utilities but below our original growth estimate of 2%. Earnings from our merchant generation business were below our expectations, primarily due to power basis movement both in the Mid-Atlantic region which affects margins from our Fairless Works plant in New England that impacts our margins at Millstone. The mild weather also reduced ancillary service revenue below our estimates. Earnings from our Blue Racer joint venture beside from the benefits of the contribution of the TL-388 pipeline were below expectation due to the in-service stately delay at Natrium, as well as the fire-related outage at that facility. Other negative factors included the absence of earnings from producer services, as well as lower margins from our retail business. Offsetting these challenges were earnings from the contribution of the TL-388 pipeline to the Blue Racer joint venture, lower income taxes and over $100 million in reduced O&M expenses. With normal weather, our operating earnings for 2013 would have been $3.35 per share, which was the midpoint of our guidance range. However, weather was much milder than normal equivalent to $0.10 per share for the year. GAAP earnings were $2.93 per share for 2013. The difference between GAAP and operating earnings is primarily driven by charges associated with the sale of the breaking point in Kincaid power plant and charges related to the ongoing exit of our producer services business. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Before I discuss specifics segment results, let me mentioned that we have shifted our unregulated retail unit to our generation segment for reporting purposes, so as I go over annual results, retail will not be in Dominion Virginia Power but in generation. Please note, all disclosures remain the same, the change just mirrors our management reporting change. Now moving to results by operating segment, at Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for 2013 was $945 million, which was below the midpoint of its guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were below expectations largely due to milder than normal weather. Excluding weather, sales were up 1.3% for the year.  EBIT from electric transmission exceeded its guidance range due to our ability to accelerate the in-service dates of some projects. This business unit added about $700 million in net plant in service in 2013. 2013 EBIT for Dominion Energy was $1.08 billion, which was above the top of this guidance range. The contribution of the TL-388 pipeline to Blue Racer in the third quarter added about $75 million to EBIT.  Other positive factors contributing to the strong results of Dominion Energy were lower operating and maintenance expenses, lower fuel costs, and the first year’s contribution from the farmout of the Marcellus acreage in West Virginia. Partially offsetting these positives were the start-up delay and fire-related outage at Natrium and the absence of earnings from the activities of our Producer Services businesses that are being closed out and exited.  Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $1.7 billion in 2013, which was below this guidance range. EBIT from utility generation was below the guidance range because of lower kilowatt hour sales, winter [ph] mild weather and lower than expected weather normalized sales growth. Also, revenues from ancillary services were below expectations due to mild weather. These negatives were partially offset by lower operating and maintenance expenses and higher rider related revenues.  EBIT for Dominion Generation was below its guidance range because of lower gross margins. Power basis movements in both PJM and NEPOOL impacted margins from our Fairless Works plant and Millstone respectively. EBIT for Dominion Retail was below its guidance range in 2013 due to weaker margins.  On a consolidated basis, our effective tax rate was 33.3% for the year compared to a 35.5% rate for the midpoint of our guidance range. Interest expenses were in line with our expectations. Overall we are pleased with our 2013 operating results, which were nearly 7% higher than 2012.  Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $3.6 billion for 2013. Regarding liquidity, we had $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $1.9 billion. And taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the year with liquidity of $1.8 billion.  During the year, we extended the terms of all of our credit facilities through September 2018. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 13 and 24 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. In September, we announced the formation of Dominion Gas Holdings, a first tier subsidiary holding company for most of our rate regulated natural gas businesses. Dominion Gas Holdings provides greater visibility of the capital structure and earnings from these businesses and allows us to raise capital on better terms. In October, Dominion Gas raised $1.2 billion through a 144A senior notes offering, consisting of 3, 10 and 30-year notes, which are expected to be registered with the SEC this year. We plan to issue another $1 billion in debt for Dominion Gas Holdings in 2014.  Our total debt needs are shown on Slide 5. We plan to issue about $750 million in debt for Virginia Power and about $400 million in Dominion parent company debt this year.  Yesterday, Moody’s raised its ratings on the debt of Virginia Power and Dominion Gas Holdings from – to A2 from A3. The rating action reflects Moody’s more favorable view of the relative credit supportiveness of the U.S. regulatory environment. The Baa2 rating on Dominion’s parent company was confirmed, along with the stable outlook for all three ratings.  In September, we announced that we plan to form an MLP this year. Overtime the expected cash flows from Cove Point import and export and the Blue Racer Midstream joint venture will be used to fund distributions. We still plan to file the S-1 by the end of the first quarter and come to market some time around the middle of the year. It is our intention to make the draft filings publicly available through the securities exchange commission. The MLP structure including the partnerships and incentive distribution rights is expected to create significant value to Dominion’s shareholders. Our equity issuance plans for 2014 will include another issue of mandatory convertibles, the proceeds from the MLP’s initial public offering and our dividend reinvestment and other stock purchase plans. The specific amounts from each source including DRIP plan will utilize new shares or market purchases for 2014 but depend on market conditions in the size of the IPO, which we cannot disclose at this time. Now to earnings guidance, our operating earnings guidance for 2014 is $3.35 to $3.65 per share. This range supports our 5% to 6% growth expectations. We have highlighted the principal drivers for 2014 on Slide 6. Positive factors relative to 2013 include our return to normal weather, higher revenues from a capital projects subject to rider treatment, sales growth at Virginia Power and a lower effective income tax rate. Partially offsetting these positive drivers are higher operating and maintenance expenses, the essence of earnings from our electric retail business, higher interest expenses and higher depreciation. Regarding sales growth at Virginia Power, our guidance incorporates 1.5% increase in weather normalized kilowatt hour sales. As I mentioned earlier, sales growth in 2013 is 1.3% weather normalized. We sold good growth in fourth quarter of last year as continued through the first month of this year. Our operating earnings guidance for first quarter of 2014 is $0.85 to $1 per share compared to $0.83 per share for the first quarter of 2013. The midpoint of this range produces an 11% increase over last year’s first quarter. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on Page 28 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call, we’ve increased our Millstone hedge position from 83% to 92% for 2014, from 71% to 81% for 2015, and from 11% to 23% in 2016. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $3.25 per share for 2013, which were within our guidance range. Lower O&M expenses, lower taxes and incremental asset dropped Blue Racer offsetting number of unplanned challenges during the year. However, mild weather reduced earnings by $0.10 per share. Excluding the mild weather, operating earnings would have been at the midpoint of our guidance range. Our financing plan for 2014 include debt offerings for Virginia Power, Dominion Resources and Dominion Gas Holdings and offering of mandatory convertible securities and initial public offering of our master limited partnership. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for 2014 is $3.35 to $3.65 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter is $0.85 to $1 per share. Before I turn the call over to Tom Farrell, let me mention two strategic initiatives we are currently pursuing. First, we expect to grow our fleet of contracted solar projects over the next 24 months by nearly 250 megawatts and are in active discussions with multiple parties to achieve this. We should expect the number of the projects to come in on line in both 2014 and 2015. Finally, as we continue to fine tune our business model, we've elected to exit our unregulated electric retail business. The sales process is underway and we expect to have the transaction complete over the next several months. Both these strategic moves are factored into our 2014 earnings guidance. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell. 
Tom Farrell:  Good morning. Our business units delivered outstanding operational and safety performance in 2013. Dominion Energy delivered its best safety year on record with Gas Distribution having its best safety year ever and Gas Transmission having its second best year.  Dominion Virginia Power also delivered the second best safety year in its history. The nuclear business unit reported only five OSHA recordable and our Power Generation Unit also had a strong year with only 12.  The nuclear fleet achieved a capacity factor of 93.7%, the highest in its history, including a new record of 125 continuous days online for all seven units. We had four breaker-to-breaker runs, one each at North Anna Unit 1, Surry Unit 1, Millstone Unit 3 and Kewaunee whose employees ended 40 years of nuclear operation on a high note. Both Surry Units 1 and 2 have been running continuously since our last refueling and have gone over 1000 days without a trip.  Our Power Generation Utility achieved a 2013 forced outage rate of just 2.4%, its best ever. Power generation’s combined cycle fleet also had a best on record forced outage rate of just 1.2%. Dominion Energy also delivered strong operating performance in 2013 with record setting operations at our Hastings processing and fractionation plant. In Ohio, over 130 miles of bare-steel pipe were replaced as part of our Pipeline Infrastructure Replacement program.  Additionally, new transport agreements were executed with producers to move over one billion cubic feet per day of Marcellus and Utica production.  Our business units performed well during the recent record cold weather that has hit the Eastern United States. On January 7, Dominion zone set a new winter peak demand of 19,785 megawatts, an increase of almost 10% above the previous record set in 2007. On the same day, Gas Transmission also set a new peak with a one-hour send-out rate equal to 7.65 billion cubic feet per day.  We continue to move forward on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined-cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget for a late 2014 commercial operation date. Overall, the project is about 75% complete and about 1,200 people are presently employed at the site.  We have begun construction of a 1,358 megawatt three-on-one combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County and expect the plan to be in service by mid-2016. The gas and steam turbines have been procured and major equipment deliveries will commence this quarter. The gas transportation supplier Transco, received the FERC certificate authorizing construction of the natural gas pipeline connection to the plant.  The conversions of the Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell plants from coal to biomass were all completed on time and on budget. Each of the plant was a coal-fired facility that operated at a very low capacity factor. With the low cost of fuel, these 50 megawatt wood-burning facilities should be dispatched on a regular basis.  On September 10, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the company’s CPCN application to modify the existing Bremo Power Station's Unit 3 and 4 to use natural gas instead of coal as the primary fuel. The EPC contractor is on schedule and Columbia Gas of Virginia has completed the gas line for the facility. The station should commence on schedule and on budget operations on natural gas this summer.  We completed a number of small renewable projects in 2013. The 14.9 megawatt fuel cell project in Bridgeport, Connecticut, secured by long-term power purchase agreement, achieved commercial operation in December. In the fourth quarter, we completed three solar projects, also secured by long-term power purchase agreements in Georgia, Indiana and Connecticut.  As Mark noted, we expect to grow our fleet of contracted solar projects over the next 24 months by nearly 250 megawatts and are in active discussions with multiple parties to achieve this. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During 2013, $716 million of transmission assets were place into service. Electric transmissions capital budget for growth projects in 2014 is over $750 million. This includes NERC, RTEP, as well as maintenance and security related investments. Moreover, our project pipeline continues to remain full through the remainder of the decade. Progress in our growth plan for Dominion Energy also continues. Two projects with Dominion Transmission were completed and placed in the service during 2013. About the savings build and more so in the Tioga Area Expansion Projects were completed on time and under budget. Construction continues on the Allegheny Storage Project. We expect injections this spring and be fully operational by November. When I turn to market projects, we received FERC certification in September. Construction will begin in the spring from an expected November 2014 in-service date. We continue to pursue new gas infrastructure opportunities. Last call, we announced the Marcellus Farmout Initiatives, which involved nearly 100,000 acres that Marcellus provides below some of our West Virginia storage fields. We have retained all other mineral rights. We have reached agreements with multiple counterparties involving that acreage, which will involve series of new revenue streams over the next decade. We expect these agreements to generate EBIT of approximately $20 million annually from ongoing lease and drilling activity payments. Additional revenues will accrue from drilling activity itself and also from royalty payments based on the volume of gas produced. Last call, we announced several new pipeline expansion projects. Senior agreements were signed with Brooklyn Union and Niagara Mohawk for our new market project in New York State. Expanded service of 112,000 dekatherms per day for 15 years will begin in November 2016. We’ve also entered into multiple development agreements to provide transportation services to power plant developers along our Cove Point pipeline in Maryland. In addition to this pipeline expansion projects, we have had continued success in providing incremental transportation agreements as a result of the growing production within our region. We have previously described some of these projects as producer outlet projects, taking advantage of the flexibility of Dominion Energy’s pipeline network to provide incremental services to shorter lead times in minimal capital investment. These projects include the following, binding precedent agreements with the Dominion Transmission or Dominion East Ohio, the firm transportation service already begun or beginning later this year. The 10-year agreement with Gulfport for 100,000 dekatherms per day, the 10-year agreement with NextEra Energy for 100,000 dekatherms per day, a 6-year agreement with J. Aaron for 150,000 dekatherms per day. The 21-year agreement with Gulfport Energy for 150,000 dekatherms per day, a 17-year agreement with American Energy-Utica LLC for 100,000 dekatherms per day and a Western Access project on the Dominion East Ohio system through 10-years for 300,000 dekatherms per day. And for service beginning in 2016, a 15-year agreement with CNX Gas for 250,000 dekatherms per day in the Marcellus Farmout acreage to interconnects with Texas Eastern and Rockies Express. These projects were all outside of the Blue Racer joint venture and 100% owned by Dominion. The Utica region continues to be very active. Through mid-January, a total of 1,042 horizontal wells permits have been issued and 679 wells have been drilled, an increase of 9% in wells permitted and 14% in wells drilled in the past three months, the number of producing wells increased by 60% from 169 to 270 during the same period. Now, an update on Blue Racer, Blue Racer’s Natrium I processing and fractionation plan was out of service since September 21 due to fire, the damage to the small area of the plant. I’m happy to report the repairs are complete and the plant is running and fully available.  As Mark mentioned earlier, the TL-388 pipeline was contributed to Blue Racer at the end of September. This will serve as a central frontline that provides further connectivity between Blue Racer’s gathering lines and key producing acreage. Blue Racer has entered into long-term acreage dedication agreements with many of the Utica Shale’s leading natural producers, including Eclipse Resources, Hess Corporation, Consol Energy, PDC Energy, Chesapeake Energy, Total, Rex Energy and EnerVest for gathering, processing and transportation services.  The acreage covered in these agreements total more than 300,000 and will be more than enough at full production to support both the Natrium Phase II and Berne processing plants. Blue Racer is in various stages of discussion for additional acreage dedication.  Natrium Phase II is expected to be commissioned in March bringing the nameplate processing capacity of the Natrium site to 400 million cubic feet per day, the first 200 mcf per day cariogenic processing plant at Berne is expected to be online by the end of the third quarter. The Berne site is designed to accommodate three of these plants. The current fractionation capacity at Natrium is 46,000 barrels and we will accommodate the volumes from both Natrium Phase I and II, as well, first processing plant at Berne.  Fractionation capacity at Natrium will be expanded up to 126,000 barrels per day by march 2015, providing increased ethane recovery capabilities and accommodating future NGL volume growth from further expansion at the Berne site. A 30-mile, Y-grade pipeline will carry processed liquids from Berne to Natrium for fractionation.  Takeaway capabilities at Natrium includes rail, truck, pipeline and soon, barging. Natrium is the only fractionation facility that offer barge services to Utica producers. Blue Racer’s ethane pipeline provides direct access to Enterprise’s ATEX pipeline. Additional pipeline access out of Natrium will provide connectivity to Sunoco’s Mariner East and Mariner West pipelines and Enterprise’s TEPPCO Pipeline.  Blue Racer is actively pursuing interconnect to other long-haul NGL pipes that are waiting approval. In addition to its interconnections with the Dominion Transmission and Dominion East Ohio, Blue Racer is establishing new pipeline interconnections with Texas Eastern and is approved establishing inner connection with Rockies Express. We continue to make progress on our Cove Point Liquefaction Projects as well.  As you know, the Department Of Energy approved our request for permit to export LNG to non-FTA countries in early September. We still need several permits including a FERC environmental permit and permits from the state of Maryland.  Last week, the staff of the Maryland Public Service Commission recommended approval of the CPCN for Cove Point and we expect commission consideration and approval in May. Subject to this regulatory and other approvals, we expect to commence construction this year with commercial operation expected in late 2017.  Finally, in late November, the Virginia State Corporation Commission issued an order in the 2013 biennial review confirming that earnings of Virginia Power for 2011 and 2012 do not exceed 11.4%. As a result, Virginia Power’s base rates cannot be reduced until 2017 at the earliest. The base return on equity for the 2015 biennial review as well as interim updates for our router projects is set at 10%.  So to summarize, our businesses delivered strong operating and safety performance in 2013. Construction of the Warren County Power Station is proceeding on time and on budget. Construction has begun on the Brunswick Power Station and is proceeding on time and on budget. Our Blue Race joint venture. Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Transmission are capitalized on the growth opportunities in Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. We look forward to receiving our remaining regulatory approvals to begin construction of our Cove Point Liquefaction Project.  Also, similar to our earlier decision to exit most of our producer services activity, we continue to analyzed business opportunities and optimization of capital in support of our growth plan and have elected to exit our unregulated retail electric business and invest at a higher level in generation solar projects, which provide more stable long-term return. And finally we plan to file a registration statement, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the initial public offering of the Master-Limited Partnership by the end of the first quarter. It is our intent to make the draft filing publicly available through the commission. We plan to come to market with the MLP sometime in the middle of the year. Thank you. And we are ready to take the questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Thank you. So my first question is about the retail business, you've decided to divest the business, how should we think about it? So is it already included in the discontinued operations for 2014 and as such if not, this in fact is not embedded in 2014 guidance or will it happen on the -- once the business is sold?
Mark McGettrick: Angie, this is Mark, you're referring to the electric retail business that we just talked about.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Yes.
Mark McGettrick: We will take that -- we will take that as an asset held for sale or discontinued ops in the first quarter. And we will net that with the proceeds of the sales, so those results will be available hopefully at the end of the first quarter. They've already been reflected in our guidance range that we put out and been removed from that guidance range.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Okay. So I shouldn't worry about potential weak results due to the deep freeze in the northeast?
Mark McGettrick: No. We have taken any anticipated results in 2014 out of our guidance range for the electric unregulated retail business.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Okay. My second questions is, you mentioned that the 2014 guidance supports a 5% to 6% earnings growth and I'm -- and granted that there's been a lot of volatility in your earnings due to weather over the last couple of years? But how can we think about it, I mean, is this a long-term CAGR, is this an annual 5% to 6% growth of the actual 2012th level, do we adjust the weather, because it seems like, that the -- even if we adjust the weather the results are coming a little bit softer about 5% to 6% on an annual basis?
Tom Farrell: Angie, this is the way we think about it, first of all, when we talk about 5% to 6%, we talk about the weather normal. So for example, let's use '13 results look into '14, we produced earnings of $3.25 in 2013, we had headwinds of $0.10 for weather. So our baseline is $3.35 when discussing what the growth rate should be off that. We came out with a range of $3.35 to $3.65 per share for this year, 5% I think, the math is about $3.51, and 6% would be about $3.55, its right about in the middle of that range. We try to do $0.05 increments, so we're not penny accurate on this, but we feel very comfortable that with normal weather a 5% to 6% growth rate off of $3.35 is achievable.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie: Okay. My last question, we are seeing some sensitivity of earnings of energy MLPs to gas prices and usually that was actually in the negative earnings revision's expectations? Now with gas prices going up, at least for 2014, how is your business, how are the assets slated for the MLP drop-downs? How are they sensitive to changes in gas prices?
Tom Farrell: Angie, the two assets that we're considering to enter into an MLP with one would be Cove Point, that's a capacity-based contract it has no commodity sensitivity at all, actually both on imports and on the exports side. The other assets are in Blue Racer, a vast majority of those assets are on fixed price contracts, there is some volume variability on portions of it, but again not very sensitive at all to commodity. So our MLP assets should have very stable visible earnings as we are able to disclose what assets we drop down first.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning guys. Mark, can you just maybe walk a little bit through the process for when you guys go to file with the SEC for the S-1. What is the process for the draft coming out and then what you guys have to do in the timeline between the draft coming out and getting the MLP done? Are there milestones you guys are looking for? What's the process to get to completion? 
Mark McGettrick: Dan, the process is pretty straightforward and we want to make it as transparent as possible. A lot of people when they file their S1s for review, they file it confidentially. So that they can address any questions that might come out from the SEC. The approach we are taking is we are going to file it publically. So as soon as we put it on the shelf everyone will be able to see what is in it and make their own conclusions. But the process essentially is once you file it the SEC will go back and put [ph] on questions that they might have and we will have to resolve those anything that’s not clear to them within the filing. And that process usually takes about three months or so.  So again we believe ours will be straightforward with the assets that we targeted. We think there will not be much controversy around it, but I am sure will be some clarity of filing, because the filing will be as all of them are extensive. So that is pretty much administrative I guess the way I would describe it after you file it at the end of the first quarter. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And so Mark, I guess, thinking about the timing when you guys file it, three months later kind of puts you around second-quarter earnings results time I guess or you are almost in a quiet period. Does that mean that we probably should think late summer for this to get done just from a logistical perspective? 
Mark McGettrick: I just target mid-year, because -- we can’t really control the SEC approval process, [indiscernible] on there but certainly we think three months after filing is a reasonable period of time. And mid-summer is probably an extension if everything goes according to plan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then I guess, just on Slide 12 you guys give the long list of all the producer agreements you guys have struck in the quarter. What does that mean for CapEx? And as you see more people signing up and these basis differentials getting pretty painful, are you guys seeing an acceleration in CapEx opportunities as the winter has pushed on? 
Paul Koonce: Right now what we have been able to do is really re-purpose, re-optimize lot of the gas flows on the systems. So lot of the transportation agreements that we have been doing to date has really required pretty minimal amounts of capital, bidirectional meters and things of that nature. And clearly the basin as in general and our systems specifically are running out of those opportunities. So I think what we will see is we will transition into higher CapEx projects but for now we are able to accomplish a lot just given the nature of our system. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, Paul, does that mean that -- if you think about the next wave of agreements that you guys signed, are we going to see new CapEx announcements coming in the first half of this year if you guys get more deals done just because you’ve run out of the spare space? 
Paul Koonce: Well, certainly it’s a very active period and yes, those targets become defined, we have a very rigorous process here where we take it through and get the board approval and then we incorporate those in our five year plans and update our capital budgets at year end. So yes, I think when we get to that point you will see some change there.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And I guess one last question. Mark, I know that the books aren't fully done for the year, but what was the earned ROE at VEPCo in 2013 and then for the 2014 guidance, just to confirm that you guys have seen VEPCo just earned a lot of ROE this year? 
Mark McGettrick: Dan, we will address that question when we make our annual filing with the SEC here at the end of the first quarter. Those numbers are still being worked on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Two questions for you. First, can you tell us what the earnings contribution from the electric retail business was in 2012 and 2013? 
Tom Farrell: I don’t have it – for 2012, we will see if we can get that here while we have you on the phone. 2013 it was about $0.12 a share.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: So obviously we will sell that business, we will lose that income and then we will net the proceeds against -- the use of proceeds against that? 
Tom Farrell: Craig, let me make sure, I’m clear on that so there is not any misunderstanding. Were you referencing the total retail business or just the electric business?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: If you can give me both, that will be great?
Tom Farrell: Okay, well pretty straight forward, for ‘13, again it’s about $0.12 for the total, it’s about $0.06 for electric. And you can see on the chart where we show guidance from 2013 and 2014 where we took out the $0.06 for the electric piece for that business. For 2012, Craig, that number looks like, it’s about $0.21 in terms of earnings from the retail business.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: In total?
Tom Farrell: That’s right.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great. Second question, there have been some speculation given other company’s pursuit of FERC approval that there were sort of backups in the system at the FERC that were logistical in nature with regard to getting certain agencies to review things on a timely nature namely [FISMA]. Can you talk about the timeline for getting your FERC approval and for that matter getting your Maryland approval. Since these were the two remaining hurdles and how you are sequencing the IPO process with regard to the expectation of that timing?
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. First the two approval, Maryland has a system where they have a coordinating/administrative law judge who coordinates all the various permits that have to be issued for any individual project. He has already issued -- he or she, whoever the judge is, has issued a order already which is I think the third week in May, 22nd or 23rd of May some -- it’s a date like that, which all the decisions have to be made. As I mentioned earlier, one of the permits is the CPCN permit, generation facility at the site which the Maryland Public Utility Commission staff has recommended approval on in their filings, a couple of weeks ago. So we expect the Maryland, all the various pieces, the Maryland process to be finished third week in May. FERC process is moving along as we anticipated. I know there is lots of talk out in the markets about what’s going on in various places in the process. We are fully engaged in it and we have no reason at all to change our expectation that we’ll have a FERC permit before the -- during the first half of the year. Once we have those two permits that will clear the way for whatever else is necessary to do our IPO.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thank you gentlemen.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Morning Steven.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Hi Tom. So just could you maybe give us a sense on the -- you mention a tax rate reduction again in ‘14. Is that -- and is that related to this new solar program where you’re getting tax benefits or is it other issues that are temporary?
Mark McGettrick: I think Steve, its going to be two things, one it’s going to be the number of solar projects that we actually land in ‘14 versus ‘15. And the second will be, as it was mentioned on the number of other calls, we’re in the final stages of closing out the IRS audits, legacy audits, we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. We are two years left to do that. We’re going to finish those in 2014. So those are kind of one-time event and the risk, the other difference would be the solar.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Can you give us the rough, well I guess it was 33 in ‘13, what will be in ‘14?
Tom Farrell: I think the range is going to be around 32.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: So pretty close. Okay. And just on the decision on the retail electric business, is it something that was kind of more strategic as you’re thinking about the business and the year is there is something that came up related to just dramatic volatility we’ve seen in the last few weeks?
Tom Farrell: Excuse me, so you got -- Steve are you finished?
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: No, I’ve just -- yeah, I’m done, sorry.
Tom Farrell: Okay. As you can say from the earlier question, Mark answered about the margins that we got from the electric business in 2012 and the margins we got in the electric business in 2013. And I think it’s all you have seen from the lot of our colleagues in the industry that have these retail businesses. The margins in the electric side of business have been shrinking. And you see increased volatility happening. Once now, the economy is coming back and we have -- looks like maybe have a normal winter.  At least early part of the winter has been pretty normal or cold depending upon where you are. The combination of those factors leads us to -- it’s like our producer services business we exited earlier in 2013. It just doesn’t fit our business model. We have seen that in the first – we have been doing this business for almost 14 years, and gas is a very different business. Our products and services is a very different business because of where we sell the electricity in those regular retail markets and where we have assets, you don’t have a matching capability of any real significance.  So with the combination of those things, we have been looking -- we look at all of our businesses all the time about what fits and what doesn’t fit. And we have outstanding people that have been running our retail books for these years, our electricity retail book but it just doesn’t fit our business profile as we go forward.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. And just maybe last question on just your perspectives on the price rise we’ve seen in the market, I guess particularly the gas market in the last few weeks and thoughts on how that fits in with your business plan and maybe more opportunities related to that?
Tom Farrell: One of the impacts you are seeing is the recognition by ISOs that there is not enough capacity in these markets. In New England and PJM, you’ve seen issues around demand side management in PJM. You’ve seen the recent changes in the capacity markets in NEPOOL. That’s a very significant positive development for us, particularly in NEPOOL. This is the 17th auction that’s coming up. So that’s a couple years out. But I think the biggest thing for us – because we’re down to such few unregulated assets is finally getting the recognition we believe that these markets are underserved and that more capacity is needed and hopefully that will reflect itself in these markets over the next few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hi good morning, it’s actually Julien. First quick question here actually following up from the last comment you made. I am curious given what’s going on in New England, how are you thinking about getting out of these markets here? I mean at this point are you – do you think you can get adequate value for those assets in New England given what’s going on and given at least the energy and capacity price recognition? Is there a date out there?
Tom Farrell: You’re talking about the assets that are in our retail electric book?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Or rather on the emergent side for the generation?
Tom Farrell: Now we have – there is no prospect about selling any of our merchant power plant we have remaining. Manchester in Rhode Island and obviously Maelstrom, Connecticut are two extraordinarily valuable assets for us as is Fairless Works in Pennsylvania. So there’s – if you’re talking about our generating assets, there is no – we have no inclination whatsoever to sell those assets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And could you elaborate just briefly here. I know this matter is relevant today but what kind of impact did you see here in the first month of January on the retail side given the volatility?
Tom Farrell: It’s a volatile market out there. We are not going to quantify it for you but it’s extraordinary to watch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. And perhaps just on the other side of the equation, I’m curious obviously a big storage position, how are you seeing the value of that storage improved here and are you being opportunistic to capitalize on that?
Paul Koonce : Yes. This is Paul with Dominion Energy. Our storage is fully contracted. I mean we’re the second or third largest storage operator in the world, in North America. All of that storage is really under long-term straight fixed, variable rate design contract. I think what it has done is reminded local distribution companies and pipeline companies that are customers of ours why these assets are important and why it’s important to keep them contracted. So with the mild weather and with all the lines associated with the Marcellus and Utica, I think there were some that we’re thinking that perhaps these assets were needed but what we experience in January is reminded everyone that current transportation and current storage have real value.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And further clarification on the gas side. Dominion East Ohio here you've kind of included historically as partially eligible for dropdown. Could you talk a little bit more about how much of that company would be eligible to be dropdown, could you explain upon that?
Tom Farrell: Again that is, that’s in our Gas Holdings business right now. We're looking at that and to see on eligibility down the road. But if you remember all we’ve committed to you thus far is a billion dollar plus or minus EBITDA for MLP out of Cove Point and Blue Racer. So we'll have time to look at those other issues down the road.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS:  Got you. And then lastly here on the Solar change in tax. I'm curious is this part of a larger initiative over the next few years and specifically, I presume this is mostly utility scale that you're looking at? 
Tom Farrell: Yeah. This is utility scale. We are -- we started last year, actually in the year before looking at utility scale Solar that is going to accelerate. We put -- we developed some land many years, it has been at least five years ago now maybe longer. And to see how that would work and what the value was for our shareholders and our customers. And we think Solar depicts our model that, kinds of things we will be looking at, we'll have power purchase agreement with them, we're not going to be in the merchant solar business. But we're looking at that part and we see some method and profitability.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Then just to clarify there, just the cash versus earnings profile is asset based, they generate enough net income for your purposes, just to be clear?
Tom Farrell: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: You don’t have any issue. Okay. All right. Great. well, thank you again.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning 
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Just wanted to revisit the low growth expectations, given where things ended up in '13, if you could just talk little bit more about the outlook for low growth in your service territory. What you're seeing and expecting?
Tom Farrell: Stephen, we had a very good fourth quarter in terms of low growth and sales growth. And we finished the year quite strong across all the segments. And I think one reason we wanted and to clarify what we thought future growth looks like with the whole year, is we're really looking to see what was going to happen in terms of sequestration and the federal budget approval. Both of those issues were kind of resolved early in the fourth quarter. We had very strong new connects last year, over 31,000, we expect higher. All reports that we see not only Northern Virginia but around the state, show a pretty strong residential market improving. And we think with the funded budget amount coming out of the government, commercial is going to be strong for us again next year and governmental is going to recover. Data center growth -- let me give you a feel for the fourth quarter. Our data center growth quarter-over-quarter grew 17% in the fourth quarter. We see clear path in 2014 for it to grow another 13%. So that's going to provide half of our growth just by itself. The other half of the growth would be spread across customer classes. So we are certainly optimistic that 1% is very achievable and we hope it's going to be better and get back to more of a norm of 2%, 2.5%, which is a historical growth figure in Virginia.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: That's very helpful. Thank you. And just a follow-up on gas and basis. Lots of questions I know on that. At the Fairless, could you just talked -- you mentioned briefly in your prepared remarks about the impact of gas basis. Could you just talk a little bit about sort of how the year played out, how that impacted the asset?
Tom Farrell: Sure. Happy to do that. And let me make sure I reference the right level for the previous question on sales growth. We're quite confident at 1.5%. I think that's for the sales, but just want to make sure I have the right number. In terms of gas basis, it has been an extraordinary merry-go-round here -- around PJM and also in the Northeast.  And gas units, the dispatching of those units have gone for huge numbers in some days and other days, they don't even clear the market because gas has played so much. So the basis particularly in around Fairless has been huge. We're beneficiary on most days of that. We would like that long term, but I think what it really shows, Steven, is that the infrastructure or lack of infrastructure in lot of these regions is pretty extreme and is having a pretty unusual dispatched impact on lot of the efficient gas units around the system.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay, interesting. So that volatility like you said ton days [ph] has just resulted in no running at all. And on that I’m sorry – I wasn’t – sorry for my slowness on this, was this volatility a negative for the plant versus expectations, sorry?
Mark McGettrick: No, we think it’ll be a net positive. The dynamics surround it day-to-day are hard to predict with these spiking gas prices.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and CEO Mark F. McGettrick - EVP and CFO Ashwini Sawhney - VP, Accounting and Controller Paul D. Koonce - EVP, Dominion Resources, Inc. CEO, Energy Infrastructure Group and CEO, Dominion Virginia Power Tom Harlin - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc. Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Fremont - Jefferies Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. At this time each of your lines is in listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for question. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the call over to Tom Harlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Analysis, for the Safe Harbor statement
Tom Harlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion’s third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the investor relations page on our website, register for e-mail alerts, and view our third quarter 2013 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our Company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter 2013 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on schedules 2 and 3 and Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the third quarter and our guidance for the fourth quarter. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities for the quarter and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plan, including an update on our West Virginian Marcellus farmout project. I’ll now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion’s operating earnings were $1 per share for the third quarter compared to our guidance range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. The contribution of the TL-388 pipeline to Blue Racer originally planned for the fourth quarter, added $0.07 per share to third quarter earnings. Even without this gain, earnings for the quarter would have been near the top of our guidance range. Lower operating and maintenance expenses, lower income taxes and lower interest expenses offset the impact of mild weather and lower merchant margins. Mild weather reduced earnings for the quarter by about $0.04 per share and lower than expected margins from our merchant generating plans reduced earnings by another $0.03 per share. Weather adjusted kilowatt hour sales for the quarter include about 1% compared to last year. Year-to-date residential sales are up about 1%. Data center sales are up 13% and industrial sales are up 2.1%. However, sales to commercial customers are flat and sales to governmental customers are down about 1.8% for the year. We continue to study these results and we will update our expectations along with our 2014 guidance after the first of the year. GAAP earnings were $0.98 per share for the quarter. The difference between third quarter GAAP and operating earnings is driven primarily by charges related to the repositioning our producer services businesses. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the third quarter was $241 million, which was slightly below its guidance range. For electric distribution, kilowatt hour sales were below expectations due to milder than normal weather. EBIT at Dominion Retail was at its lower end of its guidance range due to customer attrition and lower volumes for polar [ph] customers. Third quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $289 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. As I mentioned earlier, the date for the contribution of the TL-388 pipeline was moved to the third quarter from the fourth adding about $75 million to EBIT. Other factors contributing to the strong results at Dominion Energy were lower operating and maintenance expenses and higher transportation and storage revenues. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $579 million in the third quarter, which was below its guidance range. Milder than normal weather led to lower sales and lower ancillary service revenues for utility generation business, lower than expected margins from a merchant generating plants were also a factor. Lower operating and maintenance expenses helped to partially offset some of these negatives. On a consolidated basis, our effective tax rate was 33.3% for the quarter compared to a 35.5% rate for the midpoint of our guidance range. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, funds from operations were $2.8 billion for the first three quarters. Regarding liquidity, we’ve $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper, and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.1 billion and taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $1.6 billion. During the quarter, we extended the terms of all of our credit facilities for 2018. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 14 and 26 of the earnings release kit. Now, moving to our financing plans, in September we announced the formation of Dominion Gas Holdings, a first tier subsidiary of holding company for most of our regulated natural gas businesses. Dominion Gas Holdings provides greater visibility of the capital structure and earnings from these businesses and allows us to raise capital on better terms. Debt ratings for the new entity were A3 from Moody’s, A- from Standard & Poor’s and BBB+ from Fitch. Because of the structural subordination caused by the new issuer, Standard & Poor’s reduced its rating on Dominion senior unsecured debt from A- to BBB+. There were no changes to Dominion ratings by Fitch or Moody's. In October Dominion Gas raised $1.2 billion to a 144A senior notes offering consisting of 3, 10 and 30-year notes which are expected to be registered with the SEC next year. We also raised $585 million for Virginia Power in August. These issues were very well received by the market and we thank those of you who participated. We do not anticipate assessing the capital markets for additional financing this year. In September, we announced that we plan to form a MLP next year using the expected cash flows from Cove Point import and export and the Blue Racer Midstream joint venture. We are likely to file the S-1 during the first quarter and come to the market around the middle of the year. The MLP structure including the partnerships and incentive distribution rights is expected to create significant value to Dominion shareholders over time. Now to earnings guidance. We are updating our fourth quarter earnings guidance to reflect the transfer of the TL-388 pipeline to the Blue Racer joint venture during the third quarter. We now estimate operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2013 within the range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. Let me walk you through the drivers of the $0.21 increase from last year's fourth quarter to the midpoint of this year's range. To remove the unique items from last year's $0.69, we subtract the $0.08 per share from last year's initial asset drop into Blue Racer. Then we add that $0.05 per share of weather hurt from last year and about $0.10 per share due to last year's refueling outage at Millstone. A significant portion of the operation and maintenance expense reductions we discussed early in the year is expected to show up in the fourth quarter, adding another $0.05 per share. The next step on the chart shows our normal operating earnings drivers which includes sales growth higher rider revenues and earnings from Blue Racer and our gas infrastructure projects. And finally we note the loss of $10 million in anticipated earnings from our producer services business largely offset by the exploration of the Millstone generator tax. Our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. Operating earnings for the first three quarters of 2013 was $2.44 per share. Adding the midpoint of the range for the fourth quarter to the year-to-date earnings will take you to the middle of our guidance range for the entire year. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on Page 28 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call, we have increased our Millstone hedge position from 80% to 83% for 2014 and from 58% to 71% for 2015. We have also begun hedging for 2016 and now have 11% of projected output hedged. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $1 per share for the third quarter compared to a guidance range of $0.85 to $0.95. Lower operating and maintenance expenses, lower interest expenses and lower taxes all say $0.04 per share weather hurt and lower merchant generation margins. Also the contribution of the TL-388 pipeline to Blue Racer during the quarter added another $0.07 per share. Our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013 is $0.85 to $0.95 per share. Normal weather, the absence of a Millstone refueling outage and reduced expenses should drive the higher year-over-year results. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning. Each of our business units achieved year-over-year improvements in operations and safety performance in the third quarter. Year-to-date net capacity factor of the six Dominion nuclear units was 93.8%. Our power generations with utility fleet achieved a third quarter peak forced outage rate of just 2%; its best in three years. Power generations utility combined cycle fleet had a peak forced outage rate of just 0.9$; its best on record. We continue to move forward on our growth plans across all business units. Construction of the 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget for our late 2014 commercial operation date. Overall, the project is about 60% complete and about 1,400 people presently employed at the site. We have begun construction of a 1,358 megawatt 3-on-1 combined cycle facility in Brunswick County and expect the plant to be in service by mid 2016. Gas and steam turbines have been procured. The agreements with the gas transportation supplier have been signed and pipeline permitting is underway. The conversion of the Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell plants from coal to biomass are progressing on schedule and on budget. The Altavista plant is placed into service in July. Hopewell is in the last late stages of commissioning and Southampton achieved first fire on biomass during October. Our three projects will be operational later this year. At September 10, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the company's CPCN application to modify the existing Bremo Power Station's unit 3 and 4 to use natural gas instead of coal as the primary fuel. The station outage has started. The EPC contractor is on site and Columbia Gas of Virginia is installing the necessary pipelines to supply gas to the facility. The station will commence operations on natural gas next summer. The United States Bureau of Ocean Energy Management conducted a lease auction in September for acreage off the Virginia coast for potential wind power development. Dominion was awarded the leases of 113,000 acres based on its bid of $1.6 million. We are working with the Department of Energy on a possible test facility as well. Should the State decide that pursuing offshore win would be in the public interest, Dominion is prepared to construct a project subject to Board approval. We are not interested in pursuing offshore win on a merchant basis. We are developing a 14.9 megawatt fuel cell project in Bridgeport, Connecticut secured by long-term power purchase agreement. As of September 30, the project was 79% complete with four of the five modules mechanically complete and operated. The project is scheduled for completion by yearend. We also have three solar projects secured by long-term power purchase agreement under development in Georgia, Indiana and Connecticut that are scheduled for completion later this year. Finally, after receiving court approval we completed the sale of our Brayton Point and Kincaid power stations and our interest in the other power stations, Energy Capital Partners on August 29. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the third quarter, $108 million of transmission assets were placed into service bringing the year-to-date total to $546 million. Our plan includes new investments of over $500 million per year in growth projects through at least the end of the decade, including the systematic rebuild with 500kV loop that is the backbone of our transmission network. We're also participating in the bidding process for a number of competitive transmission opportunities in PJM. In June we submitted three proposals for the Artificial Island project in New Jersey ranging from $114 million to $180 million. We also submitted three proposals to PJM to reduce congestion at the AP South interface while addressing our growth plan for Dominion Energy also continues. Two projects at Dominion transmission were recently completed and placed into service. Both the Sabinsville to Morrisville and the Tioga area expansion projects were completed on plan and on budget. Construction continues on the Allegheny Storage Project. We expect to be ready to accept injections next spring and be fully operational by November 2014. The Natrium to Market Project received FERC certification in September. Construction will begin in the spring, were expected November 2014 in service day. We continue to pursue other new GAAP infrastructure opportunities. In September we announced the Marcellus farmout initiative, which involved nearly 100,000 acres of Marcellus right below some of our West Virginia storage fields. We have retained all other mineral rights. Today we're announcing that we’ve reached agreements with multiple counter parties involving that acreage, which will involve a series of new revenue streams over the next decade. One party which will hold the majority of this acreage expects to commence drilling next year. We expect these agreements initially to generate EBIT of approximately $20 million annually from ongoing lease payments. Additional revenues will approve from the drilling activity itself and also from royalty payments based on the volume of gas produced. Associated with the farmout project, Dominion Transmission also recently held an open season for transportation service from West Virginia to it's interconnects with other state -- with other interstate pipelines in Mullet, in Clarington, Ohio. The party who holds the majority of position in the farmout acreage will be an anchor shipper and we're in negotiations for additional capacity. We will have more to say about this project in the coming weeks. In the third quarter, we announced several new pipeline expansion projects. In August, the senior [ph] agreements were signed with Brooklyn Union and Niagara Mohawk for our new market project in New York State. Expanded service of 112,000 dekatherms per day for 15 years will begin in November 2016. We also announced the Western Access Projects on our Dominion East Ohio System. It involves the transportation of 300,000 dekatherms per day from third-party processing plant’s to interstate pipelines. In addition to these pipeline expansion projects, we’ve had continued success in providing incremental transportation agreements as a result of the growing production within our region. We describe these projects as Producer Outlet Projects taking advantage of the flexibility of Dominion Transmission pipeline network to provide incremental services with shorter lead times and minimal capital investment. In the last several months DTI has signed an initiative service for 200,000 dekatherms per day of these Producer Outlet Projects with multiple counterparties. We believe we will continue to see additional success in these projects in the coming months. The Utica region continues to be very active. Through October, the total of 953 horizontal Utica permits have been issued, 597 wells have been drilled which is an increase of 21% in wells permitted and 54% in wells drilled in just the past three months. The number of producing wells increased by 50% from 113 to 169 in the past three months as well. The management team at Blue Racer is actively marketing gathering and processing services to the producers in the Utica region. There are currently two new processing plants under construction, Natrium II and another at Berne. They’re scheduled for completion in the spring and summer of next year respectively. Each of these facilities will have processing capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day. Blue Racers Natrium I processing and fractionation plant has been out of service since September 21, due to a fire that damaged the small area of the plant. Producers have been able to redirect significant volumes to other processing plants in the area including Dominion’s Hastings plant. Repairs have begun and the plant is expected to be back at full capacity by late January. As Mark mentioned earlier the TL-388 pipeline was contributed to Blur Racer at the end of September. This will serve as a central trunk line that provides further connectivity between Blue Racer’s gathering lines and key producing acreage. Blue Racer’s management is finalizing multiple agreements in the Southern Utica region with the potential for 150,000 to 200,000 acres to be dedicated to the joint venture, which should be more than enough at full production to support both the Natrium Phase II and Berne processing plants. Of recent interest, in mid October, CONSOL announced its gathering services agreement with Blue Racer. PDC Energy has also announced that Blue Racer will provide midstream services for PDC in the Southern Utica. We continue to make progress on our Cove Point Liquefaction Project. As you know the Department of Energy proved our request to permit the export LNG to non-FDA countries in early September. We still need several permits including our FERC environmental permit and permits from the State of Maryland. Subject to these regulatory and other approvals, we expect to commence construction in the first half of 2014 with commercial operation expected in late 2017. Before we open the call for questions, I want to give an update on the 2013 biannual review. Hearings were held in September, and briefs have been filed. A decision from the commission is due by the end of this month. So to summarize, our businesses delivered strong operating and safety performance in the third quarter. Construction of the Warren County power station is proceeding on time and on budget. Construction is begun on the Brunswick power station. Our Blue Racer joint venture, Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Transmission are all capitalizing on the growth opportunities in the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. And we look forward to receiving our remaining regulatory approvals to begin construction of our Cove Point liquefaction project. Thank you, and we’re ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Greg Gordon with isigroup.com.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc: Thanks guys. How are you doing?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc: I’ve got two questions. The first is; it looks like industrial demand in the third quarter started to improve across most of the regions you disclose in your earnings release. Can you talk about what you’re seeing with regard to the industrial demand, but specifically but more – overall demand and whether you think you’ll get back closer to what your prior sales growth forecast were sort of pre to shutdown as we get into next year?
Mark F. McGettrick: Hi, Greg this is Mark, I’ll take the first one there. In terms of industrial demand for the quarter we were up about 7%, but I would describe that as more of an anomaly. It was one customer that gave us increased sales there year-over-year. However, year-to-date on industrial we still are up about 2%. So we see industrial load building for us. We got a good quarter beyond that one customer and we like industrial sales based on original forecast. But let me kind of give you a rundown of where we're in sales for the third quarter and then year-to-date and what we’re expecting currently. For the third quarter our residential sales were down about 1%. These were all weather normalized numbers. Data centers were up almost 14%. Commercial sales however were flat as we said in our opening remarks, industrial sales up about 7% and governmental sales about flat. So on a year-to-date basis, we’re slightly less than 1% up across our mix, that’s been fairly consistent for the three quarters now. We’re going to monitor this for the fourth quarter as and see what it looks like based on Federal budget approvals and other commercial activity and we’ll talk in January about what we think the longer term growth rate is. But I would encourage everybody as they think about sales for us, even at 1% if you finish the year at 1% we would have one of those strongest growth stories I think of any of our peers, so most of our peers, anyway. And as you look at our growth going forward, sales are just one of the pieces of our growth. We have very strong uplift based on riders both in our gas business and our electric business and generation. We have very strong growth in our energy business, midstream, in our forward transmission business, and then we have sales growth in mainly Virginia Power. So again, year-to-date we’re a little less than 1%. It's been consistent for three quarters, we will see what it is for the fourth and then we’ll talk on a longer term guidance per sales in January.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc: Okay. My second question is around Dominion Energy in the gas infrastructure projects, you list a bunch of things you’re working on, on Page 11. Does your current CapEx budget or any of these specific projects specifically target new long haul pipeline capacity to take gas outside of these flooded regions we're seeing in Pennsylvania or if that opportunity were to avail itself without being incremental to your current capital forecast?
Paul D. Koonce: Hi, Greg. This is Paul Koonce. Included in the list of projects is not what we would call necessarily a long haul pipeline extinct [ph]. The new market project up in the New York State is going to take gas out of Pennsylvania and West Virginia and take it up into New York State. What we have literally been focused on here recently or what we call these producer outlet projects which really gets the producer's gas, other interstate pipelines that take the minimal amount of capital, they take the shorter lead time and we believe that over time, those contracts are anyway from call it three to seven years and we believe that over time that as those producers get connected to us that that will lead us to doing longer term, longer line pipeline in the coming months.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: On the Marcellus deal, can you just help us think about I guess a, how the scaling of that royalty payment in the earnings contribution will go over time? Is it a volume metrically linked and is there some sort of gearing to production we should be thinking about?
Thomas F. Farrell II: That is four revenue streams that come out of us. The first is lease payments which we've given you a number for. The second would be a payment for the drilling activity itself. And third will be a royalty payment which is volumetric. And then the fourth will be the transportation agreements that come out of it. So at this point the only thing we are prepared to give a number on is the lease payments that we'll continue throughout the balance of the lease period. The rest of it will depend on some timing and with the royalties itself is on volume.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I got it.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Four different revenue streams that will continue out into the future.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Then I guess you also talked about kind of looking into the Marcellus properties and exploring the idea of a joint venture to kind of capitalize like you did Blue Racer. Any updates on thoughts with that strategy now that you have the underlying acreage contracts in place?
Thomas F. Farrell II: We are always considering options like that and not just obviously in the Marcellus and not just in West Virginia.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So the answer, you're not going to talk about it.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Not any further than I just did.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then I guess Paul, can you just give…
Thomas F. Farrell II: Yes, the shorter answer.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Paul, can you talk about what have you seen in the regional market right now as far as margins and kind of volume competition and if there's any sense of that business stabilizing at this point?
Paul D. Koonce: Sure. It is as you commented, it's a very, very competitive business. We have always run retail as a profit business so we are constantly looking to – the mix of customers both by state as well as by site to maximize that value. The volumes if you looked in the kit on Page 21, you'll see that the electric volumes were down for the quarter. But that really has to do with a small number of provider of last resort agreements that we had this time last year that we don't have this year because they weren't profitable to continue to serve. So I think as we move through time when you look at customer accounts and you look at volumes, depending on whether you have a provider of last resort contract in there or not will cause the number to either be inflated or to be less. I think as we see these coal plant retirements, I think you have some large merchant fleets that are participating in the aggregation of business and I think as you have coal plant retirements, we think this business will stabilize and grow for us.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. I guess just maybe one more on kind of the MLP outlook. When do you guys expect to or maybe give us some more color on sizing of which assets are going at upfront and then maybe some of the GP splits and how that will get structured within Dominion from an earnings potential perspective?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is Mark. Unfortunately I think we're going to have to pass on that question until we file the S-1. We have a clear path forward that we think will add significant shareholder value, but until we file that we'll not be able to talk about many of the details around this structure.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thanks. I noticed that with the processing plants including sort of Natrium I but also the follow-on facilities that there is sort of delays in terms of getting these plants on line. Can you sort of just discuss what is it that sort of is slowing down this schedule? And do you still think you can do two processing plants a year or can you do more?
Thomas F. Farrell II: I'm going to let Paul Koonce answer your question. Paul, I'm not sure where you're seeing a delay in projects because I don't think there's a delay. So we can answer that maybe for you offline but Paul can talk about…
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, I think that as it relates to Berne and Natrium II, I mean that's equipment is ordered. Natrium II is already on site. I think Tom mentioned that we expect those facilities to be online spring and summer. So that work is going very well. As it relates to others, of course the Berne and Natrium II are just processing facilities. They are not fractionation facilities. They will use the fractionation capacity that we have in Natrium I. So as it relates to the work that we're doing through Blue Racer, the equipment's ordered. It's fairly straightforward construction process and we expect to bring that online back to the first of the year.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Should we still expect roughly to a year in terms of new processing?
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. I think when you look at the acreage where we're sitting especially in the West Utica and Southeastern Ohio, I think the plan is to continue to add a couple a year. And as I said when we're looking at processing, we're looking at pretty much a skid amount type of equipment, so that shouldn't be a problem for us.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Can you discuss the reason for the lower tax rate than what you guys were expecting for the year?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. Yes, I can and we talked about this over the year couple of years really. We have some legacy IRS audits that went back 8 or 10 years that we have been very methodically closing out and settling with the IRS. And we can't predict really what the outcome might be. In the third quarter we had success in settling the 2010 and 2011 audits and because of that, we had a benefit on some issues that were in dispute and so those audits now are closed. So we're almost current on these legacy audits. We'll be current through 2011 by the end of the year. But this has occurred over the last three years by our tax proof taken a very proactive approach of catching up and going – current going forward. So that's the reason for the rate change.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Last question from me on your second quarter call you had indicated that you were going to dropdown to TL-388 on the fourth quarter. What caused you to move that earlier than what you had sort of suggested back in August?
Thomas F. Farrell II: It was ready. As we dropped it down, we had some maintenance to do on that pipe and it was ready in the third quarter. The joint venture wanted it as soon as they could get it because it's key to marking that area and moving gas, locking in these producers and because the facility was prepared to be dropped, there was no reason to wait and we took it in the third quarter.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Hi. Good morning. Just a question regarding I guess the Natrium II and Berne as well as the farmout and potential investment there. How should we characterize those relative to kind of your overall CapEx plan that you've given, are these things that kind of implementing the plan or are these something that would be kind of incremental or additions to it?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Steve, good morning. I would put them in the category of implementing the plan other than this potential of a longer term, larger pipe that we are working on. That's not in our plans but the rest of these are supportive of the 5% to 6% growth.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. And I guess, this new farmout plan, I know in the past you’ve talked about potentially recreating Blue Racers in other regions. Is this kind of, were your own version of Blue Racer in other region as there are still more of that kind of stuff that’s possible?
Thomas F. Farrell II: I would say, to answer your question is yes and yes. What we have done in with these customers and we will – there will be announcements downstream about who they’re and implementation and all that. But the way we’ve developed the thing now, there is also a processing rights, that’s something else that will be dealt within the future. That could be possibly done by us our -- we could do that ourselves or we could do that in a joint venture. That’s still -- that part we’ve the rights to the processing and whether we do it ourselves or with our partner is something we will continue to work on. And then we have a lot of assets in West Virginia and Pennsylvania that are not covered by the Blue Racer joint venture that we’re considering.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Quick question on Blue Racer and could you just -- I apologize if I recall this correctly, but remind me what the time frame that you’ve laid out for reaching equilibrium is range and then may be an update on just how you -- how that’s progressing?
Mark F. McGettrick: Jonathan this is Mark. We’ve always said we thought we reach equalization in 2014. I think we’re well on schedule to do that.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. And then just on a number -- I'm having trouble on the cash flow statement just reconciling the asset sale gain number of $118 million that pops up this quarter with the size of the $0.07 on the dropdown gain. So what else is in that number? What other gains were there? Was this related to the merchant gen perhaps and therefore below the line. I’m just curious there.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think Jonathan, I don’t have the schedule right in front of me. But I think the reference probably there is to the gain on the sale of the merchant assets Brayton Point, Elwood and Kincaid, which was transact and concluded in the third quarter.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So I was guessing that’s what it would be -- sort of just a follow-up on that, you’ve said I guess in the -- when we took a charge in fourth quarter you said it was based on the bids you had for those assets? And then -- so why would there been that meaningful again on the -- when the sale actually came to close?
Ashwini Sawhney: Hey Jonathan, this is Ash. The impairments or charges are recognized sooner or rather than later. So we’ve recognized those charges up front. Unfortunately you cannot recognize a gain till it actually occurs, so that’s what trigger the gain recognition when the sale actually took place.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So first and again I apologize if you can’t quite answer this. But when you think about the creation of the Dominion Gas subsidiary, the way you structure the business now? How do that relate to the MLP structure, if you will. And I suppose specifically if you could, does it relate to dropping individual assets out of this into an MLP or you talking about potentially structuring an MLP that would buy stakes of this Dominion Gas business. I understand it’s touchy, but whatever you can provide will be helpful.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Julien, the -- for the present people should be thinking about what we’ve said which is at present what we’re looking at is placing Blue Racer and Cove Point import and Cove Point export into the MLP and how exactly we’re going to do it, when exactly we’re going to do it, we will have to wait on that. The balance of the assets that are in the Dominion Gas Holdings, we will put there so that we would have transparency and visibility on the earnings that come out of the gas infrastructure business, because we didn’t think they were being high as fully as they could be in the markets, but it's up to you all to decide that. We didn’t think they were, so we thought it would be helpful to the financial community to see exactly what they produce. Those assets are eligible largely, eligible to be contributed to an MLP in the future, and that’s a decision that remains up in the future. But the reason why we created that was to allow people to see exactly what the earnings are that come out of our gas infrastructure business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And as a follow-up if you don’t mind; the utility assets, Hope Gas and East Ohio; is this an opportunity to drop into an MLP and perhaps if you could clarify around, is it utility itself or is it some of the gathering assets associated with it?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Those are, there’s very technical issues around what can be put into an MLP and not. Hope Gas, I don’t believe is eligible and I don’t think we’ve ever listed it as a potential. There are assets in East Ohio. East Ohio Gas is much more than a traditional local gas distribution company. It has very large gas storage holdings. It has very large pipelines. It has gathering systems. So it's a different animal. So there are portions of it that would be eligible. But that’s all off in the future. But hope, I don’t think anybody in our team here think that Hope is a eligible asset.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the clarity. And then last on the government shutdown; can you just at least provide a little bit of preview as to how to think about that here?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Well, I think there are two issues. One is the sequester and it's budgetary implications and then the other is the shutdown, which was a short-term phenomenon that it’s actually most of the people still went to work, they just weren’t getting paid. But they’re getting paid twice now, so they’re getting paid retroactively. So the sequester is a bigger -- is a longer term issue and we will have to see how this conference committee works it's way through that ticket and which they -- we believe they will do by the end of the year and that will give us little more clarity on what we, how we view what the sales growth will be.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just back on the Marcellus format, I’m sorry if I missed this; what's the timing do you think of the -- of getting the lease payments? 1when would that start?
Thomas F. Farrell II: This quarter.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Paul this is Paul Koonce. So we’ve actually entered into agreement. So the option payment will start now …
Thomas F. Farrell II: Lease payments.
Paul D. Koonce: Lease payments will start now and they will accrue over the -- over a preset drilling schedule that we have with the counter party.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay; and I would think that the incremental capital cost will be probably pretty low from your perspective. Am I right about that or is there additional cost that you have to put into this kind of a deal?
Paul D. Koonce: No, the counter party will provide all the capital for the drilling. So we get an override, a small override based on the production, but it's all their CapEx. Now we have had an open season to provide the transportation capacity out of the basin, that will be our capital we’re working through that now, and I think as Tom said in his remarks there’ll be more to come on that in the coming weeks.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then on the competitive electric transmission opportunities and the congestion; compared to the congestion opportunities that apparently are on PJM you guys apparently sort of are selecting just a few, and I’m just wondering do you think there might be additional opportunities for you in that area? Just in general when you’re looking at your market outlook in PJM, what do you think the potential is for some of these market congestion fixes could mean to wholesale markets in PJM?
Paul D. Koonce: Well, this is Paul again. If you look at just PJM generally over the last two or three years, congestion is down substantially based on all of the electric transmission construction that has occurred. So, when you look at congestion projects in order for them to qualify they have to more than offset the congestion expense, and I believe that factors by 1.5 times. So the project has to be very innovative to overcome that hurdle. We bid on three different scenarios in AP South using the series capacitor banks [ph] which we've used on our own system which lowers and seasons which allows greater capacity flows and that has capitalized the very efficient way to deal with that. Now we have also modeled the balance of PJM to see what effect our project and AP South will have more generally on the larger PJM footprint. When we did that we didn't see that there were other projects that necessarily would meet the hurdle with PJM pass for congestion. So we are constantly monitoring how this will play out. Of course coal plant retirements will be a big part of that. But to-date what we have out there we think is very creative. We have not submitted others but we're watching it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: When will we find out about the results from your proposals? When will we figure out whether they're selected or not?
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, this is what PJM is calling a pilot year to try to implement per quarter 1000. So I would expect that PJM is going to move very deliberately and very cautiously to make sure that whatever recommendations they come up with are good. And so for that reason I wouldn't expect that we will know probably until after the first of the year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Then just back on Kincaid and Brayton, that's finally over right in terms of the impairments that you guys are still incurring from that, correct?
Thomas F. Farrell II: That's finally over.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Really two questions. One, when you think about the long-term earnings growth, the guidance you've given on that, have you ever broken or can you break that out between kind of what do you expect Virginia Power's long-term earnings growth potential to be? And then how do you kind of combine that with what you think the long-term earnings growth power of the energy business? Just trying to get an order of magnitude maybe not even kind of a hard numbers around it, but just directional?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Mike, we haven't broken that but we could. It's clear enough. And on that recommendation, we'll go ahead and look at doing that in the future.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. One kind of cash flow statement. What are you thinking about the difference between GAAP and cash taxes, like how much of a benefit will deferred tax benefits be fourth quarter 2013 and then as you look out to 2014 and beyond?
Mark F. McGettrick: Mike, we don't have the answer to that question online. We'll follow-up with you after the call.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Farrell – CEO Mark McGettrick – CFO Paul Koonce – CEO, Dominion Virginia Power David Christian – CEO, Dominion Generation Group Tom Harlin - IR 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse  Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research  Paul Fremont - Jefferies Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley  Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank  Julian Smith - UBS Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s second quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management.  [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Harlin, vice president of investor relations and financial analysis, for the Safe Harbor statement.
Tom Harlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion’s second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification on these schedules.  If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit the investor relations page on our website, register for e-mail alerts, and view our second quarter 2013 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our second quarter 2013 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the third and fourth quarters of 2013, the full year 2013, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT.  Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on schedules 2 and 3 and pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the second quarter of 2013 and our guidance for the third and fourth quarters. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities for the quarter and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion’s operating earnings were $0.62 per share for the second quarter, compared to our guidance range of $0.60 to $0.70 per share. Earnings for the quarter were impacted by lower than expected kilowatt hour sales at Virginia Power, a function of both milder weather and lower than expected economic growth in our commercial and governmental sectors and operating losses at our producer services business, driven by large basis declines. GAAP earnings were $0.35 per share for the quarter. The difference between second quarter GAAP and operating earnings were driven by the following charges. First, we recorded a charge of $70 million associated with the sale of our Brayton Point and Kincaid power stations. The majority of this charge was driven by cost to redeem debt at both facilities. We expect to close this transaction in the third quarter of this year, with only FERC approval remaining.  Second, we decided to exit all activities in our producer services business except fuel management services for Appalachia producers and Dominion affiliates. Emerging shale production has fundamentally changed the regional gas markets, all but eliminating seasonal and locational pricing variations. The mark-to-market value of our open forward positions results in a charge of $24 million. We expect to sell the majority of these positions by year-end. In addition, we terminated lease agreements for two small gas processing facilities in Ohio and West Virginia, and we’ll mothball these units over the next two years. These plants were built before the Utica and Marcellus shale potential was known and are not large enough to economically accommodate high-volume shale wells. Finally, we reflected a $17 million charge in support of our operation and maintenance expense reduction program. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Before moving to operating segment results, let me spend a minute on sales growth. As we discussed on our last earnings call, first quarter kilowatt hour sales in our Virginia Power service territory were below our expectations. Based on the momentum in new connects and economic activity we had seen in the second half of last year, we had expected about 1% weather normalized growth from our traditional customer base and another 1% increase related to data centers. However, total weather normalized sales growth in the first quarter was about 1%, and growth in the second quarter was less than half that amount. We are very pleased that weather normalized residential sales were nearly 2% higher than the same period last year and our data center growth for the same period is up over 12%. However, we are seeing a significant shortfall in commercial and governmental sales versus our expectations. It appears this shortfall is driven by lower commercial sales in northern and eastern Virginia and a dropoff in usage by governmental customers in Hampton Roads.  These areas are the most susceptible to impacts from the federal sequestration due to their high military and government support presence. We believe it is too early to say if these trends will be short term or have a longer term impact on sales. As we stated on our first quarter call, we will be lowering our operating expenses by $100 million to safeguard against a potential sales decline versus our original expectations. As we will discuss in a moment, most of these expense reductions will occur in the third and fourth quarters. Now, moving to results by operating segment, at Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the second quarter was $254 million, which was outside its guidance range. For electric distribution, kilowatt hour sales were below expectations, partially due to lower than expected load growth and milder than normal weather.  Also, in early June, our electric distribution business experienced a storm that affected 330,000 customers. The cost of [unintelligible] for this storm was another driver of the lower results. Electric transmission exceeded guidance due to a rider revenue true up and higher rate base.  EBIT for Dominion Retail was in the upper half of its guidance range. Weaker than expected results from the core business were offset by the monetization of a book of business in Illinois due to our decision to redeploy our capital into other markets. Retail is a maturing business, and you should expect us to routinely shift resources to states where we receive better current and future returns and away from those with lower returns. Second quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $201 million, which was in the lower end of its guidance range. As I mentioned earlier, we have exited most activities of our producer services business due to the changing fundamentals in the region. The significant price volatility experienced as we were derisking producer portfolio resulted in a $12 million EBIT loss, accounting for most of Dominion Energy’s shortfall for the quarter. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $298 million in the second quarter, which was in the lower end of its guidance range. Lower than expected kilowatt hour sales and mild weather were the principal factors driving the lower results for the regulated generation business. EBIT from merchant generation was just above the midpoint of its guidance range. On a consolidated basis, both interest expenses and income taxes were below our estimates, benefitting earnings for the quarter. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, funds from operations were $1.8 billion for the second quarter.  Regarding liquidity, we have $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper, and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.1 billion, and taking into account cash and short-term investments, we ended the quarter with liquidity of $1.5 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit.  Now, moving to our financing plans, we issued $1.1 billion of mandatory convertible securities in June. We were pleased with the market’s response to our offering, and thank those of you who participated. Our financing needs for the remainder of the year include about $600 million of debt for Virginia Power and $750 million to $1.2 billion of debt for the parent company. Portions of these issuances will be used to meet maturing obligations. We have locked in treasury rates through hedges for most of these planned issues, and the majority of our plan issuances for 2014. Now to earnings guidance. As we have discussed on our previous calls, the bulk of our year over year operating earnings growth is expected to occur in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. For that reason, we are providing detailed guidance this morning for both the third and fourth quarters of 2013. This should demonstrate that despite being in the lower half of our guidance ranges for the first and second quarters, we still expect to deliver full year operating earnings per share in the middle of our $3.20 to $3.50 per share guidance range. We estimate operating earnings for the third quarter of 2013 within a range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. This compares with original operating earnings of $0.92 per share for the third quarter of 2012. As shown on slide seven, positive drivers for the third quarter include earnings for gas transmission projects, the absence of last year’s Long Island Sound heat-related outage at Millstone, and higher rider-related revenues. In addition, you should expect a reduction from our originally planned operating expenses of about $30 million. Negative drivers for the quarter include higher interest expenses and higher utility generation outage expenses. We estimate operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2013 to be in a range of $0.95 to $1.05 per share. This compares with our originally reported operating earnings of $0.69 per share from the first quarter of 2012. The $0.31 increase from last year’s fourth quarter to the midpoint of this year’s range represents most of our year over year growth we expect for all of 2013. Let me walk you through the drivers of this growth, which are detailed on slide eight. To remove the unique items from last year’s $0.69, we subtract $0.08 per share from last year’s initial asset drop into Blue Racer. Then we add back $0.05 per share of weather hurt from last year, and $0.10 per share due to last year’s refueling outage at Millstone. We are also announcing today that we plan to contribute the TL-388 pipeline to Blue Racer in the fourth quarter. This drop was not originally anticipated and will add $0.08 per share in the fourth quarter. The bulk of the operation and maintenance expense cuts we discussed on the last call will show up in the fourth quarter, adding another $0.05 per share. The next step on the chart shows our normal earnings drivers, which include sales growth, higher rider revenues, and earnings from Blue Racer and our gas infrastructure projects. And finally, we note the loss of $10 million in anticipated earnings from our producer services business, offset by a $10 million fourth quarter pickup due to the expiration of the Millstone generator tax. Our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. Operating earnings for the first half of 2013 were $1.44 per share. Adding the midpoints of our ranges for the third and fourth quarters to the year to date earnings will take you to the middle of our guidance range for the entire year. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 29 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call, we have increased our Millstone hedge position from 73% to 80% for 2014 and from 48% to 58% for 2015. Please note that for our 2014 hedge positions, we show good growth over previous years. 2014 hedge prices are over 5% higher than 2013, with 80% of the volume hedged. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.62 per share for the second quarter, compared to a guidance range of $0.60 to $0.70. Lower than expected commercial and governmental sales growth and mild weather at Virginia Power, as well as lower contributions from our producer services business, were the main negative drivers for the quarter. Our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2013 is $0.85 to $0.95 per share. Earnings from our growth projects and reduced operating expenses should drive these results. Our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013 is $0.95 to $1.05 per share. Normal weather, the absence of a Millstone outage, a new asset drop into Blue Racer, and reduced expenses should drive the higher year over year results. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell : Good morning. Each of our business units achieved year over year improvements in operations and all but one group improved on record-setting safety performance. The second quarter net capacity factor of the six remaining Dominion nuclear units was 93%.  Until our April 7 shutdown of North Anna Unit 2, for a scheduled refueling outage, all seven of our then-operating nuclear units operated continuously for 125 days. Millstone 3 achieved a breaker to breaker continuous run of over 500 days.  We continue to move forward on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget for a late 2014 commercial operation date. Overall, the project is 43% complete, engineering is 91% complete, procurement is 99%, and construction 35% complete. About 1,400 people are presently employed at the site. Last week the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the company’s CPCN and rider applications for the Brunswick County Power Station. The final notice to proceed was issued [to floor] yesterday, and we will immediately begin construction of the 1,358 megawatt three on one combined cycle facility and expect it to be in service by mid-2016. The conversion of the Altavista, Southampton, and Hopewell plants from coal to biomass are progressing on schedule and on budget. The Altavista plant was placed into service last month. The remaining projects will be operational later this year. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. For example, last week a hearing examiner recommended approval of the Skiffes Creek line to support reliability in Hampton Roads.  Our plans include new investments of over $500 million per year in growth projects, including the systematic rebuild of the 500 KB loop that is the backbone of our transmission network.  Progress in our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues. The natrium processing and fractionation plant was placed into service in May.  The Utica region continues to be very active. Through mid-July, a total of 789 horizontal Utica permits have been issued, and 387 wells have been drilled, an increase of 187 wells permitted and 90 wells drilled since the middle of April. The management team at Blue Racer is actively marketing gathering and processing services to the producers in the Utica region. A 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant has been ordered to expand the capacity of natrium and construction commences this quarter. This facility will provide a service we had originally planned to fund ourselves that we had called natrium 2.  Blue Racer has also ordered a second 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant that will be delivered to the [burn site] this fall. To enhance Blue Racer’s gathering capacity, we plan to contribute the TL-388 pipeline to the joint venture in the fourth quarter. A filing with FERC to abandon by sale was approved on July 24. Blue Racer is finalizing multiple agreements in the southern Utica region, with the potential for 150,000 to 200,000 acres to be dedicated to the joint venture, which will be more than enough at full production to support both the natrium phase 2 and burn processing plants. As we have stated previously, in addition to growth projects at Blue Racer, we will also have growth projects along the Dominion system. For example, last week Dominion East Ohio signed binding precedent agreements with two customers to provide firm transportation services for over 300 million cubic feet per day from the outlet of a new Utica gas processing facility into nearby interstate pipeline interconnects. We expect to place this $90 million project into service in the fourth quarter of 2014.  Also, last quarter Dominion Transmission announced a nonbinding open season to solicit interest in incremental firm transportation capacity to serve our traditional markets in New York State. The project contemplates access to the growing supply in the northern portion of the DTI system and delivering it to the Iroquois gas transmission system and to Niagara Mohawk, serving Albany, New York. We have seen significant interest and anticipate signing precedent agreements later this year.  We continue to make progress on our Cove Point liquefaction project. Last quarter, we reported on our board’s final investment decision, the signing of the terminal service agreements and EPC contracts, and the full filing with FERC and the Maryland Public Service Commission. In May, the Department of Energy issued an export license to the Freeport LNG project, moving us up to second place in the queue. Subject to regulatory approvals, we expect to commence construction in 2014 with commercial operation expected in late 2017. Before we open the call for questions, I will give an update on the 2013 biannual review. Interveners submitted their testimony last week, and it is important to note that no intervener, including the Office of Consumer Counsel, opposed the company’s position, that Virginia Power’s base rates are not subject to downward adjustment because we did not earn above the authorized ROE ban. We expect to receive the staff’s testimony later this month. Hearings are scheduled in September and a decision from the commission is due by the end of November.  To summarize, our business has delivered strong operating and safety performance in the second quarter. Construction of the Warren County power station is proceeding on time and on budget. Construction will begin immediately on the Brunswick County power station. Our Blue Racer joint venture is operating as expected, and both it and Dominion Transmission are capitalizing on the growth opportunities in the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. And we look forward to receiving our export license from BOE by the end of the year and regulatory approval to begin construction of our Cove Point liquefaction project. Thank you, and we are ready to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : Could you give us a little more detail on your O&M cutting plans, kind of maybe a little more detail on what’s going in to get the $100 million out? And as you guys are getting into the program, are you seeing room for additional savings beyond that number at this point?
Mark McGettrick : The $100 million is really broken down in three main areas. About $50 million is coming from a reduction in staffing contractors and a remeasurement of our pension and OPEB. And let me just touch base on that for a second. We’ve had some staffing reductions around our service territory to address this. Those are essentially complete. We have reduced contractors in support of our maintenance and our capital work and those are also complete. And because of the significant change that has occurred in our staffing levels with the disposition of our [merchant] plants, specifically Kiwani, Break Point, Elwood, and Kincaid, as well as these incremental staff reductions that I just mentioned, we took a remeasurement of our pension and OPEB obligation in June, which will also support that $50 million annual savings due to staffing, contractors, and pension/OPEB. So that’s the first piece. The second piece is we’re going to reduce between $10 million and $15 million in administrative and general expenses in support of our business units. That process is well on its way and will be completed here shortly. And the remaining reductions are spread across the company in maintenance and in outage expense from all of our business units. So in aggregate, that is the key breakdown for the O&M. Now, in terms of longer term, we would expect this level of reduction to be able to be carried forward beyond this year.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : And are you guys seeing more savings opportunities as you get into this? You have a bunch of companies this quarter who have talked about additional cuts and kind of bigger changes to retirement and healthcare benefits and that sort of stuff to try and manage the slow growth environment.
Mark McGettrick : Well, I think if you look across the spectrum our operating expenses versus our peers are quite low in comparison. And I think as we’ve gotten into this, the $100 million level has been achievable for us, but we really haven’t seen anything incremental to that based on the plans we have thus far.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : And then on the producer services business exit, can you just walk me through for the full year how much earnings you guys expected from that business? And then will there be any residual costs beyond the exit and the charge you guys took this quarter?
Mark McGettrick :
 :
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : And then just on the retail business you guys have exited Illinois entirely. Where are you guys seeing opportunities in that business, and are there signs of margins stabilizing at this point?
Mark McGettrick : Let me ask Paul Koonce to answer that.
Paul Koonce: We’re seeing continued opportunities, clearly, in Texas. That’s been a good market for us. We were recently ranked number one by JD Power in the Baltimore market area. We’re seeing good customer growth in the Baltimore area as well as in Ohio. And we continue to have a lot of customers we continue to serve in Pennsylvania. Illinois, we just never made any progress, and so it just made sense for us to make sure that we’re focusing our efforts on where we can see customer growth.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse : And then I guess just one last question on the Blue Racer side of the business. How should we think about additional asset moves from Dominion into Blue Racer over the next 12 or 18 months? Is there a list or something we should track to figure out when they make sense to transfer over?
Tom Farrell : The longer we’ve spent with our partners at Caiman in the Blue Racer joint venture, the more opportunities we’ve found. There’s a lot of gas, as we’ve mentioned. There’s a big increase in wells being permitted, a big increase in wells being drilled, particularly in the Utica. We have a lot of assets sitting there in Ohio, where we have this geographic region. TL-288 wasn’t contemplated as we started the year, so it’s an example of the kind of thing. That’s a pretty significant one. But we’re finding other opportunities we can either build or find other assets we have to contribute.  And I think it’s also important to recognize that the Blue Racer partnership with Caiman, we’re very pleased with it, but it’s only limited to eastern Ohio and a few counties in Pennsylvania. We have geographic regions in Pennsylvania, West Virginia. Ultimately we are expecting, at some point, New York State, which we have a lot of assets to open up to drilling.  So I’m answering a little bit broader than your question. I think Blue Racer shows us the opportunities there are in this business, and not just in that JV, but in other areas.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : Just to follow up on that last question, you mentioned other opportunities in the other regions outside Ohio. Is it possible we might hear something on similar ventures for those in the near future?
Tom Farrell : I’m not going to predict when you might hear something. We’re managing the business as we have, but we’re always trying to look at other areas. So I don’t want to give a timeframe around it. But we have a variety of things we’re looking at.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : On the sales issue, to the degree that you determine that the sales weaknesses sustained due to sequestration or whatever the issue is, how should we think about that in the context of meeting your 5% to 6% growth rate long term?
Tom Farrell : That’s a very good question. If you break it out, you see that the residential sales growth was pretty good, just about 2% in the quarter. Data centers was quite good, 12%, I think, in the quarter. The issue has shown up in commercial sales. Governmental we actually don’t expect to be a long term issue. We think that was anecdotal to the quarter for a variety of reasons. The commercial, though, is an issue that we’re looking at very carefully in northern Virginia, in particular eastern Virginia, around the naval base and the air bases and things we have in that part of the state. Commercial sales can come back quite rapidly.  So we don’t know. We’re not going to make any judgments about what’s going on with our sales growth based the anomalies in the second quarter. But we are watching it carefully.  As far as the overall 5-6% growth, we have a lot of things going on at our company. We have, you’ll see merchant growth next year in the power prices we have. Finally, we’re through the trough of declining portions in merchant power with the sale of the fossil assets, which we will close on this quarter. We have Blue Racer opportunities, we have other opportunities in gas infrastructure. We are not unaware of what other companies are doing with financial structures. So we’ve got lots of things we’re looking at. We have rider revenues. Brunswick was just approved, for example. We expect to come through the biannual review as we said previously, with our base rates intact. We have electric transmission growth projects. So you take all the pieces together. We don’t see any reason to change our 5-6% earnings growth targets at this time. If the sales issue continues, and if we conclude that it’s longer term, we’ll take a look at what that means in the overall context, but we aren’t anywhere near that point right now.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research : Just one last quick question on any kind of more color on DOE and LNG export? I think we’re maybe kind of past the 60 days since the last approval.
Tom Farrell : Yeah, we are. Just to make sure we’re all on the same page, Steve’s referencing, of course, when the last permit was issued in May, one of the assistant secretaries at DOE said they thought they were in a position to issue these permits ongoing, about every 60 days or thereabouts. We are past that 60-day window. Secretary Moniz in the interim has been appointed, confirmed. He’s reorganized the department. He’s getting to know his folks.  He has said recently that he’s examined the studies that were done on the economic impacts for non-free trade agreement countries, and indicated that no more studies are needed, that that study was adequate for their purposes. He examined the Freeport permit process, found that to be properly done. So, all that said, we don’t have any particular information that you don’t have, but we anticipate more action from the Department of Energy pretty soon. And we’ve said since March, when we had our analyst day, that we expected to get the DOE export permit during 2013, by the end of this year. And we still think that’s the right timeframe.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: It looks like retail is already, year to date, at the low end of your guidance range. Should we expect a further decline in the remainder of the year in retail? Or is retail going to be flat to last year for the second half?
Paul Koonce: You know, if you look at where it is, and then you look at the third and fourth quarter, when you look at the third quarter last year and the fourth quarter last year, they actually had lower than expected margins because of some of the mark-to-market value that came in the second quarter 2012, so that when you do a full year comparison, what you ought to see is retail still hitting within this guidance range.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies : And then I guess I’m not quite understanding on producer services. You’re talking about sort of an ongoing contribution of $15 million to $20 million. Where’s that coming from?
Paul Koonce: You know, producer services, over the years, really engaged in a number of activities. One was the supply management, the transportation and storage management, for mid-Atlantic and northeast utilities. That’s the activity that we’re stopping. There really is no value for us to add in that procurement process. The activities that will continue are really fee-based services for small Appalachian producers. Now, granted, in light of the Marcellus and Utica, it’s a pretty small subset of producers, but they still pay our Dominion field service team a fee for getting gas from point A to point B, aggregating that gas, and really that’s what we’ll continue to do, in addition to really focusing on the gas supply procurement activities for our Virginia Power fleet and our [unintelligible].  As we’ve built out our gas fleet, that has become a much more important activity, and so we’ll really be focusing our resources on that. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies : And my last question is, I guess you showed about $1.5 billion of interest rate swaps at the end of the first quarter. Is that mostly floating effects, or what makes up those swaps?
Mark McGettrick : It’s a mix. Some of it is fixed to floating, which we’ve talked about, and we really initiated a number of years ago. That’s the majority of it. But also some of that is reflected in hedging for future issues that we have for both ’13 and ’14 in terms of anticipated debt issues.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies : So how much of that would be fixed to floating, like on a percentage basis?
Mark McGettrick : I don’t have that in front of me. We’ll follow up with you after the call on that.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies : Okay, and is there any concern there about the effect of rising interest rates on those positions?
Mark McGettrick : No, really not. They’re fairly short term dated. And I have to tell you, when we put those on three years ago, four years ago now, they have just been terrific for us, and they continue to be. So they’re not longer term dated to give us any concern on any significant rise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley : I wanted to just look longer term at your generation needs beyond Brunswick. And thinking about if you’re in a more muted low growth, perhaps 5% or 1% low growth, can you talk broadly about, as you think about more generation requirements down the road, how should we be thinking about that longer term?
Tom Farrell : Well, we file an IRP every year that keeps us up to date. PJM does its own analysis. We’re still in a deficit situation in Virginia. We are still catching up with what happened over the course of an entire decade, 2000s, when nothing was built in the state whatsoever, and we had very rapid growth. So we’re still in a deficit situation. We’re catching up with that. Brunswick is an important part of that.  But you need to remember, Brunswick is only replacing plants we’re shutting down. Brunswick didn’t gain us any ground at all on our short position. We had to shut down the Chesapeake plants and two of the three units at Yorktown. And Brunswick is just making up that deficit.  So we’ve got a long way to go. Our plan shows another combined cycle later in this decade. We’re continuing our development of north Anna unit three. We don’t know what will happen with that. So I think you should expect to see this plan continuing through the balance of the decade, and our planning horizon hasn’t gotten into 2021 yet.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley : Understood. And just following up on thinking about low growth, you had mentioned Hampton Roads in your remarks, about slowdown in governmental customers. When you all think about further government slowdown in spending, not just in the military heavy Hampton Roads area, but also in the Virginia as well, do you have a sense for the outlook for power demand from the governmental side of things under a variety of scenarios? How much of a risk or an opportunity is that going forward over the next 12 months?
Tom Farrell : Well, government load for us is larger than you’ll find at many utilities. It’s about 10%. But by contrast, we have a much lower industrial load than many utilities have. I think I said a few minutes ago that the slowdown in governmental load in the Hampton Roads area that we saw in the second quarter we think is an anomaly, and do not expect that to continue. There’s a variety of reasons around that.  The issue is more concentrated really in northern Virginia, the commercial sector, which is where what they used to call the Beltway Bandits are, the defense contractors and all the think tanks that are there serving the government.  So we’re going to watch that very closely and see how it progresses over the course of the year, but we do not expect to change the overall need to close the gaps we have in generation in Virginia. It’s not that it’s [not] an important part of our growth, but it doesn’t overwhelm the rest of it. Keep in mind, our residential usage grew 2% year to date, which is pretty healthy. And that’s 40% of our load. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on the sales growth, the numbers that you were giving, Mark, was that weather-adjusted? 
Mark McGettrick : It was weather-normalized, on slide 4 of the deck.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates : And then in terms of the data centers, that’s in what, commercial? Or governmental?
Mark McGettrick : It’s shown in commercial, but we show it on this slide separate, because we thought it was important. Data centers, we’re still seeing very, very strong growth, so we broke it out of commercial. Otherwise, commercial would show a growth of about 0.8 of a percent, almost 1%. And I think that masks what the real commercial growth is, so we broke it out separate and showed data centers separately. It’s at 12%, and commercial growth slightly negative for the year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates : And then with the Brayton and Kincaid, just what happened there? I thought you guys would have already [brought] this thing down and you’ve got the sales set up, so I’m just wondering what happened, and is that sort of finally over?
Mark McGettrick : Nothing really happened. We were hoping that the sale would be complete in the second quarter, waiting for FERC approval. FERC has a defined timeframe in which they review these, and it actually doesn’t expire until the middle of September. But we thought we might get it in the second quarter. So we’re going to wait and go ahead and retire into fees that debt at the same time we got the proceeds in. But because it wasn’t approved, we decided to go ahead and take care of that and just get it behind us. It was part of our plan initially, it was part of our financing plan initially, so we just went ahead and took care of that one open item in the quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates : And then finally, just on Millstone, just a quick question, the expiration of the Millstone tax, just what’s the expected annual impact of that? And also, with the [unintelligible] reliability issue associated with natural gas that they’re talking about in terms of some little changes potentially in terms of fuel supply for fossil power plants, just how do you see that impacting the market in New England? I know you guys are nuclear, but just in general, does that benefit you guys in the future? Or are we already seeing it pretty much right now in the market?
Tom Farrell : Let me answer the first part of that question, and Dave Christian will answer the second part. The first part, in terms of the tax, the tax was a burden on us of about $40 million a year, in a normal operating year. It’s based on run time of the units, so [playing out], it’s just good to change that a little bit. But that tax will expire in the third quarter, and so that will go away. That’s what we showed on one of our slides today, that in the fourth quarter we would have a pickup year over year of about $10 million.
David Christian: Yeah, and on the [unintelligible] New England reliability studies that are underway, we’ve got market policy people that are participating in that process because we’re a key stakeholder. But I think fundamentally, we’re not seeing anything negative coming out of that, that we are absolutely participating in the stakeholder process.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates : Would you stand to benefit, though? It would seem that the [calls would be pushed upon] merchant gas guys, and you guys are not really fossil.
David Christian: Yeah, we’re essentially base load running all the time. I think it would be speculative to predict any particular upside to that.
Tom Farrell : I’ll just remind you, the only gas unit we have left in the northeast is Manchester. It’s already dual fuel, so it has a lot of optionality that some of those other units don’t have.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : I have one question on the TL-388 drop down, and just sort of parsing that back to the Blue Racer trajectory slide that you gave at the analyst day. Is this something that would have been part of the 14-15 outlook, and it’s being pulled forward? Or is this an asset that wasn’t really contemplated for the drop down before?
Tom Farrell : It’s an asset that was not contemplated. It is not a pull forward from the 2014 or 2015 plan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : So as we look at that, it should be incremental, then, to that slide?
Tom Farrell : Correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : And then on the third quarter, you referenced this outage expense number that’s going to weigh on the third quarter, and you listed quite a number of positives that it’s just going to offset. Can you give us a little more color on what’s going on there?
Mark McGettrick : We have a planned nuclear outage scheduled in the third quarter of this year, which we did not have one in the third quarter of last year.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank : So it’s just the planned nuclear outage, it’s not performance?
Mark McGettrick : That’s right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Smith with UBS.
Julian Smith - UBS: If you could clarify on the cost cuts, just what’s the annualized impact as it stands today for ’14? I know you’ve talked about a number of different numbers, but just to make sure we’re crystal clear about that.
Mark McGettrick : Well, we told you it was in the range of $100 million annually, and that you should expect $30 million in the third quarter and I think we gave you actually cents per share in the fourth quarter, but if you do the math, it’s about $40 million in the fourth quarter. So we’ve seen about $20 million to $30 million thus far.
Julian Smith - UBS : All right, so the full $100 million annualized by 2014. 
Mark McGettrick : That’s correct.
Julian Smith - UBS : And then on the governmental sales, clearly it seems as if sequestration’s impacting it. Was this sort of a one-time drop, and you’re seeing it flatten out? Or is there a continued degradation, if you will, that you’ve seen of late? Just trying to get a sense as to, looking towards ’14 and onwards, if this has sort of happened, that we’re re-baselining, or is there sort of a continual change going on here?
Paul Koonce: Tom mentioned anecdotal evidence on the governmental side in his remarks. What we’re seeing there are two aircraft carriers that are not in port. They prefer we not talk about that, but that’s why we see the drop in governmental sales. We expect that that will return.
Julian Smith - UBS : All right, fair enough. There’s nothing else really driving that? That’s the primary factor?
Paul Koonce: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: You mentioned other companies doing some financial engineering. What are your latest thoughts on that front?
Tom Farrell : Financial engineering? Is that a reference to MLPs, for example?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: MLPs, yield [codes]. There’s all kinds of things going on.
Tom Farrell : We’re well aware of what other companies are doing. We’ve looked at MLPs over the years, and concluded in the past that it was not an advantage to our shareholders to start an MLP or have an MLP. We are continuing to examine that issue, taking into account our present market conditions and what our present asset base is.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Chin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.   
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to be clear on the asset drop downs into Blue Racer. TL-388 is new, but Natrium 2 and [Burn] are not incrementally new. Is that correct?
Tom Farrell : Natrium 1 is an asset that was in the original plan to drop into Blue Racer. Natrium 2 and [Burn] are joint venture project that they’re developing now. They’re not drop downs.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And then also, I think in your analyst day slide deck, you had indicated there was a generic combined cycle gas plant beyond Brunswick. Has there been any update or developments on that? When can we expect to see any developments on that front?
Tom Farrell : That was shown again in the [RP] we filed, and it’s still in the plans. I think if you look at our website, you’ll see in our investor book where that shows up in the development process. Really more ‘18-19 kind of a timeframe that would become operational. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs : Real quick, just want to kind of think through the merchant generation business, because now you’re down to really just a handful of assets, obviously one big one. How do you think about that business relative to the broader portfolio, the broader mix of assets and business [unintelligible] and whether you think about that as being kind of core to the long term of Dominion, or not necessarily as big of a contributor and as core as some of your other businesses?
Tom Farrell : It is not as big a contributor as it once was, obviously, but we consider these stations, Millstone, Manchester, [unintelligible] to be core to our continuing operations.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs : But do you kind of think about this business as a business, okay, you’ve now shrunk it and kind of pared it back, and now you would try and grow it from there? Or is it still in the harvest mode for one or two of the assets going forward? Or is it just pure stabilization from here?
Tom Farrell : We’re past harvesting. These are the assets that we want to maintain. And it will grow with the markets. 
Operator: This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line, and enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Thomas F. Farrell II – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark F. McGettrick – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paul D. Koonce – Executive Vice President, Dominion Resources, Inc. Chief Executive Officer-Energy Infrastructure Group and Chief Executive Officer-Dominion Virginia Power Gary L. Sypolt – Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy David A. Christian – Executive Vice President, Dominion Resources, Inc. Chief Executive Officer-Dominion Generation Group 
Analysts: Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan. Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co. Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. At this time each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of today’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as for the procedure to follow, if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Harlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Analysis for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas E. Harlin: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification on these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alerts and view our first quarter 2013 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. Now, for the usual cautionary language; the earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our Company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter 2013 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2013, as well as our operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 and Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the first quarter of 2013 and our guidance for the second quarter. Tom will review our operating and regulatory activities for the quarter and review the progress we’ve made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion's operating earnings of $0.83 per share for the first quarter were within but below the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.80 to $0.95 per share. Earnings for the quarter were impacted by higher than normal storm and service restoration activity in Virginia, the delay of our Natrium processing plant coming on line, lower margins at Millstone due to transmission congestion at February and lower electric sales in plan. GAAP earnings were $0.86 per share for the quarter, the principle difference between first quarter GAAP and operating earnings with a net gain from our investment in our nuclear decommissioning trust. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Before moving to operating segment results, let me spend a minute on sales and actions we are taking to protect against, any sales growth that may fall below our estimate of 2%. In the first quarter weather normalized sales grew by about 1%, thus far we have seen strong growth in commercial activity this year, our residential sales have lagged. It is far too early in the year to draw any definitive conclusion on changes to our estimates, but you should know that we expect to reduce our 2013 operating expenses by about $100 million from originally plan levels to offset the higher storm and margin events in the first quarter and protect against any potential short-fall in our sales expectations. As we have previously stated a 1% change in sales equates to about $0.04 to $0.05 per share in earnings. We believe this early action reinforces our plans to grow operating earnings by our annual target of 5% to 6%. Finally, as we explained at our March 4 Analyst Meeting, you should expect most of our growth to occur in the third and the fourth quarters as outlined on slide 4. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the first quarter was $278 million, which was below its guidance range, kilowatt hour sales were below expectations and major storm and service restoration costs, due to several major storm events, were higher than expected. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $301 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. During the quarter, the TL-404 pipeline was contributed to the Blue Racer Midstream joint venture, adding $25 million to first quarter EBIT. This was originally scheduled to be drop in the second quarter and was therefore not included in our first quarter earnings guidance. The short fall and earnings from the delay in Natrium operations was offset by lower fuel costs and lower operating expenses. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $415 million in the first quarter, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Lower than expected kilowatt hour sales and lower ancillary service revenues at Virginia Power were the principal factors driving the results for the regulated generation business. EBIT from merchant generation was below the midpoint of its guidance range. February snow storm would nearly 2 feet of snow in the Boston area that you can Justin in the New England transmission system which prevented us from realizing expected margins at Millstone for several days. On a consolidated basis both interest expenses and income taxes were inline with our estimates. Moving to cash flow and the treasury activities, funds from operations were $1.1 billion for the first quarter. Regarding liquidity, we have $3.5 billion of credit facilities, commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2 billion, resulting in available liquidity of $1.5 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans, we issued $750 million of Virginia Power debt in January and another $500 million in March. We were pleased with the market response to our offering, and thank those of you who participated. We updated our 2013 financing plans at our March 4th Analyst Meeting to reflect the inclusion of the Cove Point Liquefaction Project in our growth plan. In addition to the 300 million of common equity, we expect to rise to our dividend reinvestment and other stock plans, we expect to issue between $500 million of $1 billion of mandatory convertible securities, sometime this year.  Now to earnings guidance. We estimate operating earnings for the second quarter of 2013 within a range of $0.60 to $0.70 per share. This compares with original operating earnings of $0.59 per share for the second quarter of 2012. Compared to the second quarter of last year, positive drivers for the quarter include a return to normal weather, earnings from our newly completed growth projects at Dominion Energy, sales growth at Virginia Power, and higher rider related revenues. In addition you should expect a reduction to our originally plan operating expenses due to the program, I discussed earlier. Negative drivers for the quarter include a refueling outage at Millstone Unit III and lower contributions from Dominion Retail. Our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase over the middle of our guidance range for 2012. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 29 of the earnings release kit. Since our last update on March 4th, we have made no changes to our Millstone hedges. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices is only about $0.01 per share in 2013, and $0.03 per share for 2014. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.83 per share for the first quarter, below the midpoint of our guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales at Virginia Power were less than expected and we have taken steps to reduce operating expenses to offset any potential impact of lower sales, as well as the impact of storms and the delay at Natrium in the fourth quarter. Our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2013 is $0.60 to $0.70 per share. A return to normal weather, earnings from our growth projects, sales growth at Virginia Power, and reduced operating expenses should drive these results. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range assumes normal weather and corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase over the middle of our guidance range for 2012. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. At our March 4th Analyst Meeting in New York, I highlighted our improved safety performance by showing that our OSHA incident rate had been reduced by over two-thirds over the last seven years. That trend continued in the first quarter of this year as well with each of our business units achieving year-over-year improvements in the safety. We achieved record-setting operating performance from our generating fleet in the first quarter as well. The first quarter net capacity factor of the seven Dominion nuclear units was 100%. In fact, up until the April 14 shutdown of North Anna Units 2 for its schedule refueling outage, all seven nuclear units operated continuously for 125 days. Millstone Unit 3 achieved a record of breakout continuous run of over 500 days. Our merchant fleet established quarterly availability records for the combined cycle fleet as a whole in for the [indiscernible] power station. In particular, we continue to move forward on our growth plan. Construction of the 1,329 megawatt Warren County combined cycle plant is progressing on schedule and on budget for the late 2014 commercial operation days. All three combustion turbines and generators have been installed on their foundations. The air-cooled condenser and the three heat recovery steam generators are being interacted over 900 people are presently employed at the site. Development of the proposed Brunswick County Power Station continues, last November we filed the CPCN and rider applications with the State Corporation Commission. The public hearing began yesterday and we expect a ruling from the commission later this summer. On March 15, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality issued the units air permit, the 1,358 megawatt three-on-one combined cycle facility is expected to be in service in 2016. The conversion of the Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell plants from coal to biomass are progressing on schedule and on budget. Engineering and procurement of all major equipment have been completed and delivered to the sites. The first biomass fuel deliveries arrived in Altavista in March which will allow testing to proceed this quarter. All three projects are expected to be operational later this year. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. Our growth plan includes new investments of over $500 million per year in growth and with that reliability projects including the systematic rebuild of the 500 KB loop that is the backbone of our states transmission network. Progress in our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues. The nature in processing and fractionation plant was originally scheduled to be in service at the end of last year. We have experienced nearly four month delay in completing this 20 month project for a number of reasons, but we are pleased to stay we have begun commissioning activities and we’ll be fully operational in May. We have accessed the reasons for the delay and have taken steps that we believe will improve our future mid-stream construction performance. Utica region continues to be very active through April 13 a total of 605 horizontal Utica permits have been issued and 297 wells have been drilled, an increase of 93 wells permitted and 74 wells drilled since just the middle of February. The management team at Blue Racer is actively marketing gathering and processing services to the producers in the Utica region, a 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant has been ordered and will be delivered to the Natrium site this summer. This facility will provide the service we have originally planned to fund ourselves that we had called Natrium II. Blue Racer has also ordered a second 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant and will be delivered to the Berne Ohio site this fall. In February, Dominion East Ohio has signed a gathering agreement with BP to include an investment of $24 million related to the installation of gathering pipe in compression for BP share wells, we drilled in Trumbull County. We’re evaluating this and other assets for potential contributions to the Blue Racer joint venture. This morning, Dominion Transmission announced a non-binding Open Season to solicit interest in incremental firm transportation capacity to serve our traditional markets in New York State. The project contemplates access to the growing supplies in the Northern portion of DTI system and delivering it to the year for a gas transmission system and to the Niagara Mohawk distribution system serving Albany. The new gas supply and market dynamics have created an opportunity to provide expanded natural gas service, the existing and growing loads in the North East market area. Dominion Transmission, Dominion East Ohio and Blue Racer are all providing the midstream growth, we anticipated. We are pleased that our board made its final investment decision to go forward with the Cove Point Liquefaction Project on April 1. We announced that the capacity of the project is fully subscribed with 20 year terminal service agreements with Sumitomo and Gail, each contracting for half of the capacity. Sumitomo in turn has commitments for its first capacity to serve Tokyo Gas and Kansai Electric. We also announced that the signing of an EPC contract for the liquefaction facilities with IHI/Kiewit Cove point and have already placed orders for some of the major equipment. We have filed an air permit and CPCN applications in Maryland. Also on April 1, we filed the 12,000 page FERC certificate application. We expect to receive our export license from the Department of Energy, some time this year. Subject to FERC approval, we expect to commence construction next year with commercial operation expected in late 2017. Before we open the call for questions, I want to give an update on our regulatory activities. Our March 28, Virginia Power filed its 2013 biannual rate review application, demonstrating that the company earned a return on equity of 10.11% for the 2011 and 2012 test periods. This falls below the authorized earnings band of 10.4% to 11.4%. If the State Corporation Commission concludes that the company’s earnings did not exceed the top of the earnings band then rates cannot be lowered until December of 2017 at (inaudible). A decision from the commission is due by the end of November. Finally, on March 22, the State Corporation Commission approved a solar purchase program that offers customers who want solar generation installations, a special rate option. The program has a cap of up to 3 megawatts of customer owned installations. These customers for solar generation will now have the option to purchase all of their electricity from Virginia Power on our current rate schedule, and so their solar generation including renewal energy grows back to the company. We continue to offer innovative solutions, designed to satisfy our customers’ needs.
 : Thank you and we are ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Listen on the load growth outlook it seems like there is a little more caution maybe you’re telling and what you guys said today maybe even from the Analyst Day. Can you maybe just shed a little more light on what you’re seeing and are we seeing the impact of the sequestration or other things in the area that that’s having more variant on the outlook this year?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, it’s heard to hear you, but this is Mark. I think I got your questions, if I can address it on a little more depth. January and February for us was pretty close to expectations in terms of low growth. But March dropped off significantly for us and so the sales for the quarter were only up above 1%. We were very pleased with commercial sales. They were up about 3%, industrial sales which is a small item for us, but they were up by 1%, but our residential sales were fairly flat. We don’t have an answer for this for you today because something we’re monitoring closely and we will talk more about as we go through the year, but the reason, one of the principle reasons to announce the expense reduction program today is to safeguard ourselves from any potential sales shortfall if that would occur. If that doesn’t occur then some of those expenses will be put back into operating budgets later in the year, but we want to make sure we got out in front of this and we safeguard ourselves to we have a better picture on what sales might look at like this year.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: All right, thanks Mark. And I guess just on that we’re kind of leading to the next question which is on the cost cutting. Can you explain what are all those going into that? Are these kind of your period specific cost that will you caught up in the future periods or these some structural changes that are bringing more cost out of the system as you reevaluate the business?
Mark F. McGettrick: It’s going to be a combination of both, some will be structural changes, some will be timing changes that we will redeploy for future periods. We’re finalizing those plans now and should have that in place by the end of April. I will tell you one of the first steps we took in the first quarter was to significantly restrict new staffing for the company which typically is in the range of 300 to 400 new employees every year as a way to give us a running start on this has been managed very closely. And so based on that we think we’re in good shape as we implement other changes throughout the company and again as I mentioned previously some of them will be time based, some of them will be permanent.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: And so we should assume that the O&M cost for 2013 are now going to be down, almost noticeably versus 2012 with this program as well?
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually, I think with the $100 million item, you should see expenses 2012 to 2013 to be very flat.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess just one last question on the biennial review. You have kind of given what your earned ROEs are and the way the legislation came in through in Virginia this spring. Did you guys see the opportunity potentially to settle with parties and kind of get everybody pass this and focus back on business full time or is this going to be a fully litigated process?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, we’re always happy to talk to the parties about settlement. I think you have to let the process runs, scores at least for some period of time before people rounded to talk about that. I do think the issues are pretty limited. In this case, I’m sure people will want to talk about that going forward. Earnings band, for example that won’t affect base rates but we’ll have its impact in some regard in what the earnings test is for 2013 and 2014 and a little increment of that peers in the riders. So I think that will obviously be an area for discussion, but the accounting issues are not very complex.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Trahan.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Yeah, hi, good morning. Just first question on biennial, where did the peer group ROEs come out in your filling, the three year rolling…
Thomas F. Farrell: Steve, I don’t have that sitting here in front of me, I apologize. We’ll get it, we’ll make sure, it’s posted on the website, it’s in the testimony.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick: It’s all out there in public domain. I’m sorry.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Okay
Mark F. McGettrick: The average of the, if you use all 11 the average is 10.74%.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Great. And then on the retail business, I know you had a tough comp last year, you did very well, but could you just go into any dynamics you are seeing in the retail business so far this year?
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, let me just mention the comparable to last year first and then I’ll turn it over to Paul to go into more depth on it. If you look at the reconciliation on the Schedule 4 which is in page 10, I think on the kit it shows the $0.07 quarter-over-quarter change from $0.13 to $0.12 and that was driven by two items, I talked about this at the Analyst Meeting on March 4 to expect this, we took a $0.05 of one-time mark-to-market gain in the first quarter of last year based on some commercial and industrial contracts that were deemed to be derivatives. So that was $0.05 of the difference the remaining $0.02 is just a normal roll off of those contracts that occur beginning in the first, second quarter last year and we’ll continue through the rest of this year. So, those are the two high level drivers, but in terms of the dynamics in retail let me ask Paul to comment on that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yeah. Steve, good morning. The dynamics if you, when you look at the ABS, it’s going to be published here in just a few minutes you’ll see that retail actually had a strong quarter. They get albeit at the low end of the guidance range, but when you look at customer counts in the kit, you can see the customer counts were up, you can see the volumes were up, but it is a competitive business. So, when you compare to guidance it’s kind of what we expected, but it’s less than last year.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Okay. One other question just on the issue with Millstone on the basis, I guess the congestion in February, is this something we should very about just with all the different gas dynamics in doing when that could have any ongoing issues, or is it just very driven by that storm and alike transmission issues from that?
Thomas F. Farrell II: Steve, let me have Dave Christian to answer that for you.
David A. Christian: Yeah. It looks like that was predominantly concentrated in one week in February and wouldn’t expect to see a lot of that throughout the rest of the year.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Great, thanks very much.
Thomas F. Farrell:  Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning.
Mark F. McGettrick:  Good morning, John.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: I was going to ask about retail so I will ask my other one instead. On the Natrium, you talked about the delay and then you’re going to change some of your operating practices or what about to help reduce risk going forward. Can you just give us a bit more insight into what exactly caused this delay and what you’re going to do differently to fix? 
Thomas F. Farrell:
 :
 :
 :
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, so I’m just still speaking in a very generic terms I mean was it one major issue or just a hardest of issues?
Thomas F. Farrell: I wish, I can tell you it’s one issue that we can solve that we will point one finger out, but it was a variety of issues across our management of it and the contractor’s management of it, but it is I consider to be a one-off experience, we’ve made the changes we need to make….
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Thomas F. Farrell: And we’ll be in better shape going forward.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And on similar topic, could you just comment on the sort of contracting status of Natrium 2 to and the banned facility.
Thomas F. Farrell: Yeah, of course, Natrium that will be handle by Blue Racer…
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay
Thomas F. Farrell: Those are their projects they are, remember the way it works, they have to contribute all the capital to the joint venture until our capital accounts are equal which has a ways to go, so they will be putting up all the cash for example to purchase those processing plants. There is a tremendous amount of interests in those two locations which is why they picked them to move these processing facilities to, they are well in the negotiations with the variety of producers and we will have to leave announcements about that up to the Blue Racer management team as they come along…
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Thanks. If I take the retail declined in the first quarter and assume sort of a $12 million decrement each quarter between now and end of the year that would seem to put you on the low end of your retail guidance for the year as is that a fair assumption?
Paul D. Koonce: Paul, this is Paul Koonce, we did have a very strong first and second quarter last year, we’ve guided the full year and we have not seen any reason to change that.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Okay. And I guess my other question would be on the new processing facilities, can you give us a sense of what the capital spend is associated with each of those processing facilities?
Mark F. McGettrick: We’ll have to get back on that Paul its Blue Racer’s capital spend it’s not ours.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  Understood, but I’m just trying to take you out, what…
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually Caiman’s capital spend, not even the joint ventures capital spend.
Paul D. Koonce: Paul, I would say that if you are making the comparison Natrium 1 the facility that we are going to put into the joint venture, these processing facilities are significantly different than that and at a significantly reduced cost from that.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Great, but they have no fractionation, right?
Mark F. McGettrick: Right, no fractionation. And so, again, without Dominion management allowed us to release that we’re not in a position to tell you the exact cost of plans, but I certainly can guide you that it will be dramatically lower than what Natrium 1 cost.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: And is there a schedule in the biennial proceeding that’s available?
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually, I think they just issued the schedule. Hearings are supposed to be in the first or second week of September.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick: And the staffs require mandates that they issue the final order before the end of November.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: And staffs and intervenor filings are do, when?
Mark F. McGettrick: August
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick: But there is a, Paul it’s in everyone else. Listen, there was a posted order that we’ll make sure we get on our website for you.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Great.
Mark F. McGettrick: It’s on the State Corporation Commission’s website now.
Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much.
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Thomas F. Farrell: Paul…
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just I want to touch base with you on weather versus normal. On page 24, it looks like it was a hurt and on page 21, it looks like that you guys had higher heating degrees actual versus normal. Could you reconcile that for me?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yeah, well that was actually a hurt to normal for us. So about a $0.0015 for the quarter, heating degree days were up, but based on wind that was occurred during the day I think it was the full benefit of that here is most of it, but again weather normalized for us, it hurt us a $0.0015 but quite honestly Paul we’re pretty happy with compared to the quarters over the last two years what we really have been hurt by weather.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And the reason why the heating degrees don’t have this bigger impact even though they are greater than normal because I missed it what was that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, you want to take that?
Paul D. Koonce: The heating degree day had really occurred in March and the March heating degree days are not as significant as the heating degree days that we lost in January, that’s the reason.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, I got you. And then on the mark-to-market gains from last year, are there other gains that happened, I noticed that you guys are seeing some decrease in the second quarter as well on the retail business, just any other mark-to-market benefits that we should be thinking about? That well…
Mark F. McGettrick: I think, if I recall that the second quarter of 2012, there was a $0.035 mark-to-market gain in retail which we don’t expect that in the second quarter of this year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally on the Blue Racer drop in that happened sooner than you guys had previously expected? What led it to come in sooner? What was the reason for that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we were ready to drop in and they want to drop it earlier. The Blue Racer team is very excited to get these assets in place as quick as they can. We had a little bit of work to do on this pipe and we dropped it a month earlier based on their request and as being ready.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Dominion Virginia Power and then one on the remaining merchant generation facility, on Virginia Power what kind of, what do you see as kind of the biggest issues for the general rate case process? And then on the, what’s remaining of your merchant generation fleet mean Millstone a fair less works. You’ve made a consorted effort over the last few years to shrink relative to the broader Dominion, the size and exposure to merchant generation almost to the point where it doesn’t move the needle in either direction. How do you think about these assets versus being kind of part of your core long-term strategic goals are intent?
Thomas F. Farrell:  Well, as far as the biennial review goes because of I mean this is now the second of the biennial reviews, a lot of them, we’ve been through the process, everybody has been through the process, everybody now knows pretty much what the rules of the road are. The legislature has some language that sort of clarifies that period expenses are period expenses and our shareholders have to bear the cost of those of period expenses in the period in which they are incurred storms, natural disasters, write-off, significant plant in this particular case. Our Chesapeake in Yorktown facilities because of the mercury rules that EPA finalized during the period. Let’s say it maybe clear that’s our shareholders responsibility and can’t be spread out and we have customers to pay for them. And also has the impact of ensuring that they are accounted for as period expenses and the period in which they have incurred. So the accounting issues, everybody has imagination expect we’ll see some interesting arguments, I don’t know, but I think the commission presents pretty clear on all these things. So I think the main issues will not revolve around over earnings, they will revolve around what going forward return on equity is that is taking into account for the providers going forward and what will be the basis for the 2013 and 2014 by any review. They also stated also made it clear that the commission should only utilize a performance standards that they had used in the past, in their present which is in the last time did any of that was in the late 1990s, in which their focus is on generation plant performance, because you can seize direct benefit to customers from better nuclear performance, better coal performance, because it reduces the cost of the fuel for the customers. We set records on our power plant performance during this period. So that’s it on the biannual review. As for as our merchant plants go, we have Millstone Power Station, Manchester Street Station, and Fairless Works in Pennsylvania. Our shrink, as I think I said at our March Analyst Meeting, you should expect to see the end of the shrinking through the closing or selling of assets by the Dominion Resources. The assets we have, it can fit well within our strategic plan we want to maintain a stable, strong, relatively small merchant power fleet in a localized region, still nearly 4,000 megawatts, the lowest cost unit in all of New England, in Millstone Power Station. And so, we are very content with those assets and what we’re going to concentrate on is building out the Midstream business, building out Virginia Power and the regulated generation businesses, continuing to build our retail business and build the Cove Point liquefaction facility.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay I guess, follow-up on the Virginia Power item; I also was under the impression you filed your full loan general rate case outside of the biannual review and while we are we doesn’t get debated in the rate case process, kind of all the general line items meaning [OEM], et cetera will kind of be up for debate in the GRC process. Just trying to make sure I have my hands around what do you think some of the bigger issues in the GRC not really the biannual review process will be?
Thomas F. Farrell: Okay, I think the issues will be the same. We, our filling demonstrates that we are entitled to base rate increase of about I think it’s a $128 million. We did not ask the commission to grant us a base rate increase. We intend to move forward and try to shift to be allowed earnings based upon customer growth in our own actions here. So we have not ask for a rate increase unless we’re found in the biannual review to have over earned there cannot be a review for rate decrease until 2017. So, that’s why do actually think that interest will be in the biannual review in the earnings test, which I think would be highly unlikely we will have be found to fall above the top the earnings range.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co: Got it, thank you Tom much appreciated.
Thomas F. Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Good morning. 
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning Stephen.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to follow-up on [when] Dan had asked about the cost cutting the $100 million in expense reductions. Mark, you’ve mentioned there is a mix of types of reductions but as we are thinking about sort of the structural cost reductions, could you just talk just broadly about what kind of broader long-term cost reductions you would envision just in broad strokes in terms of categories. As I think about sort of the delays of hiring, does that sounds more like a delayed in a permanent change, But just love to understand the cost cutting better?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, I’d like give you a broader answer on it Stephen, but again we are still in the process of finalizing some of that. I think what you should expect for 2013 is a temporary reduction in expenses and have us evaluate here over the second quarter, and how many of those can become permanent over time. That’s why I emphasize the staffing, we can certainly address the new hires very quickly from previous employment levels that we anticipated as a quick savings mechanisms for us, but I’ll try to get into more color on that in the next call, the third quarter call, you’ll start to see some of those expenses materialize. But I don’t want to get in front of the process. We’re still discussing internally with the businesses and what’s appropriate, but we are very focused that on the levels that I discussed to ensure that we can meet our growth rates should sales fall short on us and to make up for the first quarter short-fall.
Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley: Understood. Thank you very much.
Mark F. McGettrick: Thanks you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Julien Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yeah, good morning. 
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, we can…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Very good morning, excellent, first question, you’ve eluded to sequestration I’d be curious if you just kind of dig into that a little bit more what precisely was the contribution of sequester to 1Q results and secondly what are your expectations through the balance of the year in that regard?
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, this is Mark. One is – right now, I’m not comfortable seeing any of it is associated with the sequester. As I mentioned, the first two months of the year were fairly close to expectation for us, and March, for whatever reason, which we’re still evaluating, came in short. So I think we have to go through the year to figure just what are the drivers of any change, if there is any change. And so we’re taking a cautious approach here. But at this point in time, we have no basis to say that any of the shortfall is associated with the sequester activity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  Okay, great. Second question here on New England. I’d be curious, why you’re not take off your hedges here, given pricing? I’d be just curious, I’ve recognized first quarter your hedged up largely. You didn’t realize it but broader thought process there?
Mark F. McGettrick: We established our hedging program years ago and if you look back over the last five years, I think, you’ll see that over that period of time, our hedging strategy has delivered more value to our shareholders than if we had not have a hedging program, actually every year of those years I believe. So what we’ll evaluate going forward but we don’t hedge, we don’t say the market, our idea what the hedging program is to, we’ll give earnings guidance, we want those assets to produce their share of the earnings guidance. So that’s why we hedged in these windows and roll in over time. We’re going to continue to do that. So that could turn you know we evaluate everything. We think that’s not the way to go about in the future, then we will certainly look at that, but for now, we’re content with the way we’re doing.
Paul D. Koonce: Julien, if you look at what we did in the first quarter, we actually did a significant amount of hedging, we talked about it on March 4, we haven’t done it since March 4th, but if you look at the hit price and what we were able to lock in the first quarter and the movement from the end of the year, it’s pretty significant and it was a good lift price wise push.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Yes, very good point on that one. And then lastly just curious here, Open Season you kind of alluded to if this New York opportunity kind of linked back to New England reliability is that just kind of getting a sense to the size and scale of are there any potential investments there? Kind of thinking more broadly here, this part of a broader aspect here?
Gary L. Sypolt: I would say. This is Gary Sypolt, Julien, and I would say the Open Season really more traditional on LDC market is where we think that that’s headed and not necessarily fire plants all, but the traditional LDC market, that’s really looking for access to shale type gas on the Appalachian region.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right, excellent. Well thank you very much guys. Thanks for the time.
Thomas F. Farrell II:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Hamlin Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power Gary L. Sypolt - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy David A. Christian - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Generation G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President of Tax and Treasurer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Analysis, for the Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification on these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alerts and view our fourth quarter 2012 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our fourth quarter and full year 2012 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year 2013, as well as our operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we're able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 in Pages 8 and 9 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results as well as our guidance for the first quarter of 2013. Tom will review the progress we've made on our growth plan in 2012. As you may already know, we will host a meeting for analysts and investors at the Essex House in New York on March 4. At that time, we intend to provide a more detailed discussion of our growth plans and other items of interest to investors. Topics for this morning's call will be limited to our operating and financial results for 2012 and our earnings guidance for 2013. Our earnings guidance kit will be published later today and Investor Relations will be available afterwards to answer your questions. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. For Dominion, 2012 was a year of significant accomplishments. To begin, it was the best safety year in the company's history. Our OSHA recordable incident rate was only 0.74, which is 20% below the rate for 2011 and a little more than half the rate in 2007. Safety is a core value at Dominion, and I commend our employees for their achievement. In 2012, we completed several major capital projects in our strategic growth plan and made significant progress in the construction of several others. We also work to advance the next round of projects that should sustain our growth plan through the rest of the decade. We delivered operating earnings which, when adjusted for the extraordinarily mild weather, were consistent with our 5% to 6% growth target despite a sluggish economy and the collapse of market power prices. 2012 was a year of progress for Dominion Generation. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center began commercial operations in July. That $1.8 billion project was completed on budget and on time, following 4 years of construction. Virginia City is one of the cleanest, if not the cleanest, coal burning plant in the United States and maybe one of the last built by our industry. Construction of the 1329-megawatt Warren County three-on-one combined cycle plant began in March of 2012. All of the major components have been delivered and 2 of the 3 combustion turbines have been installed on their foundations. The $1.1 billion project located near Front Royal, Virginia is scheduled to be online in late 2014. It is on time and on budget. We also made considerable progress on the development of the Brunswick County Power Station, another three-on-one combined cycle plant similar in size and design to Warren County. The gas and steam turbines have been procured, the agreements with the gas transportation supplier have been signed and permitting is underway. In July, we executed the EPC contract with Fluor and issued a limited notice to proceed. A CPCN and rider application was filed with the State Corporation Commission in November. A hearing date has been set for April 24 and a decision is expected sometime this summer. Commercial operation of the plant is scheduled for 2016. Conversion of the Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell power stations from coal to biomass began in 2012 and all 3 are progressing on schedule. Engineering and procurement of all major equipment have been completed. All of the projects are expected to reach commercial operations on budget by the end of this year. On August 31, the company filed a CPCN with the state corporate commission for our proposed conversion of Units 3 and 4 at Bremo Power Station from coal to natural gas. A minor air permit modification has been submitted to our Department of Environmental Quality and an EPC contract for this work was awarded. The commission staff has issued its report and if the project is approved, it is expected to begin commercial operations in 2014. 2012 was a year of repositioning our merchant generation portfolio. The State Line Power Station was shut down in March and sold in June. The Salem Harbor Power Station was also sold in June. In September, we announced our decision to exit the merchant coal business and PJM west with the sale of Brayton Point and Kincaid Power Stations, as well as our 50% interest in the Elwood Power Station. The sale process is on track and should be complete by mid-year. Finally, in October, we announced that we were unable to find a buyer for the Kewaunee Nuclear Power Station in Wisconsin and we will shut the plant down later this year. 2012 was also a very successful year at Dominion Virginia Power. During the year, about $400 million of new Electric Transmission assets were placed into service, including Phase 2 of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs rebuild project. New connects were just under 31,000 in 2012, which is a 28% increase over 2011 and weather normalized kilowatt hour sales growth at Virginia Power was 1.5% over 2011. Service reliability continued to improve as Dominion Virginia Power set a record for the lowest number of minutes out for the year. The company was also honored by EEI for excellent storm response and for aiding utilities in the Northeast following Hurricane Sandy. 2012 was a very busy year for Dominion Energy, our natural gas infrastructure business. In September, the Appalachian Gateway project was completed, providing market access to conventional gas producers in the Appalachian region. In November, both the Northeast Expansion and the Ellisburg to Craigs Projects were completed. Construction of our Natrium Processing and Fractionation plant is nearly complete and the plant should be in operation this quarter. Last month, we announced that the formation of the Blue Racer Midstream joint venture with Cayman Energy. A portion of Dominion East Ohio's existing wet gas gathering system was contributed to the joint venture, and Dominion received $115 million in cash along with a 50% ownership interest in the venture. We will contribute additional assets including Natrium and the TL-404 pipeline over the next 2 years and Caiman Energy will contribute additional cash. The $1.5 billion joint venture will provide gathering and processing services to producers in the Utica Shale region. It provides greater visibility and certainty to our Utica Midstream business while also reducing our capital spending by about $450 million. We continue to work toward developing an LNG export business at our Cove Point facility. Earlier this month, the Calvert County Circuit Court agreed with our interpretation of an agreement we had made with the Sierra Club and the Maryland Conservation Council regarding permitted activity to the site. We are awaiting a license from the Department of Energy to export LNG to non-free trade agreement countries. Last month, the department released the results of their analysis of the economic benefits of LNG exports, strongly supporting projects like Cove Point. Advanced negotiations with multiple parties for terminal services agreements continue. We will provide more detailed updates of all aspects of our plans for Cove Point at our March 4 analyst meeting. To conclude, 2012 was quite a busy year at Dominion. We delivered on our commitments and advanced our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you, and good morning. Dominion's operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.69 per share, just below the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.65 to $0.75 per share. Once again, milder-than-normal temperatures, particularly in December, were a significant factor, reducing earnings by about $0.05 per share. Additionally, Dominion Retail's results were below expectations as for Millstone's due to an extended outage at Unit 2. These negatives were offset by our Blue Racer Midstream joint venture, lower operating and maintenance expenses in a lower effective income tax rate. For the full year 2012, Dominion reported operating earnings of $3.05 per share, which was below the bottom of our guidance range of $3.10 to $3.35 per share. Milder-than-normal weather in all 4 quarters reduced full year operating earnings by $0.22 per share. With normal weather, our operating earnings would have been $3.27 per share or over 7% above operating earnings for 2011. In 2012, we did manage through a number of unexpected challenges as well. Sales growth was down from our original expectations. Ancillary service revenues at Virginia Power were down due to reduced loads and our merchant generation margins were below our original expectations. However, we offset all of these earnings challenges with our midstream joint venture, lower operating and maintenance expenses, lower interest in income tax expense and higher contributions from Dominion Retail. Earnings for GAAP purposes were a loss of $0.66 per share for the quarter and a positive $1.01 per share for the full year. The principal difference between fourth quarter GAAP and operating earnings was a $731 million impairment of our Brayton Point Power Station. For the year, the major differences were the impairment charges for Brayton Point and Kewaunee. A reconciliation of 2012 operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for 2012 was $1.1 billion, which was above the upper end of its guidance range. A strong contribution from Dominion Retail, lower operating expenses and higher transmission rate base growth offset the impact of mild weather in our electric distribution business. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $950 million, which was below the midpoint of its guidance range. The overall weakness in the storage and gas transportation markets impact the results from both the Gas Transmission and Producer Services businesses. Offsetting these factors were the benefits from our Blue Racer joint venture. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $1.58 billion for 2012, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Mild weather at Virginia Power and lower ancillary service revenues at Virginia Power were the principal factors driving the results for the Regulated Generation business. Lower-than-expected power prices and the Millstone outage I referred to earlier were the principal drivers for lower merchant generation contributions. On a consolidated basis, both interest expenses and income taxes came in better than our estimates. Consistent with past practices, interest expenses associated with the merchant plants now being sold were excluded from operating earnings. State tax benefits, as well as the resolution of some IRS audit issues helped reduce our overall effective income tax rate to 35% for the year compared to our original guidance range of 36% to 37.5%. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $3.7 billion for 2012. Regarding liquidity, we have $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper and Letters of Credit outstanding at the end of the year were $2.4 billion and were netted against short-term cash investments resulted in available liquidity of $1.3 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 13 and 26 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. We have issued $750 million of Virginia Power debt earlier this month. We were pleased with the market's response to our offering and we thank those of you who participated. Now, I'd like to take a minute and talk about the bonus depreciation provision in legislation that was recently passed by Congress. Once again, Dominion will realize a significant cash benefit. We expect additional cash flows of about $600 million over the next 2 years due to this change. We will detail a total impact of bonus depreciation, as well as our financing plan for the balance of the year at our March 4 analyst meeting, but you should not expect any stock buybacks or changes to our 2013 earnings guidance due to this tax change. The financing and rate-based impacts resulting from bonus depreciation fall into our stated 5% to 6% growth range. Now to earnings guidance. We estimate operating earnings for the first quarter of 2013 within a range of $0.80 to $0.95 per share. This compares with original operating earnings of $0.85 per share for the first quarter of 2012. Compared to the first quarter of last year, positive drivers for the quarter include a return to normal weather, earnings from our newly completed growth projects at Dominion Energy, sales growth at Virginia Power and higher rider related revenues. Negative drivers for the quarter include higher operating and maintenance expenses, lower contributions from Dominion Retail and a higher effective tax rate. Let me spend a minute on the pension discount rate for 2013 and the impact on Dominion. Our discount rate for the year will be 4.4%, down from 5.5% last year. The incremental pretax expense impact from this after capitalization is approximately $52 million. However, please be advised that we anticipated a lower discount rate in our 2013 guidance and the final 4.4% rate is consistent with our guidance range. Our operating earnings guidance for 2013 is $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase over the middle of our guidance range for 2012. The growth drivers for 2013 are similar to those expected in the first quarter: higher revenues from a recently completed gas project, higher rider related revenues and sales growth at Virginia Power. Negative drivers will be higher depreciation, higher operation and maintenance expenses, higher financing cost and a higher effective income tax rate. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on Page 28 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call, we have increased our hedge positions at Millstone from 80% to 82% for 2013, from 40% to 59% for 2014 and from 24% to 37% for 2015. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices in 2013 is only about $0.02 per share. Locking in these positions reduces the risk associated with achieving our earnings growth targets. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings for 2012 were $3.05 per share. Extraordinarily mild weather experienced throughout the year reduced earnings by $0.22 per share. With normal weather, our operating earnings would have been $3.27 per share, a 7% increase over operating earnings of $3.05 per share for 2011 and consistent with our growth targets. Our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of 2013 is $0.80 to $0.95 per share. A return to normal weather, earnings from growth project and sales growth at Virginia Power should drive these results. And finally, our operating earnings guidance for 2013 remains $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range assumes normal weather and corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase over the middle of our guidance range for 2012. Before we take your questions, I want to highlight a few topics we will discuss in more detail at our March 4 analyst meeting. These are, first, the Cove Point export project; second, the pending sale of our merchant generating plants; third, the Blue Racer joint venture; fourth, the upcoming biannual review and pending changes to the Virginia regulatory statute and; 5, our revised CapEx and financing plans including the impacts from bonus depreciation. I would request that questions today focus on 2012 results and first quarter 2013 earnings guidance. Thank you, and we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I am curious on 2 things and if you -- I missed the very beginning of the call so I apologize if you answered this, but I'd like to know what you're seeing in terms of the underlying retail competitive dynamic, and I know it's a small business for you but we see similar commentary by others about just how competitive that market is and if there's anything you see that might reverse those trends? And second, can you comment on the distribution of earnings from the Blue Racer JV? You booked a significant amount of it in the fourth quarter there right on closing. So I'm just curious how that will look in the first quarter of this year and as we go through the rest of the year.
Mark F. McGettrick: Let me have Paul Koonce talk about Retail first and then I'll answer the Blue Racer joint venture question.
Paul D. Koonce: This is Paul. The retail market remains very competitive, it's always been throughout the year. I think it was made more competitive really due to the mild weather. Texas market in the fourth quarter were probably 20% milder than normal. That, combined with low commodity prices, just produced a very competitive environment. The other thing that's driving this is the expansion of what I would call retail aggregation. That's certainly having an impact on the market and I'm pleased that the Ohio Public Utility Commission has started a proceeding to really look at whether aggregation is what I would call true retail choice. I think until we work through some of those dynamics, I think it's going to be a very competitive marketplace out there. Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick: Greg, onto the joint venture. We posted, when we announced the joint venture, anticipated cash earnings from this venture for the incentive to drop down certain assets and that's on our website. But in terms of asset contribution, you should think about, on average, over the next 3 years, about $100 million of contribution to the joint venture given to Dominion to put these -- to bring some underperforming assets in. In addition to that, we will receive proceeds from the joint venture for assets that are in them as well based on a 50-50 sharing with Caiman and we will go over on March 4, the strategic value of this joint venture, which we think is significant and has been overmissed or overlooked by investors. It allows us to eliminate $250 million in capital. It provides very clear midstream earnings for us for at least 3 years and it provides us a foundation that we think should grow significantly in Utica region both in the South in the Central and in the North. So we'll talk about that on the 4th.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just following up on Blue Racer. When I look at the Dominion Energy income statement, where -- under which line items does Blue Racer fold in? Is it like an equity contribution line that's included in one of the numbers or how does it fit?
Mark F. McGettrick: It's going to show up in 2 places, Paul. The one in December showed up as a credit to O&M. So lower O&M expenses. In the future, you're going to see it show up in that line. You're also going to show it up in the Dominion Transmission and the Dominion East Ohio line depending on what assets are earning. So it'll show up in 3 different places and we'll highlight those each quarter for you.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And in terms of the transmission in East Ohio, would that be in revenue or where?
Mark F. McGettrick: It should show up in revenue, but it will be a separate line from regulated distribution contributions.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: My next question has to do with Hastings. It looks like -- well, the volumes for liquid sales in 2012, I think, are 165 to 175. That goes down in 2014 to 120 to 130. What's driving the declining volumes that you're putting through Hastings? Is there less drilling activity there?
Mark F. McGettrick: It's not the volumes going through Hastings. The difference there are the volumes that are attributable to Natrium and since Natrium will be dropped into the JV in 2013 and beyond, we removed those move from the hedging volumes that are shown in that table.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. But Hastings -- I mean, but Natrium wasn't in '12, right?
Mark F. McGettrick: It was not online in '12.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So but the -- and your numbers start at 165 to 175 without Natrium and assuming that all of Hastings were removed, you're still looking at much, much lower volume levels.
Mark F. McGettrick: Let me let Gary Sypolt expand on that.
Gary L. Sypolt: Actually, the other piece of that is there's some movement in 2012 from key poll volumes at Hastings to fee-for-service which basically reduces our exposure to commodity prices on liquids in the future.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And can you give an idea on a percentage basis, how much shift there was in the total volume?
Gary L. Sypolt: It's about 15%.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And in terms of total fee versus the total output, should we assume roughly 15% then or is it greater in terms of fee-based?
Gary L. Sypolt: No. That is the amount that would move to fee-based. Basically the fee-based replaces key poll type volumes.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then my last question is how much of the interest expense benefit is caused by the movement of the plants?
Mark F. McGettrick: In 2012?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Mark F. McGettrick: About $35 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question, I guess, just on where do you guys come out on the 2-year earned ROEs for VEPCO under the binary review process?
Thomas F. Farrell: We are completing the calculations but it's below 10%.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you guys are going to file that the last week of March when you file the review in the rate case?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Can we talk a little bit about the generation fleet and kind of what you're seeing trend-wise between -- and at VEPCO between gas generation and coal generation from market share and are you shifting back to more coal from gases if gas prices come up?
David A. Christian: This is Dave Christian. We're seeing and project continued use of gas. We're seeing gas burn is up and coal burn is down slightly. Although we may have reached close to the limits of what some people call gas switching because the gas is running close to 80% capacity factors. Some of them greater than 80% capacity factor.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess just to make sure. I know you guys kept referencing the 5% to 6% but we're still -- you're still comfortable with that as the long-term growth rate here forward?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a quick follow-up on Greg's question on the Retail business. You guys made some comments on aggregation, and I wasn't clear exactly what they were. I was wondering if you could just clarify a little bit what that had to do with Dominion Retail in terms of how you saw that impacting it.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul commented in that in the last quarter's call, and we'll go ahead and have him comment on it again.
Paul D. Koonce: The only observation I would make is, for example, when the city of Chicago takes 1 million customers and they put that into an aggregation business, that 1 million customers that really are not participating in retail choice. I view the aggregation business as a wholesale business with a retail load shape. It doesn't really -- the math doesn't work from a true retail perspective so what you end up with is the retail marketers really competing for the remaining market share, and that's where I commented about the Ohio PEC has initiated a proceeding to look at what role does aggregation play and what role does the provider of less resource play in either enhancing choice or frustrating choice. We think it frustrates choice.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I see. So maybe a change -- are you guys looking for changes like what we're seeing in Pennsylvania and what have you, like that?
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. We think Pennsylvania is a very good choice market. Texas is very good choice market. There are examples out there but Pennsylvania is one that we're very active in and we've have had a lot of success.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, got you. So then just if you could update us on what the asset value of the merchant plants are for sale?
Mark F. McGettrick: We'll update you on where we are on that, Paul, on March 4.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then just on the pension statement that you made. I noticed in the earnings kit on Page 27 there's other changes in comprehensive income and how that had flipped around pretty significantly in the quarter and I was wondering is that the reason why? I know that there's also nuclear decon, other things in there, is that -- could you just tell me what -- it's about $300 million plus move. I was wondering what might be happening there?
Mark F. McGettrick: Sure, Paul. We'll ask Scott Hetzer to answer that.
G. Scott Hetzer: Paul, you're exactly right. The biggest reason for the increase in the negative AOCI balance is due to pension, about $270 million worth.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And that's associated with the adjustment that was mentioned by Mark earlier, right?
G. Scott Hetzer: That is correct, the discount rate.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It was answered.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of my things were answered already, but I just -- I'd like to ask on the DOE and exports and the study that you referenced. Do you consider that debate to be sort of effectively over or are you at all concerned about some of the noise coming out of the Senate committee and Senator White and his office in particular about that needing to do more analysis and just any perspective you can give us on that?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, sort of from a macro view, I think we've learned that no debates in Washington are ever over but I'll come out from this perspective. Let me answer for us. We're third in the queue at BOE. We're the only project on the East Coast, significant project. I know there was just another one announced at Elba. We're going to be the only one that exports Marcellus and Utica shale gas. We are moving right along. We have work to do. We'll give you a more comprehensive report in March, but there have been -- I don't know how many we're up to now, 20? There's lots and lots of projects that have been announced, which I compare to about 10 years ago on when about 40 LNG import facilities were announced, and I think we ended up with 5 or 6 or 7. And I expect we'll end up with that same number. My belief is that the market will end up determining how much gas is exported because it's not going to be anywhere near the amount of projects that have been announced.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to look at the Retail business a little bit further. You had a good year overall in terms of margin improvement there. In the fourth quarter, it was down a bit and you referenced both Texas weather as well just overall competitive conditions. Was that -- the drop in the fourth quarter, was that primarily Texas weather or was it a fairly even mix between the weather impact, as well as just generally strong competition?
Thomas F. Farrell: It's really 3 drivers. We'll ask Paul to answer that.
Paul D. Koonce: Well, yes, I would -- it's the weather, it's the strong competition and the combination of low gas prices, which has -- it wasn't just in Texas, the mild weather was really throughout the entire mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Northeast. So I'd say the 3 things: the mild weather, competition and enhanced by low prices.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just on, broadly, as we look at 2013 guidance, what was the underlying sales growth sort of range that you're factoring into your guidance?
Mark F. McGettrick: Stephen, we're factoring about 2%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just curious looking and following up on that question about demand, looking back at weather normalized domain in Virginia coming in below your expectation and when you think forward a little bit as well. How does that impact your view on potential pension capital spending levels in Virginia? Meaning, is it not a major impact because it's kind of a 1-year blip or a 1- or 2-year downtick or could it have a significant impact when you think about multiple years of potential CapEx levels there?
Mark F. McGettrick: I think, Michael, we view it as a blip. We have stronger new connect issue than we had last year. We expect to have stronger new connects in '13 than we had in '12. We still grew 1.5% weather-normalized, our sales growth driven heavily by data centers, almost half of our growth. So we think on the CapEx side, we have a good handle on it for the next couple of years. You shouldn't expect a big pickup or a big drop-off.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mark, one question on the bonus D&A, the $600 million referenced on that slide. Is that spread evenly over 2 years or is that $600 million per year?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'll talk more on the 4th but generally, it's about $250 million or so in the first year and the balance in 2014.
Operator: This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.
Thomas F. Farrell: Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Hamlin Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Analysis for our Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor relations will be available after the call for any clarification on these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alerts and view our third quarter 2012 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter 2012 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2012 and 2013, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report, are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 in Pages 32 to 39 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the third quarter, as well as our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012. Tom will update our operating and regulatory activities, as well as review the progress we have made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion's 2012 third quarter operating earnings were $0.92 per share, toward the bottom of our guidance range of $0.90 to $1 per share. Mild weather in our Virginia service territory during the quarter reduced earnings by $0.01 per share when compared to normal. While temperatures, as measured by degree days, were above normal, other factors impacting weather-related demand, principally low humidity, offset the higher temperatures. Although the degree days were above normal in July, they were close to normal in August and below normal in September. Additionally, the highest temperatures during the quarter occurred in the aftermath of the derecho storm in early July, where over 1.2 million of our customers lost power. Full restoration took nearly a week, which prevented us from benefiting from the extreme weather. Through the first 9 months of 2012, mild weather conditions have reduced earnings by a total of $0.17 per share compared to normal. Lower interest expenses and a lower effective tax rate had a positive impact on the results for the quarter. Negative factors in the quarter relative to the midpoint of our guidance range where a storm-related outage at our Hastings processing plant and an unplanned outage at Millstone, due to water temperature limitations that required us to remove Unit 2 from service for almost 2 weeks. Earnings for GAAP purposes were $0.36 per share for the third quarter. Earlier this week, we announced our decision to close the Kewaunee nuclear plant and the associated write-down of the investment in that plant. This was the principal factor for the lower GAAP earnings for the quarter. Other differences between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were the results related to the Brayton Point, Kincaid and Elwood Power Stations that we are in the process of selling. Consistent with our treatment of previous transactions, results for these assets were excluded from operating earnings as of this quarter. A reconciliation of 2012 operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the third quarter was $242 million, which was just below the midpoint of its guidance range. Lower-than-expected results at Dominion Retail, due to mark-to-market changes, were partially offset by lower-than-expected storm costs and lower operating expenses. Third quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $178 million, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. The derecho storm had a negative impact on operations at our Hastings processing plant. This unit was off-line due to a loss of off-site power for several days, which impacted processing volumes and income. The overall weakness in the storage and gas transportation markets also impacted results from both the Gas Transmission and Producer Services businesses. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $617 million for the third quarter, which was also below the bottom of its guidance range. Mild weather at Virginia Power, lower ancillary service revenues and higher operating expenses were the principal factors driving the results for the regulated Generation business. In the merchant business, the Millstone outage I referred to earlier was the principal driver for lower merchant generation contributions. On a consolidated basis, both interest expenses and income taxes came in better than our estimates. Consistent with past practices, interest expenses associated with the merchant plants are now being -- that are now being sold, have been excluded from operating earnings. State tax benefits, as well as the resolution of some IRS audit issues, helped reduce our overall effective income tax rate to 35% for the quarter compared to our guidance range of 36.5% to 37%. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be about 35% to 35.5%. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $2.8 billion for the first 9 months of 2012. Regarding liquidity, we had $3.5 billion of credit facilities. During the quarter, we extended the term of these credit facilities by an additional year to September 2017. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $1.4 billion and when netted against short-term cash investments, resulted in available liquidity of $2.1 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. We issued slightly more than $1 billion of 5-, 10- and 30-year notes for the parent company in September. We were pleased with the market's response to our offering and thank those of you who participated. We had planned to issue an additional $750 million of Virginia Power debt in the fourth quarter, but have decided to push that issue into 2013 based on current cash projections. We have already locked in treasury rates with hedges for a substantial portion of our anticipated 2013 debt needs and have begun to lock in rates for 2014 needs as well. As part of our 2012 and 2013 financing plans, we will issue new shares of common stock through our dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, as well as from our compensation and benefit plans, which is expected to raise about $320 million of new equity in each of those years. The expected proceeds from the sale of the 3 merchant power stations should be sufficient to offset any need for market equity in 2013, as well as reduce some of our debt need. Now to earnings guidance. We estimate operating earnings for the fourth quarter within a range of $0.65 to $0.75 per share. This compares with original operating earnings of $0.58 per share for the fourth quarter of 2011, which included about $0.08 per share of weather hurdle. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, positive drivers for the quarter include a return to normal weather, earnings from our newly-completed growth projects at Dominion Energy, sales growth at Virginia Power and higher Rider-related revenues from our generation growth projects. Negative drivers for the quarter include lower merchant generation margins and a higher effective tax rate. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year 2012 has been $3.10 to $3.35 per share. With normal weather, our year-to-date operating earnings would have been $2.53 per share rather than the $2.36 per share we have reported. Adding the middle of our fourth quarter guidance range to our reported year-to-date operating earnings would result in a full year operating earnings that would be below the bottom of our guidance range. Therefore, absent a cold fourth quarter, it will be difficult for us to achieve full year results that are within that range. However, when adjusted for weather, we expect earnings in the middle of our guidance range, which is 5% to 6% above the $3.05 per share we earned in 2011. Last month, we issued operating earnings guidance for 2013 of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range assumes normal weather and corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase over the middle of our guidance range for 2012. Therefore, the weather hurdle we have experienced in 2012 should have no impact on our growth targets for 2013 and beyond. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on Page 29 of the earnings release kit. With the decision to sell the Brayton Point and Kincaid Power Stations and our 50% interest in the Elwood Power Station, we will no longer include these positions in our hedge disclosure. Since our last earnings call, we have made no changes to our hedge position for Millstone. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices for the remainder of 2012 is less than $0.01 per share. Our sensitivity to a similar move in 2013 is now only about $0.025 per share. As shown on Slide 9, we have locked in nearly all of our anticipated 2013 output at prices significantly above current market rates. Locking in these positions reduces the risk associated with achieving our earnings growth targets. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings for the third quarter were toward the bottom of our guidance range. Lower interest expenses and a lower effective tax rate had a positive impact on results for the quarter. Negative factors in the quarter relative to midpoint of the guidance range were mild weather, higher operating expenses and unplanned outages at Hastings and Millstone. Our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012 is $0.65 to $0.75 per share. We expect weather-normalized earnings for 2012 to be in the middle of our original guidance range and consistent with our 5% to 6% weather-normalized earnings growth target. And finally, we have issued operating earnings guidance for 2013 of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. The middle of this range assumes normal weather and corresponds to a 5% to 6% increase of the middle of our guidance range for 2012. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. Each of our business units delivered strong operating performance in the third quarter and in every case, with improving safety performance. Year-to-date, net capacity factor of the 7 Dominion nuclear units, excluding refueling outages, was 99%. Including the 3 refueling outages, the net capacity factor for the 9 -- first 9 months of 2012 was an impressive 95%. Earlier this week, we announced our decision to close and decommission the Kewaunee nuclear power station. Last year, we announced our intention to sell the facility because it no longer fit strategically with our merchant portfolio. However, we were unable to find a buyer for Kewaunee and expect to cease power production in the second quarter of next year and move to safe shutdown. The decommissioning obligation is fully funded. Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was declared commercial on July 10. The $1.8 billion project was completed safely, on-budget and on-schedule following 4 years of construction. During the third quarter, significant progress was made toward biomass commissioning, which should be completed during the fourth quarter. Construction activities are progressing for the 1,329 megawatt Warren County 3-on-1 combined cycle plant. The EPC contractor has poured the foundations for the major equipment components. This fully-wrapped $1.1 billion project is scheduled for completion in late 2014 and is on-time and on-budget. The company advanced plans for another 1,300-megawatt 3-on-1 combined cycle plant to be located in Brunswick County, Virginia. The facility is expected to be in service in 2016 and should have costs similar to the Warren County plant. We have made progress with equipment procurement, gas supply agreements and permitting is underway. On July 31, Dominion executed the EPC contract with Fluor and issued a limited notice to proceed. We expect to file a CPCN and Rider applications with the Virginia State Corporation Commission next month. The projects to convert the AltaVista, Southhampton and Hopewell Power Stations from coal to biomass are progressing on schedule and on budget. Engineering is 95% complete, and the 3 projects are expected to reach commercial operations prior to the end of next year. The company is proposing to modify the existing Bremo Power Station Units 3 and 4 by converting them to use natural gas instead of coal. A minor air permit modification has been submitted to the Department of Environmental Quality, and a fixed-price EPC contract for this work has been awarded. A CPCN application was filed with the State Corporation Commission in August. Pending the receipt of the required approvals, the station will commence operations on natural gas beginning in the summer of 2014. Dominion Energy continues to make significant progress on its growth program. The Appalachian Gateway Project was placed into service on September 1, on time and below budget. Pipeline expansion will relieve congestion in the region allowing conventional natural gas production to move to market. Both the next -- Northeast Expansion and the Ellisburg to Craigs Projects are expected to be in service next week, on-time and on budget. Development of the Utica Shale formation is proceeding, as demonstrated by the leading indicators of announced well permits and drilling activity. Through early October, the Ohio Department of Natural Resources had issued 413 horizontal well permits to multiple producers with 176 wells drilled to-date. 35 of those wells are now producing. 24 rigs are currently on location in Ohio. Dominion continues to leverage our Ohio and West Virginia infrastructure in support of this rapidly-growing energy supply. The construction of Natrium in Phase I is moving forward. The inlet, outlet and product lines are expected to be complete in November. All major equipment, spheres and towers have been set, and piping and electrical work has been progressing well. Over 900 workers are on-site, working 2 shifts to meet the late December in-service date. As noted in our last earnings call, recent legislation paved the way for Dominion East Ohio to construct new gathering facilities and to convert existing strategically-located pipelines to wet gathering service outside of utility rate regulation. Building on that framework, we have entered into several gathering and processing agreements to date, and we continue to negotiate with many producers and midstream developers. And as disclosed last quarter, Dominion East Ohio is now negotiating with parties who express interest in over 1 billion cubic feet per day of residue gas transportation, moving processed gas from Ohio plant outlets to various downstream interstate pipelines. We're pleased to announce that Dominion East Ohio recently entered into a long-term service agreement with M3 Ohio Gathering to provide significant firm gathering services for wet gas in Northeastern Ohio. Under this agreement, Dominion will receive 180 million cubic feet per day of gas from Utica in conventional wells committed to M3 Ohio, and we'll deliver those volumes to the Kensington processing plant, which is presently under construction. The services will be provided from existing pipeline assets, with limited capital upgrades to support the project. We will begin this gathering service for phases of Kensington that are slated to come online in early 2014. We are continuing to develop a liquefaction project at Cove Point. The project, which is expected to cost between $2.5 billion and $3.5 billion, exclusive of financing costs, has a planned capacity of approximately 750 million cubic feet per day on the inlet and 4.5 million to 5 million metric tons per annum on the outlet. Dominion has continued to receive strong interest from the market and is in advanced negotiations with multiple parties for definitive terminal service agreements. We have made significant progress toward finalizing these agreements and remain confident that the full plant capacity will be contracted by the end of this year. On October 1, a hearing was held in Maryland State Court in our request for declaratory judgment regarding the Sierra Club's challenge to the project. The other party to the agreement at issue is the Maryland Conservation Council, who filed a brief fully supporting Dominion's position. A decision is expected on this matter later this year. The front-end engineering and design studies are on schedule and are progressing well. The FERC prefiling process is also progressing in accordance with plan. Two open-house meetings have been held with the public to discuss the scope of the project. FERC issued its notice of intent to prepare an environmental assessment that will address the potential environmental impact of the construction and operational facility supporting the project. We will provide a more detailed cost estimate early next year as those studies become more defined and we finalize our financing plans. Subject to successful completion of engineering studies, execution of terminal services agreements and after we receive the necessary approvals, we anticipate beginning construction in 2014, with an in-service date in 2017. At Virginia Power, economic growth is continuing to drive improving results. Compared to 2011, weather-adjusted sales are up 1.5% year-to-date. Year-over-year growth in sales to data centers was 9% for both the third quarter and year-to-date. New connects for the third quarter were also well above last year's level. New connects in the first 9 months of 2012 actually are about 30% higher than the comparable period for 2011. On the regulatory front, hearings were held in October on our application for an increase in base rates for our North Carolina service area. The request is for a $53 million increase in base rates, less a $27 million reduction in fuel revenues. The net revenue increase of $26 million incorporates an 11.25% return on equity. We expect the decision by year end. On September 15, a hearing was held in our Virginia Supreme Court appeal of the effective date for the return on equity established by Virginia State Corporation Commission to be used in next year's biannual review. The effective date will establish whether the average authorized return on equity is 10.9% or 11.36%. So including the statutory return on equity collar, the appeal will determine if the return on equity to be used for the biannual review of 2011 and 2012 earnings is 11.4% or 11.86%. We expect the final decision next month. Virginia Power's return on equity computed using GAAP earnings adjusted for rate-making was less than 9% for 2011. Incorporating results through the third quarter of 2012, Virginia Power's similarly-adjusted return on equity for the first 21 months of the 24 months to be covered in the 2011 and '12 biannual review is about 9.5%. So to conclude, all 3 of our business units performed well and together delivered results that met our expectations. We continue to move forward all of our growth plans and expect to deliver 5% to 6% weather-normalized earnings per share growth in 2013 and beyond. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, just -- I want to make sure I understand on the Cove Point lawsuit in Maryland. I think originally the expectation was there would be a decision toward the end of this month, and then you said by year end in your comments. Is there some slippage on that from a schedule or procedural process? Or do you think that the original expectation is still reasonable?
Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, I'm not sure where an expectation come, they would come by the end of this month. I don't think we ever said that. But the hearing was October 1, and all the parties agreed that the -- no evidence was needed and the judge could decide the case based on the briefs. There's no change in expected timing. It could come any day.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then on VEPCO with the earned ROE at 9.5% through the first 21 months. Can you just walk through some of the major adjustments, the derecho and those sorts of costs that you guys have in there that the commission might potentially try to address as far as maybe adjusting the ROE and where your position is on the validity of those expenses coming out of the ROE calculation?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, there are a variety of them that occurred in 2011, 2012. I wouldn't call them adjustments. They are GAAP earnings, which is what the statute calls for the commission to review. There are, like I said, a number of them. First, one is the VSP that was -- we did the early retirement program that was in -- severance program, which was in 2010. The commission's last biannual review carried $100 million of that negative effect into this biannual review. We have derecho, we have write-off of the cash for allowances -- or care allowances, rather. And one of the important things to keep in mind is we are $0.17 down for weather in 2012, which is what it is. There's no weather adjustment for any rate-making in Virginia whether it's forward-looking rates or for biannual reviews. So there's a number of issues. We have the coal plants in Chesapeake and Yorktown and some others. So there's a list of them. We can be happy to take you through the details of each of them if you have any further questions.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just the last one, Tom, on when we were looking at the decision to sell the coal plants. I'm kind of surprised that there was no ultimate bid for Kewaunee and the idea of -- actually, selling a nuclear power station is interesting. But what is your level of confidence or what's the level of interest you've had on those plants so far and your timeline is going to help defray some of the equity needs for '13 and maybe in '14.
Thomas F. Farrell: We have very high interest actually in those plants. We've had many, many parties express interest. I don't think you can compare -- you obviously can do whatever you want. I don't think you should compare Kewaunee to Kincaid, Elwood or Brayton Point Power Station. Kewaunee is a very unfortunate situation. It's a superbly operating plant. There are great people there, but it is a relatively small nuclear facility. In MISO, there's no capacity payments there. Gas prices have reduced the energy prices there, which I think is very difficult for a single-unit nuclear facility to, at least for us, to work in that market. We couldn't make it work and apparently nobody else could either since we found no buyers. But I don't think that's a comparable situation to a Brayton Point, Kincaid.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The first question is just a clarification, which is based on the fourth quarter guidance of $0.65 to $0.75 effectively, then your annual guidance would really be now $3 to $3.35. Is that fair?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. We did not change the $3.10 to $3.35. But what we wanted to give everybody color on today is that with the range we gave for the fourth quarter, we're going to need $0.04 or $0.05 of weather, cold up to normal weather, to get into the original guidance range of $3.10 to $3.35. So we've kind of bounded it for everybody. But the most important thing we think to focus on there is that with the ranges out there, when you normalize for weather, we are right in the middle of our weather-normalized 5% to 6% growth off last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Second question would be, when you talk about sort of the interest expense on power plants being excluded, would the bulk of the interest savings at corporate and other also be financing costs associated with those plants? Or is it just a generation that we should be looking at in terms of the interest savings?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, the interest savings this month that was taken out of operating earnings was about $17 million, and that's what you should expect in the fourth quarter as well from the sale of the merchant plants.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Because the total interest savings was closer to $50 million, so can you at all walk us through what the driver was for the...
Mark F. McGettrick: Are you talking quarter-over-quarter? Year-over-year? What are we talking about?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Third quarter 2012 versus third quarter 2011. It looked like the consolidated interest savings was close to $50 million.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, I think we'll need to walk you through that, Paul, on that number. There's only one other item that impacted interest year-over-year of significance, other than our focus. Now we have refinanced a lot of debt. Year-over-year, debt has improved '12 over '11, which has lowered our interest expense. We have the non-offs of the merchant plants, which I referenced was to $17 million. And we did have one interest rate swap we settled in the third quarter of this year, which was about $10 million. So the way I would describe it is you take the $10 million plus the $17 million, which we've referenced and the rest of it has to do with efficiencies around refinancing of the portfolio.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question would be, there's a significant increase I think at VEPCO in terms of operating and maintenance expense there. What would have been the driver there?
Mark F. McGettrick: Again, what period are you talking about?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Again, the third quarter '12 over third quarter '11. It looks like interest -- O&M expense is up like $20 million?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'll ask Paul Koonce to go ahead and take that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, you're right. That is net in the kit. That's electric transmission-related O&M, so it's Rider-related O&M, so it's offset in the revenue. So it really has no earnings impact.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So the -- just to be clear -- just to clear up the -- from the last question, if the -- you earned $2.36 for the 9 months ending and the guidance is $0.65 to $0.75, then before the weather add-back, you'd be between $3.01 and $3.11, is that fair?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Other than the biannual review, is it right that you're also going to probably have a base rate case next year? And can you talk about what will be adjudicated in that versus what won't be adjudicated in that given the way the legislation works? I mean, is ROE going to be addressed or is ROE already sort of set through the biannual rate review and it's really just a review of operating cost and capital. I'm just a little unclear on how this all works together.
Thomas F. Farrell: Sure, Greg. The way the statute works, if you -- the collar -- you have to over-earn above the collar in 2 consecutive rate reviews in order for there to be a consideration of a reduction in your rates. And so it has to be above the 50 basis points twice, the collar, twice, consecutively. In order to ask for a base rate increase, you only have to be below the 50-basis-point collar once. We believe we will be significantly below the 50-basis-point collar at the end of the biannual review, which means that we -- triggers the possibility of a rate increase, so that we anticipate -- and the way the commission ruled last year was that we should -- if there's going to be a base rate case, it should be filed at the same time as the biannual review. So the ROE issue will be basically the same in both of them, but we will be filing for all of our increased costs that we've been associated with, the run rate we've had at the company. There'll be more traditional rate cases. Of course, you don't have any of the Riders in there. The earnings from the transmission, electric transmission or from the generation Riders are not included in the rate review and would not be included in a base rate review.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And a reset of the return on equity would also not be in -- a part of that case or would it?
Thomas F. Farrell: The review of the ROE is in both a biannual review and in a rate case.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: With the $17 million of debt associated with the plants, I was a little confused by that. How does that actually work? I mean, is that going with the plants? Is that going to be...
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, what we've done consistent with any of the divestitures that we've had is we take out the EBIT contribution from operating, nonoperating, and we take out the interest expense for financing, whatever the asset might be. We did it with the Peoples transaction. We did it with Hope. We did it with Kewaunee. We've done it with all of them. But the asset base here is fairly big, so it's kind of stuck out where it's a larger number. But we've always taken out both sides, and we'll continue to do that until the plant is sold.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. The write-offs, if you look year-over-year, we just see a lot of write-offs. I'm just sort of wondering, should we basically -- how should we think about these nonrecurring expenses going forward? Are we pretty much -- do you think we're pretty much through with the merchant write-off experience? Or I guess, also, I guess anything at the utility or what have you, I mean how should we think about sort of recurring, nonrecurring expenses, if you follow me?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think it is fair to say over the last 2, 3 years we've had quite a few nonoperating expenses as we've reshaped the portfolio, some positive, some negative. Peoples was a positive expense in the sale that we've had there. But I think we're nearing the end of that, if not at the end. So we think '13 after the resolution of the merchant assets that are currently out for sale, I think you should see pretty clean operating versus nonoperating expenses going forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the EDGE, that program that you guys have, which you didn't highlight in this presentation but you have in previous ones. So if you just sort of elaborate to us how about you think that might impact Dominion, specifically, but just also any industry impact this algorithm that you guys have come up with?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, first off, with respect to Dominion, we're not forecasting. It is part of our earnings other than -- what we hope to get out of it next year is in the 5% to 6% per share earnings growth projection or forecast. It depends -- the product works, that's for sure. How many people we're able to show that to and sell it to and its potential impacts, we're going to -- it's not just going to be in the United States. It's also -- I think it works everywhere, particularly useful I think in Europe to meet their energy efficiency mandatory targets. But we'll see. I can't forecast for you yet what it will do to Dominion's earnings growth, positive way or what it would do to the industry at large. But there's no question I don't think -- the algorithm works. It allows you to certainly reduce your fuel expense across your system.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And -- okay. But we can't get really a sense of -- do you have any idea when we might get a better idea as to what the impact might be or is it just sort of too much whatchamacallit?
Thomas F. Farrell: I think we'll probably not be able to give you any real good view of that until 2014.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. Just first on the utility sales. The -- Tom, you mentioned the strong data centers and new connects. Overall sales look down some, I assume some of that's weather. But industrial is also down. Could you just give more color on the sales growth this year and thoughts on outlook for that?
Thomas F. Farrell: We'll ask Paul Koonce to do that for you, Steve.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, if you look at what's in the kit. Certainly, that's actual sales which take into account sort of the weather impact that we experienced in the third quarter and really the absence of derecho weather, mostly. But as Mark mentioned in the call, September was certainly below. We are seeing strong growth. Tom mentioned 1.5% year-to-date weather-normalized sales. We've mentioned in previous quarters that there's been some ramp-rate demand around data centers. We saw that pick up. So I think from quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see a little lumpiness there. But from a revenue standpoint, those customers have contract minimum demand, so we're protected. But I see -- I think you see that kind of coming through a little bit this quarter. Industrial sales are down about 100,000 megawatt hours. Of course, that's against the total system of about 23 million for the quarter. We're not a very intense industrial marketplace with sort of a Northern Virginia, Central and Eastern Virginia. And it is just kind of a lot of small numbers added up. I would say if you looked at our top 5 industrial customers, their consumption is up, so that's good. So what you see in the kit is really the actual sales based on the weather. But when we kind of peel it back, we have seen very strong megawatt hour sales to data centers and generally, kind of accumulation of new connects over the last 12 months.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, this is Mark. The only thing I'd add to Paul's comments was, to your -- and you referenced to weather. Quarter-over-quarter, weather was about $0.06 better last year than this year. And so there wasn't a weather extreme in the actual numbers as well.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. One other separate question on the Cove Point and LNG export. The -- I assume you need to get the court ruling to finalize these terminal agreements?
Thomas F. Farrell: No.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess also, do you need kind of the DOE report and final outlook on how much LNG export is allowed to be able to finalize the agreements?
Thomas F. Farrell: No, Steve, because they'll all be contingent on us getting the permit and having the right to -- they'll all be contingent on us getting the DOE export permit, getting the FERC environmental permit and winning the Cove Point lawsuit. So the fact that there are -- those -- these 3 things are out there doesn't mean we won't sign these contracts by the end of the year. We believe we will sign the contracts by the end of the year, but they will have in them like all of our -- anything that needs a permit in the future will have a provision that says, if we don't get the permit, then the shippers don't have to obviously pay us anything. So I don't think that's anything out of the ordinary.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick question, going back on the fourth quarter comments here. Obviously, we're a little bit into the fourth quarter here. What is the weather year-on-year versus normal, if you will?
Mark F. McGettrick: I think we're best -- better talk about that in January, Julien, because the weather quarters here are really November -- the weather months, I should say, are November and December. October's not an influence during the fourth quarter much at all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then secondly, a little bit on weather again. The derecho impact, can you quantify that within the weather number that you included there at all, specific to the derecho?
Mark F. McGettrick: Are we talking about in terms of Hastings? Are we talking about in terms of Virginia Power or...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Actually, maybe perhaps both.
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay. Hastings cost us about $0.01.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then the derecho when it comes to DBPs?
Mark F. McGettrick: DBP, it's a couple cents it cost us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, great. And then maybe just kind of following up on the last question on Cove Point. As far as providing incremental data points, as far as financing plans, et cetera, would you need to get resolution in terms of DOE export authority prior to giving us clarity there? Or would you be kind of willing to provide us that clarity early '13 regardless of what happens with DOE here?
Thomas F. Farrell: I think we'll be able to give you our plans because they'll be based upon the TSA agreements and the feed studies, the actual final estimates on the capital costs. The DOE permit will come when it comes. The economic impact analysis was originally going to be issued in the summertime and then somehow or other, it seems to have gotten caught up in this ongoing election thing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Actually, as far as it goes to the DOE, I'd be curious. I mean, do you expect there to be a limitation on the total quantity of exportable LNG? I mean, what kind of conditions here are we talking about, if any?
Thomas F. Farrell: We don't know that. The -- there's -- let me just -- let me go back some. I haven't been here that long, but I've been here long enough to have seen charts where we were going -- people were going to build 300 to 400 gas-fired power plants all over the United States. This was the hot thing. Everybody's going to do that. And then we saw, I don't know how many LNG imports facilities were going to be built. 30 of them or something like 43 of them were going to get built. And I think about 3 of them got built. We have lots and lots and lots of announcements around LNG exporting. In our situation, we have -- we already have an import facility. We have the terminal, we have the pipes, we have the storage. We have a pipe that goes directly into the Marcellus and Utica Shale that's dedicated to Cove Point. All we need to do is build the liquefier. So the environmental impacts are, we believe, very modest. We think that's what the FERC review will demonstrate. There's not going to be another one built on the East Coast of the United States, I do not believe. So we were early in the queue. We're not first in the queue, we're not second in the queue, but we're in the top 25%, first 25% in the queue. We're going about this just in a very workmanlike manner. We're not paying much attention to all the other announcements. We're dealing with our customers and our feed studies, our financing plans, and we have to deal with the Sierra Club on this one particular issue and forging ahead with the FERC process. So we're going to keep at it every day, step-by-step. And we believe we will get all the necessary approvals, but that all still remains to be seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wondered if you could talk a little bit about Dominion Retail and just general trends you're seeing in terms of levels of competition, margins, et cetera. Any trends that you're seeing in that business?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, Paul Koonce will take that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, as you know, the trend is competition, no question, and margin pressure. But if you looked at Dominion Retail from the first quarter kit to the second quarter kit to what was put out this morning, what you will see is that we've been able to hold steady at about 700,000 electric customers, about 550,000 gas customers, and our products and services business continues to expand. So what we've seen is competition. We've been able to hold our customer count steady in the face of that competition. And with the cost of supplies, we've actually been able to improve our margins a little bit. But it's a daily challenge and one that we're well aware of. What will happen if we get on a price uptrend? What we see is customers tend to shop less because they know they're going to be getting a higher price. So in some respects, we view that as a good thing. But during this downturn, it's been tough.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up question on the question on interest expense relating to the assets for sale. Just to be clear, there would be some debt that would go with the assets potentially?
Mark F. McGettrick: That's yet to be determined. We're evaluating that. It could be part of a package or it might not be. It depends what -- who the buyer will be and what the best result will be for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Just wanted to go back to the question about retail. I mean, if it's true that there's no further deterioration in the customer count as far as electric customers are concerned, but it is a pretty significant pullback year-over-year? And then secondly, I'm just trying to figure out your sale -- or pending sale of merchant power plants, how is it going to tie into your growth and margins in the retail business?
Thomas F. Farrell: Why don't we have Paul answer the first one, Angie.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, I'll answer the first one, then I'll turn it back to Mark to talk about the power plants. The year-over-year difference has persisted throughout the year, and that is principally related to a decision we made last December to turn back a fairly large block of customers where we did not believe we could beat the price to compare and maintain our margin. And we did not think it was worth maintaining the volume and commodity risk without commensurate margin. So that was a decision that we made last December, and it's persisted throughout. And frankly, we've got one more quarter where you'll see that. So I think, to me, the relevant number is how have we done since that decision has been made. And if you look back, as I mentioned earlier, at the first quarter kit and second quarter kit, you'll see that we've been holding really steady. With respect to the merchant power plant sales, I'll turn that back over to Mark.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, on merchant sales here, we have never tied our Retail business to our power generation business. They do not contract back from those units the resale into the wholesale market or we're contracted with other counterparties. So retail back-to-back out of the wholesale market, so there's no tie to all of that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And my second question is about Cove Point and the fact that you haven't really told us anything about financing. I mean when I look at your midstream business, you're obviously completing your existing projects, but we haven't really heard about any new projects. It seems like Natrium 2 has been pushed out, and you haven't really made any announcements about new projects. Is it somewhat related to the Cove Point expansion in a way that you are holding onto cash and your debt financing capabilities because you might be needed to finance Cove Point? Or is this simply the general lack of projects in the midstream business that you would consider attractive?
Thomas F. Farrell: Angie, we have had some announcements around additional midstream thing, which -- some of which -- a couple of which we announced today. But they are modest compared to the string of them that you heard from us in 2011. A lot of that does have to do with the fact that we are at this point concentrating on completing the Cove Point terminal services agreements, which we expect to have by the end of the year and concentrating again on the engineering work that's being done around getting those feed studies completed so that we can finalize the rest of those plans. So I'd say it's a combination of both, but largely more -- I would weight it more toward our concentration on Cove Point at this point. If you remember last fall, fall of '11, when we laid out our growth plan, we had -- we said there was about $1 billion in potential projects that we didn't have in our growth plan and were not part of our 5% to 6% earnings growth, but they were out there. We were working on them. I said early in September this year that we were replacing that $1 billion with the additional $2.5 million to $3.5 million from Cove Point. And Cove Point, similarly, is not in our 5% to 6% earnings growth plan that we've developed for you in talking about in '13, '14, '15, et cetera, because Cove Point won't come online until 2017. But we've also said before, we are looking at a variety of ways to finance Cove Point to make sure that it doesn't curtail our growth plans while it is in the middle of its construction.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I know, but my worry is simply that you're waiting for a decision to go ahead with Cove Point and that could potentially impede your near-term growth prospects because you're holding onto cash without deploying it, right?
Thomas F. Farrell: I wouldn't -- I can understand your concern, Angie, but I don't think you should have it. We are going along -- ahead with many other projects. We have a lot of negotiations going on in the midstream. We don't have anything to announce today other than the ones we've already announced. The fact that we're working on Cove Point doesn't mean we're not working on other midstream activities. We are, and we'll continue to announce things as they become available to us.
Operator: Our last question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Guys, this may be a Paul Koonce question, just real quick and there are actually 2 of them here, so I have a follow-up. On Dominion Retail, when you break out your customer accounts, Paul, you've touched at length about the electric side, and the gas decline year-over-year wasn't that big. But what's up is actually customers you put in that products and services category. Can you just really define what that is? I mean, are these folks who are buying both gas and electricity or are they buying something else?
Paul D. Koonce: Michael, yes, great question. These are customers who are buying what we call products and services that are really function like in-home warranties. We've got a waterline protection plan. So if a waterline breaks, the pay so much a month; if the waterline breaks, we'll repair it. In the in-home wiring, we have some surge protection-type products. So what we typically do is lead with a commodity product and then we try to cross-sell as best we can these other products into the home. But we don't -- in terms of the products and services business, we have a network of contractors that we rely on to perform that work. We're not doing that work, but as part of a contractor network. So it's just a way to cross-sell an existing customer with an additional product and improve our revenue streams.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any other -- a kind of follow-on to that. If I look at electricity volumes in the quarter at Dominion Retail, first is customer account. Customer account's down. Volumes are up about 10%. What's -- and this is coming off a prior year third quarter where weather was hot in a large part of the country. What's going on?
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Michael, good observation there. We did have 4.4 million megawatt hour sales in the third quarter of '12 versus 4 million in the third quarter of '11, and that really relates to aggregation. We have done about 4 aggregation transactions. And in that case, you don't get the customer accounts, but you get the volumes. And so as aggregation becomes more and more of it, it's going to be more difficult to kind of make that connection.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last item, just where do you -- within your regulated sort of Virginia Power, within your regulated customer account, are you putting the data centers in industrial? Just kind of looking at that decline from 530 to 510 industrial customers year-over-year.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. Again, we put them in the commercial account. They use a lot of megawatt hour sales, but they're commercial customers in our accounts here.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our call. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Corynne Arnett Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO; Mark McGettrick, CFO; and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Corynne Arnett, Director of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor statement.
Corynne Arnett: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alerts and view our second quarter 2012 earnings documents. Our website address is dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our recently -- and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our second quarter 2012 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter and full year 2012, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 in Pages 34 to 41 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the second quarter, as well as our guidance for the third quarter of 2012. Tom will update our operating and regulatory activities, as well as review the progress we have made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion's 2012 second quarter operating earnings were $0.59 per share, just below the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Mild weather in our Virginia service territory during the quarter reduced earnings by $0.05 per share when compared to normal. Recall that in the first quarter, mild weather reduced operating earnings by $0.11 per share; so for the first 6 months of 2012, mild weather has reduced our earnings by a total of $92 million or $0.16 per share compared to normal. There are 2 other items I would like to highlight in our second quarter operating earnings. First, our unregulated retail business had a very strong quarter, with results about $0.05 better than expectations. This was driven by $0.02 of better margins and a $0.03 gain on some mark-to-market contracts that will roll off largely over the next 12 months. Secondly, we've excluded $74 million from pretax operating earnings from major storm costs related to the late June storm activity that resulted in over 1 million of our customers being without power. While restoration activity continued into July, we recognized the entire estimated cost to restore service in the second quarter, consistent with our accounting for past major storm events. Tom will provide more operating details on the storm later in the call. GAAP earnings were $0.45 per share in the second quarter. The principal differences between GAAP earnings and operating earnings for the quarter were the costs related to the late June storm activity and charges related to some of our merchant generation plants, which have been or are in the process of being sold. A reconciliation of 2012 operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the second quarter was $282 million, which was above the high end of our guidance range. The impact of mild weather was offset by stronger-than-expected results at Dominion Retail. Second quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $186 million, which was at the midpoint of its guidance range. Results from Producer Services were below expectations given the overall weakness in the natural gas markets but were offset by lower O&M expenses. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $312 million for the second quarter, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Mild weather at Virginia Power and lower ancillary service revenues were the principal factors driving these results. Partially offsetting these factors were reduced O&M expenses. Year to date, across our businesses, we reduced operating and maintenance expenses by the equivalent of $0.08 per share, more than offsetting the headwinds from lower commodity prices. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses came in as expected. Money income taxes were below our estimates. State tax benefits, as well as the resolution of some IRS audit issues helped reduce our overall effective income tax rate to 35.5% for the quarter. We now expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be 35.5% to 36.5%. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $1.74 billion for the first half of 2012. Regarding liquidity, we had $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter were $1.6 billion and when netted against short-term cash investments, resulted in available liquidity of $2.1 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. We plan to issue between $1.6 billion and $2 billion of debt this year, with a fairly even split between Dominion and VEPCO. This amount includes the replacement of about $1.5 billion of maturing debt. We have already locked in treasury rates with hedges for all of our anticipated 2012 debt offerings and have now hedged most of our anticipated 2013 need as well. As part of our 2012 financing plan, we will issue new shares of common stock through our dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, as well as from our compensation and benefit plans, which is expected to raise about $320 million of new equity. Now to earnings guidance. We estimate operating earnings for the third quarter within a range of $0.90 to $1 per share. This compares with original operating earnings of $0.95 per share for the third quarter of 2011, which included about $0.06 per share of weather help. Compared to the third quarter of last year, positive drivers for the third quarter include sales growth at Virginia Power, higher Rider-related revenues from our growth projects and lower O&M expenses. Negative drivers for the quarter include a return to normal weather and a lower merchant generation margin. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year 2012 remains $3.10 to $3.35 per share. Assuming normal weather for the full year, we would expect earnings to fall within a range of $3.20 to $3.25 per share or about 5% to 6% above original operating earnings for 2011. I mentioned earlier that mild weather in the first half of the year has reduced operating earnings by $0.16 per share. However, weather in the month of July was a little better than normal, and a hot August and September can reduce some of the full year weather impact as well. We will discuss our range in more detail on our third quarter call after we see the summer results. As a reminder, our growth plan is predicated on normal weather, and you can expect our guidance for future years to be based on 5% to 6% above weather normalized earnings. As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedge position on Page 29 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call, we've added to our hedges at Brayton Point for 2013. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices in 2012 remains $0.01 per share. Our sensitivity to a similar move in 2013 is still only $0.05 per share. As shown on the Slide 9, we have locked in nearly all of our anticipated 2013 output at prices significantly above current market rates. Locking in these positions reduces the risk associated with achieving our earnings growth targets. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings for the second quarter were near the midpoint of our guidance range. Mild weather reduced our earnings for the quarter by $0.05 per share compared to normal. We've excluded $0.08 per share from operating earnings due to the significant June storm activity. We are able to offset the incremental earnings headwinds created by the declines in commodity prices through reductions in operating and maintenance expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2012 is $0.90 to $1 per share. Our annual operating guidance remains $3.10 to $3.35 per share. The midpoint of this range is consistent with our 5% to 6% weather normalized earnings growth target. And finally, we've locked in nearly all of our anticipated merchant margins for 2013. We are confident that through control of operating expenses and taking advantage of the low interest rate environment, we remain well positioned to overcome the current commodity price environment and meet our weather normalized growth targets. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. What has been a particularly mild weather year in Virginia changed quickly in late June when a series of powerful storms with winds in excess of 80 miles per hour moved through the state and Northeastern North Carolina. More than 1 million of our customers lost power, making it the third largest storm event in the company's history behind only Hurricanes Isabel and Irene. Our employees with help from utilities as far away as Florida and Quebec conducted a multi-day restoration effort in 100-plus degree weather. On behalf of our customers and our shareholders, I offer them thanks, and I also thank our customers for their patience and understanding. Each of our business units delivered strong operating performance in the second quarter and in every case, with improving safety performance. Year-to-date net capacity factor of the 7 Dominion nuclear units, excluding refueling outages, was 100%. Including the 3 refueling outages, the net capacity factor for the first half of the year was an impressive 93%. State Line Power Station was shutdown in late March. On June 26, we sold the plant to BTU Solutions, a company that provides demolition services for generation facilities. On June 29, we executed an agreement to sell the Salem Harbor Power Station to Footprint Power who will operate the station until it is removed from service in June of 2014. Footprint is planning to re-purpose the site including the potential development of a natural-gas-fired power station. Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was declared commercial on July 10. The $1.8 billion project was completed safely, on budget and on schedule, following 4 years of construction. Virginia City is one of the cleanest, if not, the cleanest coal-fired power stations in the country, and it may well be one of the last to be built in the United States given recent EPA regulations. The groundbreaking for the 1,329-megawatt Warren County 3-on-1 combined cycle plant occurred on May 31. Procurement of equipment and materials is about 50% complete, and foundation work is well underway. This fully wrapped $1.1 billion project is scheduled for completion in late 2014. The company advanced plans for another 1,300 megawatt 3-on-1 combined cycle plant to be located in Brunswick County, Virginia. The facility is expected to be in service in 2016 and should have costs similar to the Warren County plant. Both will offer significant value to customers. Like Warren County, we have chosen the gas and steam turbines from Mitsubishi Power Systems of America for the Brunswick facility. We have signed a natural gas firm transportation precedent agreement with Transco and have signed a fully wrapped engineering procurement and construction contract with Fluor. We expect to file the CPCN and Rider applications with the State Corporation Commission in the fourth quarter of this year. On May 22, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality approved the air permits for the company's conversion of the Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell power stations from coal to biomass, allowing commencement of construction activities. Completion is expected in the second quarter of next year for Altavista and the third quarter for the other 2 plants. Dominion Energy continues to make significant progress on its growth program. Construction of our Appalachian Gateway Project is nearly complete, and the project should be in service on schedule by next month. The Northeast Expansion project, as well as the Ellisburg to Craigs Project are expected to be in service this November. Construction is well underway on Phase I of the nature and processing plant and associated pipelines. We continue to work toward a December in-service date. Producer activity remains robust in Ohio. 112 wells are drilled or are being drilled, and 295 permits have been issued. This represents a 15% increase in both metrics since just last quarter. On June 11, Ohio Governor, John Kasich, signed House Bill 487, which provides regulatory certainty for existing dry gas gathering pipelines that are converted to wet gathering service. The bill allows Dominion East Ohio to exempt those converted facilities from future PUC rate regulation. In conjunction with previous Ohio legislation to exempt new gathering investments from utility regulation, these provisions ensure that the company has an opportunity to earn predictable, sustainable returns on existing and new investments used to provide wet gathering service without incurring regulatory approval delays. We are currently working with multiple producers to reach agreements to gather their gas. In addition to gathering, we recently conducted a nonbinding open season to transport gas from the outlet of Ohio processing plants to interconnect with downstream interstate pipelines. Multiple shippers displayed interest totaling over 1.1 Bcf per day. Investments to build the facilities needed to support this activity will be better known once binding shipper commitments are reached. On our last earnings call, we announced that we were moving forward with our Cove Point Liquefaction Project. In June, we requested and received approval to use the FERC prefiling process for environmental review. We expect the FERC certificate to be granted within 18 to 24 months. We also filed in Maryland State Court for a declaratory judgment regarding the Sierra Club's challenge to the project. A hearing on the matter is scheduled for October, and we expect a decision later this year. The other party to the agreement at issue is the Maryland Conservation Council, who, last month, filed a brief fully supporting Dominion's position. We're confident in our ability to construct and operate a liquefaction plant at Cove Point. We continue to make progress on our negotiations to reach terminal service agreements. Those agreements are expected to be finalized later this year. Front-end engineering and design studies are progressing as well. We will provide a cost estimate for the project later this year as those studies become more defined. Subject to successful completion of the studies, execution of terminal services agreement and after we receive the necessary approvals, we anticipate beginning construction in 2014 with an in-service date in 2017. As part of its ongoing business, Dominion Transmission recently extended a contract for 49 Bcf of general storage service for a 10-year period at maximum tariff rates. This is an example of a continued strong demand for our gas storage services. Economic growth is expected to drive improving results for Virginia Power. Weather adjusted sales increased 1.1% for the first quarter and 1% for the second quarter. New connects for the second quarter were well above last year's level, and data center growth continues. In fact, new connects in the first half of 2012 are about 20% higher than the first 2 quarters of 2011. While we see continued positive growth signals in our Virginia service territory, we now expect that weather normalized sales growth for 2012 will be between 1% and 2% rather than our original estimate of 2% to 2.5%. On the regulatory front, at the end of the first quarter, we submitted an application for an increase in base rates for our North Carolina service area. The request is for a revenue increase of $37 million, net of expected fuel rate reductions and incorporates an 11.25% return on equity. The hearing will be held in October, and we expect the decision by year end. Last month, briefs were filed in our Virginia Supreme Court appeal of the effective date for the return on equity established by the Virginia State Corporation Commission to be used in next year's biennial review. The effective date issued will establish whether the average authorized return on equity is 10.9% or 11.36%. A hearing on the matter is scheduled for September, and we should get a final decision in November. The appeal will determine if the top end of the return on equity collar will be used for the biennial review of 2011 and 2012 earnings is 11.4% or 11.86%. On our last call, we indicated that Virginia Power's return on equity, computed using GAAP earnings adjusted for rate making, was less than 9% for 2011. Incorporating results for the entire first half of 2012, VEPCO's similarly adjusted return on equity for the first 18 months of the 24 months to be covered in the 2011 and '12 biennial review is still less than 9%. So to conclude, all 3 of our business units performed well and together delivered results but given the mild weather, met our expectations. We continue to move forward with our growth plan and expect to deliver 5% to 6% weather normalized earnings per share growth beginning this year. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just on the earned ROEs at VEPCO, I mean, last time through the commission, seemed to make some discretionary decisions away from the GAAP accounting to get to a different ROE. Is there anything, when you look at the 18 months so far, where you think there would be some level of discretion for them to change that? Or is it -- I mean, it seems like the below the range ROE seems pretty set at this point.
Thomas F. Farrell: The -- first off, the weather has been below normal. That's not a discretionary issue. Those earnings are what they are. What Virginia Power earns is what it is. I think what you're referring to probably from the last review was the early retirement program where they carried it over and part of it, over into the second biennial review. That was not completely out of line with prior precedent. They've matched it to the retirement, actual retirements, but the effect of that, of course, was to bring over $100 million of that VSP into the second biennial review. And that's -- there won't be any discretionary issues around that. That cost is there according to the commission's own rulings. So I think when you take a look at what we've been dealing with, I think all of these costs are appropriately included in the biennial review period. They're expensed, as they have been according to all commission -- prior to commission precedent, and I expect we'll see -- of course, we don't know what we'll earn. We'll see how it'll go over the next 2 quarters, but that's where we stand today.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just on guidance for the year, the other $0.16 of below normal weather, well, I guess, will put you below the range, so it's going to take a little better weather than normal to get above the bottom of the range. Is that the right way to interpret what you said, Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is Mark. If you look at history here in Virginia, we picked up $0.06 to weather last year. We picked up $0.08 to weather the year before. This is all in the third quarter. So if you do the math of it, we need a little bit of weather help between July 1 and the end of the year, but again, if you look at the history here, I think we're well within the bounds of the $3.10 to $3.30, assuming we get a little bit of weather help the rest of the year.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then for the fourth quarter, so you think it's going to be made up perspectively in the third quarter or fourth quarter, so there's just a bit of watch factor. When I think about the growth rate, the 5% to 6% since your weather was closer to normal on '11, we should be able to grow the '11 number by 5% to 6% for '12 and then 5% to 6% for '13, to figure where we should expect '13 to be?
Mark F. McGettrick: That is exactly right, and it's a question we've had from a lot of folks. And we built this plan on normal weather, and so weather -- if normal -- if weather's extreme or right, you should always go back to the midpoint of our range, which is based on 5% to 6% weather normalized growth, and that's what you should expect us to have in 2013 as we start talking about guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: As we think about the 2014 earnings outlook, the -- I saw on the merchant power side, the hedge level remained the same as the prior quarter, and so as we think about the headwind from the roll-off of hedges there, can you help us think about the offsets to achieve the earnings growth and how you feel about those offsets rolling out from here?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, Stephen, this is Mark. First, if you look at our hedge slide, I think it's on Page 9 in the deck, if you go back just one quarter and reference what '14 look like, I believe the hedge market position at that point was about $40 and some change. We show $42 here just in 3 months. If you look at the market forward price for '14 as of yesterday, it was almost $43. So this price has moved up in just 3 to 4 months by 6% or 7%, and we're well over 1.5 years away from a '14 midpoint number. So first of all, we think there's certainly a very good chance that prices will continue to improve '14 and beyond. But in addition to that, we will continue to look at, as we did in '13, in interest rate environment where we can protect ourselves with low interest rates through hedges in the out years to give us some help versus what we might be thinking about today. We're also continuing to look at expenses, which a lot of folks asked us early in the year whether we could offset the commodity headwinds in '12 with reduced O&M expenses. I think if you look at the first 2 quarters and what we expect the rest of the year, we've been able to do that. So we have a number of things that we're looking at for '14 and beyond, but again, if you look at power prices alone, they've improved dramatically just in several months, and we would hope they continue to improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Quick question on Kewaunee, could -- is there any update there on how you're getting on with the potential sale? And then can you also remind us how much longer you can keep excluding it from continuing operations? What's the accounting task for that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think, the easy answer to that question, Jonathan, is we expect to have a resolution on Kewaunee this year. And we will certainly not carry it as a nonoperating expense beyond the end of this year, and we hope to have the auction complete and results announced by year end.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So where is that in the process today? Is there -- you kind of you have bids? Or you're shortly to have put it out there?
Mark F. McGettrick: I would say midpoint in the process, data rooms open and bidders are evaluating information.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, Mark, I think I missed it. How much of the $0.05 increase in retail in the quarter was due to these mark-to-market gains that you expect to reverse? How much was to kind of margin expansion?
Mark F. McGettrick: $0.02 was margin expansion, and $0.03 were mark-to-market gains, which the vast majority will roll off this year.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And you -- so you -- and are you -- net of that mark to market, I guess you were like -- you're $50-odd million ahead on the year so far at retail, of which maybe $30 million or so is this mark to market. Is the remaining $20 million of uplift more or less in line with what you were baking into guidance? Or are you doing better at retail than you thought you would be doing?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'd say we're doing better in retail than we thought we'd be doing. Our margins particularly in our last reports have been better than expected, so we've been very, very pleased with the retail results so far.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so we'd looked at that as a driver going into Q4 as well?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we'll have to wait and see, but if the first and second quarter are reflective of the third and fourth quarter, then we would expect retail to have strong performance.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Could I just clarify one other thing? On weather, from what you've been saying, it's as though kind of weather was going to be a headwind in the back half of the year, but looking at your kind of Q4 '11 disclosures, it looks like it was a net hurt between being having been a benefit versus normal but a big drag in, but you're Q4, but you're benefiting Q3 but a bigger drag in Q4. Am I looking at the numbers right? So you should -- normal weather, you should actually have a help in the second half?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes. To compare it to last year, we had $0.08 drag in 2011 in the fourth quarter due to weather. So year-over-year, we would expect normal weather to be a pickup for us.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For the second half as a whole.
Mark F. McGettrick: That's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just wanted to understand the weather a little bit more. It looks like the cooling degrees were actually higher than normal. Is it -- what's -- is it the heating degree days that are doing it? Or is it the storms that are making it weather adjusted more mild than normal? I'm just sort of not completely clear on exactly what's driving that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, there were a couple of things. One, cooling degree days were actually 4% off from norm, but humidity in the second quarter was very, very mild. So we got no extremes, and we're very close to norm for the whole period. And particularly, Virginia in the month of June, humidity drives increased sales for us, and we did not see that. So that was the main difference from a strictly degree day view.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then with respect to the outlook for weather normalized sales growth being less than what you guys have previously thought, just a little elaboration on why that is. You brought it down, I think, right? You guys had a higher number before. Now you guys think it's going to be a little bit more lower.
Mark F. McGettrick: We talking about for 2011, 2012?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: 2012.
Thomas F. Farrell: Paul Koonce will take that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. We have been looking at the megawatt hour sales. One of the drivers really is the actual consumption that we're seeing by the commercial sector. I think that's just part of the overall economic situation in the country, a little bit lighter megawatt hour sales to data centers, but we're protected revenue wise there because they enter into contract minimum demand. So we don't see it really having a material impact on us financially.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then the Q2 -- I mean, Q3 we're seeing a lot of hot weather. I mean, I know you guys are a big -- you guys are in a very wide geographic area, but PJM has seen some very, very hot weather in general, as I think New England. And we haven't really seen all-time peaks, and I was wondering whether or not you guys were seeing anything on the demand response side, specifically sort of we have a new revenue tariff now on PJM with respect to the energy market and the ability to get paid there has changed. Just wondering whether or not you guys are seeing anything or if you got expectations in terms of outside of Virginia, just in PJM in general. Do you guys see anything happening there? Or I was just was wondering if you had any thoughts on that.
Thomas F. Farrell: Paul?
Paul D. Koonce: We've been -- we have a number of customers on our system that are participating in the PJM demand response programs. We have seen PJM call on customers as part of that program. One of the things that we see happening is PJM really tightening up who participates in those programs, so that for the industry, we can really confirm that when it's called on that they're actually performing. Though we're really not seeing anything out of the ordinary other than we continue to see PJM really tighten down on who can participate, and we think that's a good thing because it's going to become more reliable over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was just hoping to get a sense from you guys given all of the adjustments for interest expense this year and given the fact that you've pretty much, I think, locked down the future rates on borrowings for 2013. Can you give us a sense of how much incremental interest expense we should expect '13 versus '12.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, we're not in position today to do that. We'll talk more about that this fall as we put out guidance for '13 and beyond. But as you referenced, we've been quite aggressive with interest expense. We also have a lot of maturities, probably more than many companies this year and next, which should provide benefits for us. We called in some hybrids earlier. So Scott Hetzer and his treasury group are doing a lot of things. But we're not in a position today to give any tighter guidance on interest for '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Couple questions on the Cove Point project. I guess first, when do you think you will hear more on the -- this court case that -- with the Sierra Club? And then also, do you have any kind of latest color on what you expect from the DOE and administration's kind of overall view on LNG export.
Thomas F. Farrell: First, with respect to the court case. First thing I would do is encourage anybody who really has any interest in it to read all of the briefs that have been submitted. They're all there on public file in the Calvert County, Maryland Circuit Court, and I think that you can draw your own conclusions about what the most likely outcome of the case is. Both parties have said the court has all the information -- all the parties have said the court has all the information it needs to decide the case. Lawyers would call it, these cross-motions for summary judgment. The hearing is in the fall. We would expect the decision from the court by the end of the year. And I think the documents are pretty clear that we can do liquefaction and that we can transport gas in and out of the site by pipeline. So -- but like I said, if you, people question that judgment, read the briefs yourselves and draw your own conclusions. Now with respect to the DOE, we -- I think most of the signals -- all the signals have been coming out of the administration, indicate that they do not intend to stand in the way of exporting this product. We should have some indication, hopefully by the end of the summer, from some of these outside studies that have been done, and I expect the DOE will move forth fairly rapidly with its permitting as soon as those are issued. So we're looking for this with our permit by the end of the year, and I have every expectation that we will receive one.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. I guess, one other question just on the remaining kind of gas projects that, I guess, the unidentified billion dollars or so that you might do. Just we've had, obviously, high gas price, low gas price. Now gas price back up. There's, I guess, been some pullback in drilling. Just how do you feel about being able to execute on that remaining billion dollars?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, first, remember the billion dollars is not actually in the plan. It's not in the growth plan. The growth plan is predicated on the projects that are identified. That said, we are working -- there's a lot of activity in Ohio. There's less activity in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, but there's still a tremendous amount of activity in Ohio. As I said, I think, during the call, well permits are up 50% just above last quarter's number. So drilling is still going on. We're working with a lot of drillers, producers on the gathering, primarily in gathering. We mentioned we've done an open season on a more of a larger pipeline project. So how much of the billion dollars? I don't know at this point, but we're working -- chipping away at that, and we'll have more information about that as we go through the course of the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So maybe following up on the last question to start off with. With respect to Natrium 2, perhaps if you can comment on timeline there, just be curious how confident do you guys feel about getting that done in the first half of the decade. And on -- I'll follow up with a second here in a second.
Thomas F. Farrell: If you'd -- by the first half of the decade, you're talking about through some time between now and 2015.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Thomas F. Farrell: That timeframe should work for Natrium 2, but we don't have any announcements to make affirmatively, one way or another on Natrium 2. We're still working with producers on that project.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then secondly, when it comes to asset sales. Broadly speaking, I know you mentioned Kewaunee earlier, just on the merchant generation side, how do you feel after Salem Harbor of late about the balance of your portfolio? Any other processes ongoing?
Thomas F. Farrell: There -- I would say -- there are -- we don't have any processes ongoing, but let me just mention on asset evaluation. Said this for -- since I've been CEO of the company, which is nearing 7 years now, we are constantly evaluating our assets. If they face headwinds that we think cannot be overcomed in a -- overcome -- in a reasonable period of time, then we will evaluate whether we should sell the asset or shut the asset down. And it's not something we do on an intellectual basis. We have sold all of our power plants in South America. We sold a utility in the U.K. We sold a power plant in the U.K. We sold peakers in Ohio and Pennsylvania. We have shut down and we sold 1/3 of our company in our -- when we sold E&P business, so my point about all of this, we're constantly evaluating these assets. And if we don't think we can overcome the headwinds, then we'll -- we will act on it. But I don't have anything to announce on that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then maybe just a last quick follow-up here to a prior question on LNG, how confident are you guys in moving forward with the financing proposal later this year? I mean, how is that progressing if you can?
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, this is Mark. We're well down the road on how we plan on financing this project, but we'd really like to wait to talk about that until we have firmer cost numbers, until we have all of the service contracts locked down. But we spend a lot of time to what's optimal for shareholders in terms financing, and we hope to be in a position later this year or early next year to talk about Cove Point as a package, of which financing will be part of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you revisit a little bit what's happening more of what you're seeing with demand in Virginia? And the only reason why I ask is that your commentary about new connect levels year-over-year is very bullish. Your commentary about raw demand -- weather normalized demand levels, meaning coming in below your original expectation, less bullish. It implies either some kind of lag in usage or it implies some weakness in kind of usage per customer. Can you just talk about what you're seeing and touch on the individual -- on the 3 main customer segments and where differences are showing up?
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. This is Paul. We're seeing very strong new connects as compared to last year. We've had over about 15,000 new connects this year versus a little over 12,000 last year, year to date, so that's very positive. I think that shows us that developers and homebuilders are getting back out. They're turning dirt, and we're starting to see that activity in the form of new connects. Now it does take some time for new connect demand growth to really show up in our numbers, but that's a good early indicator. Generally speaking, the industrial loads are all looking strong. We've had some consolidations of industrial customers here in our service territory, but the overall economic strength is very good. I would say if you look for where there's some softness in our numbers, it's probably widely distributed among kind of the commercial sector. And I don't think that is coming as any real surprise given the overall economy throughout the country. But it's really distributed among a lot of various types of commercial accounts, whether it's laundromats or whether it's welding shops, those type of places. But we expect when the economy strengthens that, that's going to come back very well. So seeing good early strong indicators, industrial growth, the data centers still connecting. Just attended grand opening of a new data center yesterday. We plan to connect 9 this year. That's still on pace, so as I look at things going forward, we have a strong economy. It's widely distributed, and all the areas are really doing pretty well.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on the industrial side because when I look at the data in the operating stats portion of your earnings release, year-over-year, 3 months, 6 months your customer account for industrial is actually down, and your demand number for the quarter is actually down 4%, 5%, and for the year-to-date, it's basically flat. And I kind of thought just from a weather perspective, industrial tends to be far less weather sensitive than any of the other categories. So just I'm trying to kind of true up your comments versus some of the data that's in the operating stats.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. As I indicated earlier, we've downed about 17 industrial accounts. That's what's on the schedule. That's principally a couple of consolidations with pharmaceuticals as one. Smurfit-Stone was acquired by Rock-Tenn. That's another. So there are some consolidations happening among of our industrial accounts. And again, in terms of sales year-over-year, I think it's a -- just a couple of different isolated areas where perhaps a few customers had stronger quarters last year but not anything really concerning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin with Citi.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question was asked and answered.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our call. Ms. Arnett, do you have any closing remarks?
Corynne Arnett: Yes, thank you. Just a reminder that our third quarter earnings release is scheduled for October 25.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Hamlin Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President of Tax and Treasurer Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations for a Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website and register for e-mail alerts and view our first quarter 2012 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss the measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter 2012 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2012, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained on Schedules 2 and 3 in pages 34 to 40 in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the first quarter, as well as our guidance for the second quarter of 2012. Tom will update our operating and regulatory activities as well as review the progress we have made on our growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion's 2012 first quarter operating earnings finished at the bottom of our guidance range of $0.85 to $1 per share. Extremely mild weather in our service territory, the warmest in the 100 plus years of record keeping reduced earnings by $0.11 per share compared to normal. Adjusted for weather, earnings would have been in the upper end of the guidance range. Non-weather factors impacting first quarter earnings were lower merchant generation margins and a lower contribution from Producer Services offset by lower O&M expenses, a higher contribution from Dominion Retail and a lower effective income tax rate. GAAP earnings were $0.86 per share for the first quarter. Now, moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the first quarter was $324 million, which was above the high end of our guidance range. The impact of mild weather was offset by lower storm cost and cost control initiatives. The favorable variance to guidance can also be attributed to stronger than expected margins at Dominion Retail. First quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was $256 million which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Although Dominion East Ohio's rate structure largely decouples revenues from weather, the mild weather had a $0.01 per share negative impact on portions of its business. Results from Producer Services were also below expectations given the overall weakness in natural gas markets. Helping to offset these negative drivers were lower O&M expenses and lower fuel cost. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $396 million for the first quarter, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Mild weather at Virginia Power, lower merchant generation margins and lower ancillary revenues were the principal factors driving these results. Partially offsetting these factors were reduced O&M expenses reflecting actions taken early in the year to offset the impact of lower power prices. On a consolidated basis, interest expenses came in slightly higher than expected but income taxes were below our estimates. A state tax benefit related to our Fairless Works power station helped reduce our overall effective income tax rate to 34% for the quarter. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be between 36% and 37%. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $1.09 billion for the first quarter. Regarding the liquidity, we have $3.5 billion of credit facilities, commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding at the end of the quarter for $1.1 billion and when netted against short-term cash investments resulted in available liquidity of $2.5 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to our financing plans. We plan to issue between $1.6 billion and $2 billion of debt this year with a fairly even split between Dominion and VEPCO. This amount includes the replacement of about $1.5 billion in maturing debt. We have already locked in treasury rates with hedges for all of our anticipated 2012 debt offerings and have made significant progress on hedging our anticipated 2013 debt needs as well. Today, we have hedged Treasury rates on approximately 50% of our 2013 needs. As part of our 2012 financing plan, we will issue new shares of common stock to our dividend reinvestment, customer stock purchase and employee savings and compensation plans which will raise about $320 million of new equity. In February, we announced a tender offer to repurchase a portion of our outstanding 2006 Series B hybrid securities in order to reduce interest expense. This December, we have retired approximately $100 million of these securities principally through the tender offer. We were pleased with the results of the tender in which we offer to purchase securities at 87% to 90% of par and believe that current trading levels help validate our view on the value of the securities. In total, we have paid prices ranging from 85% to 90% of par since December. And continue to believe that this price range represents fair value to the holders of the securities and to the company. While we would consider opportunities to negotiate purchases of additional amounts, we are not interested in purchasing them at a price above the range we have previously paid. Now to earnings guidance. We estimate operating earnings for the second quarter within a range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. This compares with operating earnings of $0.59 per share for the second quarter of 2011, which included less than $0.01 of weather help. While it is still early in the quarter, at least through the first 3 weeks of April, the weather has not been favorable. However, weather can have a much greater impact on May and June sales. So it is too early to judge the weather effect for the entire second quarter. Compared to the second quarter of last year, positive drivers for the second quarter include: sales growth at Virginia Power, higher Rider-related revenues from our growth projects and lower O&M expenses. Negative drivers for the quarter are mainly lower merchant generation margins. Our operating earnings guidance for the full year 2012 remains $3.10 to $3.35 per share. Assuming normal weather for the year, we would expect earnings to fall within a $3.20 to $3.25 range or about 5% to 6% above operating earnings for 2011. While first quarter weather was well below normal, summer weather can have a much greater impact on our overall results. So it is too early to estimate where within the overall range we are likely to land. At 2010 and 2011, strong summer weather added $0.14 and $0.08 respectively, to our earnings. As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedge positions on Page 29 of the earnings release kit. Since our last earnings call in January, we have added to our hedges from Millstone in 2012, 2013 and 2014, increasing the hedge percentages to 95%, 80% and 40% respectively. 2015 remains at 24% hedged. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices in 2012 is now only $0.02 per share. Our sensitivity to a similar move in 2013 is now only $0.05 per share. As shown on Slide 8, since our last call we have locked in virtually all of our anticipated output for 2012 and 80% of our 2013 output at prices significantly above current market rates. Locking in these positions reduces the risk associated with achieving our earnings growth targets. So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings for the first quarter were at the bottom of our guidance range. Mild weather reduced our earnings for the quarter by $0.11 per share compared to normal. Our business units were able to offset the incremental earnings headwinds created by recent declines in commodity prices through reductions in operating and maintenance expenses. Our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2012 is $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Our annual operating earnings guidance remains $3.10 to $3.35 per share. The midpoint of this range is consistent with our 5% to 6% earnings growth target. And finally, we have locked in virtually all of our anticipated merchant margins this year and 80% of 2013. We are confident that through control of operating expenses and taking advantage of the low interest rate environment, we remain well positioned to overcome the current commodity price environment and meet our growth targets. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. Each of our business units delivered strong operating performance in the first quarter and in every case with improving safety performance as well. Our nuclear fleet achieved a net capacity factor of 98.6% for the quarter with 5 of our 7 units operating at 100%. As a result of low gas prices, our combined cycle power stations operated more than ever. Virginia Power's large combined cycle units achieved a record capacity factor of over 90% and both our Fairless Works and Manchester power stations achieved record output during the first quarter. Units 3 and 4 at our State Line Power Station were shut down in late March. Station personnel are performing operational decommissioning activities which should be complete by the end of the second quarter and at which time, the site will be ready for physical decommissioning. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was over 98% complete at the end of the first quarter. Two major milestones were reached on the project in March. When the unit was first synchronized to the PJM grid and the first fire on coal occurred. Commissioning is proceeding well and commercial operation is on schedule and on budget for the middle of the year. The CPCN and Rider applications for the Warren County power station were approved by the State Corporation Commission in February and construction began in March. The three-on-one combined cycle unit will produce over 1,300 megawatts of capacity at an estimated cost of $1.1 billion and is scheduled for commercial operation in late 2014. The plant will produce significant economic benefits for our customers. The company advanced plans for another 1,300 megawatt three-on-one combined cycle plant to be located in Brunswick County, Virginia. The plant, additional transmission and the installation of environmental controls at 2 existing oil units are necessitated by the HAP's MACT rule issued by EPA last December. The projected in-service date is 2016 and is expected to cost about the same as the Warren County Project and will also offer significant value to customers. Like Warren County, we have chosen the gas and steam turbines from Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for the Brunswick plant. We are currently soliciting engineering procurement and construction bids and expect to file the CPCN and Rider applications with the State Corporation Commission later this year. Also in March, the commission approved the applications for conversion of the Alta Vista, South Hampton and Hopewell power stations from coal to biomass. Air permits are expected to be issued sometime this summer following construction to begin with commercial operations anticipated -- allowing construction to begin with commercial ops anticipated prior to the end of 2013. Dominion has notified the federal government that it is interested in obtaining leases off the Virginia Coast in an area of 113,000 acres that has the potential to generate approximately 1,500 to 2,000 megawatts of electricity from offshore wind turbines. Virginia State Corporation Commission would have to approve any Dominion Virginia Power offshore wind generation project. Our growth projects for our electric transmission continue to move forward. The rebuild of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line is underway with 58% of the foundations and 9% of the conductor installed. The line is currently out of service for rebuild and is expected to be put back into service for the summer months. PJM has notified the company that when it takes the line out of service again this September, we can continue construction through mid-May 2013. This will enable more efficient construction cycles and should advance the projected closing of the project from mid-2015 to the end of 2014. Mt. Storm-to-Doubs is just one of the many growth projects in various stages of development at electric transmission. We anticipate annual investment of $500 million in upgrades and enhancements through at least the end of the decade. Dominion Energy also made significant progress on its growth program in the first quarter. Construction of our $634 million Appalachian Gateway Project began last summer and the project is expected in service by September of this year. FERC approval for the Northeast Expansion Project, as well as the Ellisburg-to-Craigs project was received in the third quarter of last year. Both projects are expected to be in service by this November. Construction has begun on Phase I of the Natrium Processing Project, which is expected to cost about $500 million and should be into service by this December. Even with depressed natural gas prices, we remain confident that wet gas lines from the Utica formation will meet or exceed expectation. Many producers have directed rigs from dry to wet shale plays to capture the uplift from the heavy hydrocarbon liquid. As of the end of the first quarter, Ohio has issued 192 horizontal well permits to 11 different Utica producer. 77 wells have been drilled or were being drilled in the formation. Currently, we are the only company gathering and processing wet gas from the Utica shale. We are in discussions with multiple producers for volumes to support the possible construction of Phase 2 at Natrium, which could be in service by mid-2014. We are pleased to announce today that we are moving forward with our Cove Point Liquefaction project. At the end of March we signed binding precedent agreements with 2 companies, one of which is Sumitomo Corporation, a major Japanese company with significant global energy operations. Between the 2 shippers, the planned project capacity of about 750 million cubic feet per day on the inlet and about 4.5 to 5 million metric tons per annum on the outlet is fully subscribed. Dominion will provide liquefaction, storage and loading services but would not own or directly export the LNG. We are continuing to negotiate binding terminal service agreements with the party and expect to complete them later this summer. Last October, we filed for approval to export up to the equivalent of 365 Bcf of LNG per year for a 25-year term to non-free-trade agreement country. Our filing supports our belief that the project will have many positive economic benefit and we are hopeful for DOE approval later this year. We plan to submit a request to FERC early this summer to initiate the prefiling process for approval of the project which may take up to 2 years. Engineering studies are underway and we will provide a cost estimate for the project at a later date. Subject to successful completion of engineering studies, execution of terminal services agreements and provided we receive the necessary approvals we anticipate beginning construction in 2014, with an in-service date in 2017. As with any project of this magnitude, we would expect some opposition from various environmental and special interest groups. For example, the Sierra Club, which is a party to an agreement restricting activities on a portion of the Cove Point property has expressed its opposition to LNG export facilities and to frac-ing process in general. We have reviewed the various regulations, agreements and rulings from various regulatory bodies governing the site and are confident that we will be able to locate, construct and operate a liquefaction facility at Cove Point. Dominion plans to design the facility to minimize environmental impacts. Economic growth is expected to drive improving results for Virginia Power. PJM's updated load forecast projects peak demand growth in the zone that includes Dominion Service territory of 1.9% per year over the next 10 years for an increase of nearly 4,000 megawatts. Unemployment in Virginia is 5.6%, well below the national average of 8.2% and that is actually below 5% in Northern Virginia. New connects for the first quarter were up 13% over the first quarter of 2011 and we now estimate a year-over-year increase of 3,200 or more than 10%. Weather-adjusted sales at Virginia Power were up 1.1% for the first quarter. Our estimate for weather normalized sales growth for all of 2012 is 2% to 2.5% for Virginia Power with data centers continuing to be a strong contributor to our growth. On the regulatory front, we submitted an application for an increase in base rates for our North Carolina service area. The request is for a revenue increase of $37 million, net of fuel rate reductions and incorporates an 11.25% return on equity. Next week, we will make our annual fuel rate filing in Virginia. Because of low commodity prices and mild weather, we anticipate a significant reduction in the fuel rate as well as the overall bill for customers more than offsetting any Rider-related increases implemented this year. Furthermore, our annual electric transmission Rider update which we also plan to file next week will result in another reduction to customer rate. So to conclude, all 3 of our business units performed well and delivered results that given the mild weather, met our expectation. We continue to move forward with our growth plans and expect to deliver 5% to 6% earnings growth per share beginning this year. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: In the past, you guys have talked about potentially not doing the construction all on your own, potentially partnering or finding somebody to take an interest. Should we assume at this point that it's your intention to pair up with other parties or is this something that you would take entirely onto your balance sheet?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. We're looking at all options on Cove Point and as we get closer to what a final construction price might be, that'll help guide us which way we might do. We may do it all ourselves. We may take on a partner. We're certainly looking at various financing options, all of them that you can think of. But until we get a little more clarity on exactly what this facility is going to cost, we're keeping everything open. And as soon as we know what that is, we'll come out with a comprehensive financing plan and what the best option is for our shareholders and our balance sheet.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Also, you talked about hedging. I'm assuming that because interest expense is projected down this year, that a significant amount of that is through interest rate swaps. Can you give us some color in terms of the magnitude of interest rate swap transactions that you've done? And also, how far out into the future do those swaps mature just for modeling purposes?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we said on 2012 we put swaps in place for all of our anticipated debt needs for 2012, which is $1.5 billion to $2 billion. For '13, we announced today that we put swaps to around about 50% of that debt need. And although we haven't specifically said what that debt need might be for '13, you should think probably in a range of $1.5 billion to maybe $2.2 billion at this point. We anticipate continually to put in swaps for '13; it's a de-risking measure that we've been doing for a number of years and it's really helped us significantly.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So in terms of a maturity profile, do these go out years? Do they go out like 1 or 2 years? How far out into the future do they go?
Mark F. McGettrick: Let me go ahead and have Scott Hetzer answer the question.
G. Scott Hetzer: Paul, they are scheduled to start -- these are swaps that are scheduled to start either in '12 or '13. And the term ranges from 5 to 10 to 30 years depending on what kind of security we're hedging.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So they would -- the swaps would be commensurate with the maturity date of whatever it is that you're issuing, right?
G. Scott Hetzer: That is correct.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question, on New England volumes, you guys were down 18% in the first quarter. Your projection in the second quarter -- and you were, I think your projection for the first quarter was roughly flat. In the second quarter, you're only projecting that you'll be down 5%. Is that because the first quarter lower volumes in New England were somehow related to the mild weather or how should we think about that?
Mark F. McGettrick: No, Paul. The reason for the second quarter being fairly flat is last year we had a Millstone unit outage in the second quarter. This year we don't. And conversely, we do not expect much run time at all out of our coal units in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to explore the LNG export a little bit further. As we think about, over time, the earnings power of this opportunity relative to the import revenue and the import earnings that you are currently achieving, how should we think about in terms of just the transition, the construction work? And then ultimately, once export is up and running, how should we broadly think about how the existing import work and revenue would mesh with the export capability?
Mark F. McGettrick: The Cove Point has different contracts on it on the import. The original portion of it was sold out to 3 parties. The major expansions sold out to one party. There are -- we have the opportunity with the second piece of it to use that part of the contract for importation and exporting. So as we work through the course of this time, you'll see that portion of the contract will be used for export. It's too early -- we're not at a point where we're going to start talking about what the earnings profile is from this facility because as of today we still haven't locked down the cost, financing, exact timing. It's not, when you look across our website and look at what our 5-year growth plan is and the growth CapEx, it still shows nothing related to Cove Point's liquefaction facility. We'll fill that in as we have more clarity on the costs.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. But broadly speaking, should we expect that the import contracts, volumes, revenues, broadly speaking, would over time start to decline as you start to ramp up your export revenues?
Mark F. McGettrick: A portion of the import.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just one more LNG question then maybe we'll have them all done. But can you just explain to me as a non-lawyer, what the agreement actually means from a commitment perspective from you guys to the partners and their commitment to you during the process of getting the permits and the engineering work done?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is a sort of term of ours in the pipeline business and it's the kind of thing we do all the time when we're doing capacity expansions on the pipeline system. If it's a non-negotiate, not a -- a typical FERC-governed transaction, we'll do an open season. We'll see what people's interests are. If we have a project that we say we wanted to be $500 million a day, we'll gauge interest. People will come in and say, hey, we're interested. And maybe people say there's $750 million a day worth of interest. We'll then sit down with them and negotiate what are called in the industry, binding precedent agreement, which commit both parties through parameters, financial parameters, around the project. There are a variety of things that have to happen as you go through the final negotiations, in this case, for a terminal service agreement or in a more traditional case, a pipeline capacity agreement. So it's -- we're in the same spot we are on -- where we are when we're doing sort of almost any kind of pipeline related expansion. We have found 2 parties who are going to take all of the capacity. The overall financial terms are established and then there's certain criteria that we have to meet, they have to meet and we'll complete that as we go through the terminal services agreement. But it is a -- not a 100% commitment that nobody can change but it is well down the path to that level. We would not have announced it otherwise.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess kind of the next question around the development of this project. There's been some talk that having the Japanese partners was important. Obviously, [indiscernible] was part of their arrangement. Is there something politically expedient to having Japan as kind of an offtake party to help with the getting the export license or do you think this was just the best partner available?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we had a lot of interest, Dan, from both Asia and European customers. And as we went through the variety -- the negotiations with a variety of partners, between the other partner, we'll -- when the time comes, we will announce who that is, I shouldn't call them partners, the other customer, these turned out to be the best for them and best for our shareholders. I think politically, obviously, the Japanese are strong allies of our country but so are European potential customers.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And I guess one last question, Mark. Just as far as guidance is concerned with the first quarter coming out where it was and the second quarter kind of flat year on year, there's some makeup that has to be done to get to the bottom end of the range for guidance for the full year. Is there anything markup-wise in earnings we should be thinking about? Or is it just kind of a natural progression with investments coming into service and freights going effective?
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, it’s kind of an unusual year. If you think about the fourth quarter alone, year-over-year, normal weather in the fourth quarter for us will pick us up $0.08 year-over-year. If you recall, we had a very, very mild fourth quarter of 2011. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we have Gateway pipeline project coming on in September and we have Natrium coming on in December. So our earnings profile is very back end loaded this year in third and fourth quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Relative to your first quarter guidance, Dominion Generation materially outperformed. What drove that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Generation was actually below their guidance range for the first quarter.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, I must have misread something, sorry. And then, your annual growth is 2% to 2.5% but first quarter was 1%. What -- is it just the data centers that's going to drive the back half?
Mark F. McGettrick: First quarter was on a weather normalized basis 1% to 1.5%. The data centers actually were a little slow in the ramp up in the first quarter which depressed that sales number a bit. And as Tom talked about, we've seen very strong new connect activity in the quarter. Job growth in the state is maturing quickly. We're seeing recovery in some of the residential markets. So while the first quarter is lighter than we'd like, we still think 2% to 2.5% on an annual basis is achievable.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And now that you've I guess gotten much closer around Cove Point, how are you thinking about the MLP option?.
Mark F. McGettrick: MLP will be one of the options we evaluate with a lot of other options in terms of how that project might be financed long term. And we looked at the MLP option before a number of times and didn't fit us. We'll continue to look at it as Cove Point matures in terms of a project life to see if that's the best option for our shareholders. We have no view on that currently except it's one of many that we'll look at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could I just assert one thing quickly on Cove Point? You haven't disclosed the other party, but is this a different kind of party than you have the arrangements with on the import or is it one of the same parties? Can you at least disclose that?
Mark F. McGettrick: That was a very effective question, Jonathan. But despite that -- how good the question was, I can't answer it. We will -- it's -- each company has its own way of going about things. We will, when this counter party is prepared, we will then announce it. And I don't think it'll be in this too distant future.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm sorry to revisit this but I just didn't quite kind of follow the answer, Tom, but to what extent does this new project sort of limit the potential of your existing import business?
Thomas F. Farrell: I would think about it differently. I would think about what we will have is the facility that will allow both the, in a single place, allow both the import and export of gas into the mid-Atlantic, right into the heart of the market. That's why we think it is attractive as it is. But it can't be used for both at the same time all the time. But there are -- there's 2 parts of the pier, you can load and offload at the pier, there's different pipes going out to the pier. There are multiple tanks. There is a vaporization facility. There will be a liquefaction facility. So the parties who will have these contracts will have -- certain of them will be allowed to import, certain of them will be allowed to export and we think you should be thinking about it that way rather than segmenting.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's -- but it's not kind of fully incremental then, it'll just depend on what the relative pricing situation is, whether it's being used for one or the other?
Thomas F. Farrell: I believe that's correct but that'll be up to the party. They'll be paying us once a month, come rain or shine.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on, your slide said you would have no ownership or sourcing of LNG. In the way those contracts are structured, is there any sort of commodity or sort of volume derived commodity exposure or is it just pure and simple flat pricing?
Thomas F. Farrell: Pure and simple capacity theme. No, we will -- there is no commodity risk associated with the income stream at all.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I might just have one other. On the sales question. I think you gave a number of 1.1% weather adjusted, was that also adjusted for the leap year or was that kind of including the leap year?
Thomas F. Farrell: No, that includes the leap year.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So absent that, that would have been down a little?
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually, it would've been fairly flat. But -- yes, that's why I referenced, we have a few things that were delayed based on initial expectations. But again, based on the activity we see, we think it’s certainly achievable to still reach the ultimate 2% to 2.5%. But you're right, leap year really reflects most of the growth in the first quarter.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then so if tough connects were up then usage must have been down?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, the other thing I referenced, Jonathan, is although we've done the best job we can and as you estimate weather and economy, in an extreme weather quarter, it's very, very difficult to be penny accurate on what goes in what bucket. So again, I think the second quarter will give you a better reflection maybe even third, in terms of what the real growth is here in Virginia.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Fair enough. And then if I can just slide in one other thing. The -- it sounded like this Fairless tax benefit, state tax benefit must have been about $0.04, if it brought your tax rate down to 34% from 37%. Is that accurate and what drove the timing on that?
Mark F. McGettrick: It was about $0.03. And what it was surrounding is we had some historical tax losses at Fairless. And if you recall, that was a capital lease which we had to bring on balance sheet late in the fourth quarter of last year. And by bringing it on balance sheet along with some future earnings projections based on current gas price environments, it allowed us to utilize some of those tax losses earlier than what we thought this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm just circling back with this liquefaction stuff. As you know, the energy markets can be volatile and the politics around them can be volatile as well. And there is, I guess, with some of these licenses, the ability for the U.S. government to restrict exports for national security reasons or what have you, and I'm wondering how you look at that risk and how you dealt with that with respect to this project?
Mark F. McGettrick: We're not getting into details with the contracts, Paul. That is a risk that we believe has been taken care of then protects our shareholders.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And just, in general, from your market outlook, how many of these export facilities do you guys see being built in North America? Do you -- I mean, you guys must have been sort of looking at the market or is it just, does it really matter I guess at this point because like you said you're just basically going to be getting capacity payments and what have you, any thoughts there?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, I don't -- in our particular case, it really doesn't matter. I'm very confident that we will get the permit from DOE and the environmental permit from FERC. And we will go ahead with the project and we will be getting capacity payments for more than a couple of decades from this facility. As far as overall, I think there are 13 or 14, I think, the number has grown to, permits that people are seeking. And it sort of reminds me of what was going on in the late '90s about how many people were going to build gas fire power plants all over in the United States. And then later about how many people were going to build import facilities all over the United States. And there were many, many announcements made, many, many, many permits sought and a handful actually happened. So I don't really know, Paul, 4, 5, 6 billion a day maybe would be allowed to be exported or could actually come to -- whether allowed or not, actually built, a facility built. But I don't think it's going to be the 13 that are seeking approval now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got one Cove Point question and then a question or 2 at the utility and at the rest of energy. On Cove Point, can you just reaffirm or reiterate what the size of the facility would be or the size of the facility as you've kind of signed up in the agreement so far?
Mark F. McGettrick: It'll be the equivalent of 750 million cubic feet a day. That's not what LNG guys use, as they use tons, but the amount of gas that will come into the facility which will be liquefied, will be about 750 million a day.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is that smaller than what you filed for? Because I thought you all had filed for like a B a day or 7 mtpa a day, kind of roughly?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Why do smaller size? Is that just a contract issue or construction issue or just why the difference, is all I'm trying to understand.
Mark F. McGettrick: We think it's the optimum size for this site and with these parties.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. O&M, you all did a really good job of managing O&M in the first quarter. How should we think about the O&M trajectory at VEPCO and at Energy throughout the course of the year? Meaning were your O&M savings more front-end loaded? Were they more -- are they going to even get greater year-over-year as we get towards the back end of the year?
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, they're going to get greater as we move through the year. But I want to make sure I point out the -- on O&M, if you look at the disclosure, if you look at the operating O&M, it drops quarter-over-quarter by about $136 million. $99 million of that has to do with a bad debt rider in Ohio that's trued up every year. And so the bad debt level got lower, that's passed on to customers, but your revenue stream also was reduced, so it's a net 0. So if you look at the quarter, really quarter-over-quarter, operating expenses were down about $0.04 or about $37 million, which was very positive for us. And you should look for us to build on that throughout the year. We said on the last call we expect to reduce expenses between $0.06 and $0.09; you should look for us to be at the high end of that range.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Understand and love my use of [indiscernible] there. Last thing, at electricity demand at VEPCO. Is there concern that there is a structural change among residential and small commercial customers, not necessarily in terms of the new connect but in terms of the usage per customer of installed customer base?
Mark F. McGettrick: Look, I'm going to let Paul Koonce comment on that.
Paul D. Koonce: Michael, we've not seen that. Obviously, quarter-over-quarter the volumes are down but that really has to do with the weather. We've not really seen a structural change. We have a dynamic pricing pilot in place in Virginia right now. And right now we have about 800 customers that have signed up for that rate structure. So we've really not seen any structural change in usage.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So meaning kind of, just kind of think through energy efficiency or some of those other items whether they're actually causing a reduction in electricity demand through the service territory on a weather normal basis?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I mean, we still see customer additions. We still see electronic devices going into the home. So no, we've not begun to see that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Not to beat a dead horse, but just one clarification question. Do you need to restructure any of your import agreements as part of the export? The other agreements you signed today?
Mark F. McGettrick: No.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay.
Thomas F. Farrell: We've announced, remember a year ago, that we had restructured one of the import contracts.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So even though you don't control the capacity, that's not relevant.
Thomas F. Farrell: We do control the capacity as the result of the renegotiation of the import contract which we announced last year. We're not, when I say no, it is...
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you were planning ahead for this?
Thomas F. Farrell: We did what we needed to do a year ago.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just, Tom, I think you kind of answered this question already but I'll ask it again. Just the DOE, the political aspect that's gone on with the DOE review and the like of export. How concerned are you about that? And does it feel like we're in a bit of like a rush to capture what could be somewhat of a limited audience because of that or is...
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, we're certainly not in a rush. I mean, we started working on this a couple years ago. As we saw -- you think about first -- let's just back up a little bit. The Appalachian region produces, forget the shale, okay, just conventional gas in Appalachia is about a B a day production. So you can fill this facility up to export and leave 1/4 of Appalachian production left for domestic consumption. So you've got -- we'll export $750 million a day through this facility, for our customer if we want. So there is an abundance of gas in the region. Shale has made that much larger. The economic study that we filed with the permit for the non-NAFTA countries shows enormous economic benefits to Calvert County, Maryland, all of Maryland, all of the Ohio basin, the Appalachian basin, the Ohio River basin that will be, all of the job growth, tax revenues, it's many, many tens of millions of dollars. This project by itself will increase or help our balance of trade by a couple of percentage points on an annual basis. So there are -- the economic arguments are pretty straightforward and they're almost overwhelming that it is beneficial to the United States, the region, Maryland, Calvert County to allow this facility to be built. So that's why we're confident that it will be approved. It doesn't hurt of course, to have a counterparty, at least one counterparty from Japan.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, one last question. Just retail did a lot better this quarter but it seemed like the volumes were flat. Are you just seeing better margins in retail?
Thomas F. Farrell: Paul Koonce will take care of that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Steve, just lower supply cost. We've seen obviously wholesale power prices are down, natural gas prices are down and that's coming through in the form of higher margins at retail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Just wanted to ask what your thoughts were on the potential expansion of North Anna now that you have this contract signed.
Thomas F. Farrell: For the expansion of North Anna 3?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Yes.
Thomas F. Farrell: Talking about building North Anna 3. And I assume you're -- implicit in that question, Nathan, I'm not trying to ask your question for you. Implicit in that is that there's large capital costs associated with 2 projects.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Yes, also and just more of a general concept of what your view of building a new nuclear given the natural gas price environment as well, just as a concept?
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay. We will -- we're pursuing the combined operating license, and MHI is pursuing the design approval. We expect those to occur early '15. We will continue to pursue those. We are -- we believe we will receive both. MHI will get the design approval, we will get the COL. At that time, we're going to assess where we are. Now, I would say this though on a broader basis, if we were contemplating -- if we had been contemplating building a merchant nuclear power station, I think I would have been able to give you a much shorter answer to your question about North Anna 3. But we're not. We believe that it is best for our customers for the long term to have a balanced fuel mix. And by long term, I'm talking over the next 50 or 60 years. Having 4 nuclear power stations in Virginia is one of the reasons why we have among the lowest rates in the United States, and among the lowest on the East Coast. So we think it's important to keep all that in context as you make those kind of decisions. I believe North Anna 3 will be built by our company. I don't know if it will be in 2015 or 2018 or 2020. But we will -- North Anna and Surry's existing units will have to retire in 2030 through that decade. And we're going to need to have nuclear power in the state to keep a balanced portfolio. So I would give you 2 different answers. One, if we were a merchant, I would have just said what's North Anna 3? I don't know what you're talking about. But we're not. We're in a regulated environment where it's important for our customers to have a balanced fuel mix.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Just as it relates to capital constraints, if you were indeed building, as you mentioned, the LNG facility around 2014. Perhaps you started to spend capital on North Anna. Is there actual enough capacity to then add on offshore wind?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, that's also a good question. Probably offshore wind and North Anna probably would not go forward at the same time. I think that's unlikely.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Do you have a better sense of when the offshore wind could come to fruition if it does?
Thomas F. Farrell: I think that's going to be a long permitting process. They haven't even done the lease sales yet but it's one that we're going to continue to observe and participate in. But I think it's a long process.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: On the Sierra Club and their complaint against you guys, I guess there's some confusion over what their -- what the agreement originally was and if you can just kind of share how you think you can work around their complaints, as they see them today?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, I don't think there's any confusion about it. The agreement -- there's an agreement that was entered into I think in the 1990s that has sort of carried through this process with the Sierra Club. We've had a very cooperative relationship with the Sierra Club all through that time. We've been very good partners with each other. We hope to continue to be, as we move into the liquefaction. I'll let them speak for themselves but the agreement allows us to use the existing footprint and we're carrying on LNG operations to perform liquefaction exercises and to deliver liquefied natural gas for the terminal. So I don't think there's really a lot of confusion about it. It's pretty clear in black and white. I'll let them speak for themselves. We would much rather, as we do with all folks -- all stakeholders in which we're going to have an impact. We like to work out cooperative arrangements. We always have with the Sierra Club. We hope that we can as we go along here but we have the right to build it and we're going to proceed accordingly.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We have reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I appreciate everybody tuning in today and just want to remind everybody our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for August 1. And our first quarter Q will be distributed today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric David A. Christian - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Generation G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President of Tax and Treasurer Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas Hamlin - 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Carrie Saint Louis Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our fourth quarter 2011 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors.  In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed from the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our fourth quarter and full year 2011 operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year 2012, as well as our operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we were able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Tom will begin with a review of the progress we have made on our growth plan in 2011 and our outlook for 2012. Mark will discuss our earnings results for the fourth quarter, as well as our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2012. We will then take your questions.  I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. For Dominion, 2011 was a year of significant accomplishment. Across our business units, our employees delivered improved service quality in nearly all areas of operations, and in most cases, with record-setting safety performance. We completed several major capital projects in our strategic growth plan and made significant progress in the construction of several others. We also worked to secure the contractual commitments and regulatory approvals necessary for the next round of projects that should sustain our growth plan for the foreseeable future.  We delivered operating earnings per share within our guidance range in the face of a sluggish, yet improving economy, weak commodity prices and mild weather, particularly in the fourth quarter. Shareholders were rewarded in 2011 with a total return of 29.4%, which exceeded the returns for most of our industry peers as well as the overall market.  Our strategic growth plan consists of investments in new infrastructure in all of our regulated lines of business. At Dominion Generation, it involved the construction of new generation to reduce the existing capacity deficit of Virginia Power to meet the expected growth in demand from our service territory and to replace the generating capacity that is being retired, in order to comply with new EPA regulations.  At Dominion Virginia Power, it involves the modernization of the 500 kV loop that has been the backbone of our electric transmission system, as well as upgrades in new service lines to support demand from new customers, including data centers, and to maintain reliability to portions of our service area affected by generation plant retirements.  At Dominion Energy, it involves the construction of the gathering, processing and transmission infrastructure that will be needed to facilitate the natural gas production from Marcellus and Utica Shale formations. It also includes the systematic replacement of much of the pipeline network at Dominion East Ohio. All told, this plan involves about $11.6 billion of new plant investment and identified projects over the next 5 years, providing the foundation for our 5% to 6% expected growth in earnings per share beginning this year, which we again affirm today.  2011 was a year of significant progress at Dominion Generation. Construction of our 90-megawatt Bear Garden Power Station was completed on time and on budget. The plant began commercial operations on May 23 and had a 126-day continuous run. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was over 95% complete as of the end of last year and is on schedule for commercial operations by the middle of this year. This $1.8 billion project is also on time and on budget.  Our next large-generation construction project is the Warren County three-on-one combined cycle plant, which is expected to provide approximately 1,300 megawatts of capacity. The CPCN Rider applications were filed with Virginia State Corporation Commission last May, and the hearing was held last month. An order from this commission must be issued no later than next Thursday. If regulatory approvals are received, construction will begin this spring. And the plant should be completed by the end of 2014 at a cost of roughly $1.1 billion.  We expect to file the Warren County project with a similar size combined cycle plant for completion in mid to late 2016. This plant was identified in our 2011 integrated resource plan and will be necessary to offset the reduction in capacity caused by the retirements of older coal-fired units at our Chesapeake and Yorktown power stations due to the HAPs MACTs [ph] rule from the EPA.  Local conditional use permits have already been obtained for potential sites in Chesterfield and Brunswick Counties for the proposed facility. We will make a determination on a specific site this quarter and expect to file for a CPCN and rate rider with the commission, either late this year or early next.  Other growth projects at Generation include the conversions of older coal-fired units to burn other fuels. We plan to convert Units 3 and 4 at our Bremo station from coal to natural gas. The company issued an RFP for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract for the project last quarter and expect to file a CPCN request with the commission this summer. We are also converting 3 of our smaller coal units to burn wood. The hearing for this conversions was held in December, and we expect the commission order in March. If approved, work on the $165 million project should be complete next year.  Dominion Virginia Power completed 2 large 500kV transmission lines during 2011. The Meadow Brook to Loudon and Carson to Suffolk lines were both completed on time and on budget. Work began last year on the modernization of the Mt. Storm to Doubs line and will be performed during the spring and fall of the next 3 years at an estimated cost of about $350 million. Our electric transmission project pipeline contains over 40 additional projects totaling about $600 million per year or at least each of the next 5 years. Dominion Energy also made significant progress on its own growth program in 2011. Construction of the $634 million Appalachian Gateway Project began last summer, and the project should be in service by September of this year. FERC approval for the Northeast expansion project, as well as Ellisburg to Craigs was received in the third quarter of last year. Both projects are expected to be in service by November 2012.  Last year, we announced the Natrium processing project. Construction has begun on Phase I, which is fully contracted and is designed to process 200 million cubic feet of natural gas per day and fractionate 36,000 barrels of NGLs per day. Phase I should cost about $500 million and should be in service by December. We are in detailed negotiations with multiple producers for volumes to support the possible construction of Phase II at Natrium, which would be in service by the fourth quarter of 2013.  With the continued successful development of the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations, interest in our potential Cove Point liquefaction project is growing as well. We are engaged in discussions with numerous potential customers in Europe and Asia, as well as producers in the Appalachian Basin. On October 3, we filed for approval to export up to an equivalent of 365 Bcf per year for 25-year term to non-free-trade agreement countries. Our filing supports our belief that the project will have many positive economic benefits, and we are hopeful for DOE approval later this year.  I will now turn to operating results for the year, beginning with safety. Both Dominion Generation and the Dominion Energy reported record or improving safety performance. Fossil & Hydro generation completed a best on-record incident rate of only 0.33 for 2011, well below their previous record of 0.62 set last year. Our nuclear business unit had only 5 OSHA reportables in 2011, yielding an incident rate of just 0.12, its best on record. Both Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Hope also had the fewest number of OSHA reportables in their history.  At Dominion Virginia Power, hurricane restoration work contributed to an increase in both OSHA reportables and lost-time, restricted-duty incidents. However our transmission business went 165 consecutive days without an injury. Our service company has best year ever with only one OSHA reportable. Safety continues to be one of our core values at Dominion, and we are pleased with our improvement.  Moving to operations, our generating plants performed well last year. Our Fossil & Hydro utility fleet achieved a net forced outage rate of 3.8%, with our large coal units surpassing their previous record with the rate of only 3.18%. The peak season equivalent availability of 96% was the highest in the last 3 years. The overall capacity factor for our nuclear fleet declined from just above 90% in 2010 to 85% in 2011.  Several natural events contributed to the decline. A tornado last spring touched down in the switchyard at our Surry plant, and an earthquake that shook the entire East Coast caused both North Anna units to be offline for about 80 days. Capacity upgrades for 3 of our 4 nuclear units at Virginia Power have been completed, and the final upgrade of 21 megawatts at North Anna Unit 1 will be completed during its refueling outage this spring.  Dominion Virginia Power had a challenging year in 2011. Hurricane Irene resulted in the loss of power to almost 1.3 million customers. The second-largest restoration effort in company history was completed in less than 9 days at a cost of about $108 million. As compared to Hurricane Isabel in 2003, approximately 2/3 the number of customers were affected. However, restoration was completed in half the time and about 1/2 the cost. Economic growth is expected to drive improving results for Virginia Power. In July, we set a new record system peak load of 20,061 megawatts, exceeding the previous record, which had been set in August of 2007. Additionally, PJM's updated forecast projects peak demand growth in the zone that includes Dominion service territory of 1.9% per year over the next 10 years, or an increase of nearly 4,000 megawatts. Unemployment in Virginia is just 6.2%, well below the national average of 8.5% and is actually only 5% in populist Northern Virginia.  Weather adjusted sales at Virginia Power were up 1.6% for 2011, and actually 1.8%, if you exclude the impact of Hurricane Irene. Our estimate for weather-normalized sales growth in 2012 is 2% to 2.5% for Virginia Power, with data centers continuing to be a strong contributor to our growth.  For Dominion Energy, development activities by producers in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions continue to grow, providing the foundation for the infrastructure projects that are a key component of our growth plan. In the fourth quarter, there were 51 new horizontal Utica well permits issued in Ohio, more than doubling the number in effect at the end of the third quarter. 10 different producers have permitted Utica wells, up from 7 at the end of September, and 6 of those producers are currently drilling. Actually, every single Utica well online in the state of Ohio is tied into the wet gas gathering system at Dominion East Ohio. Producer activity in the Marcellus and Utica formations is occurring despite low natural gas prices due to the economic value of the liquids contained in the gas stream. Our Hastings extraction plant achieved an all-time record reliability factor of 99.3%, leading to an all-time record fractionation volume of over 180 million gallons of NGLs in 2011. After a binding open season held in early November, DTI executed precedent agreements with 3 of the customers at Phase I at Natrium to transport 185,000 decatherms per day of firm transportation from Natrium to Texas Eastern. You can expect a number of announcements related to various DTI growth projects over the course of this year.  Our regulatory calendar was also fairly active last year. The first biannual review on the Virginia's re-regulation statute took place in 2011. The State Corporation Commission issued its order on November 30, determining that earnings from Virginia Power's base rate revenues produced an earned rate of return on common equity in excess of 12.4% in order to refund to customers $78 million. Furthermore, the commission set a return on equity to be used in the second binding review of 10.9%, which under Virginia's law allows the company to earn up to 11.4% before triggering any potential refunds or rate reductions. We are seeking clarification from the commission as to whether the new rate will apply to the entire 24-month period covered by the second review, or whether the new rate only became effective as of the date of the commission's order as all of the parties had agreed to in the settlement agreement from the going-in rate case.  Our GAAP earnings for 2011, which comprises 1/2 of the next review period, were significantly below the authorized level due to write-off of the value of our coal units that are being retired, restoration costs related to Hurricane Irene, the inspection costs at North Anna brought on by the earthquake and the impairment charge on the value of our CAIR emissions allowances. Furthermore, the commission's treatment of severance costs related to our 2010 voluntary separation plan actually shifted about $100 million of expenses into 2011, further lowering the earned ROE computed for regulatory purposes.  Finally, I want to comment on our dividend. Last week, our Board of Directors authorized a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend rate, which subject to further declarations by the board, equates to an annual rate of $2.11 per share. The new rate represents about a 65% payout at the midpoint of our earnings guidance range for 2012, and reflects the board's confidence in our ability to achieve our earnings growth targets. Last month, our board affirmed our 60% to 65% targeted payout ratio, therefore pending board approval, you can expect future dividend increases in line with our growth and earnings per share or about 5% to 6% annually. So to conclude, all 3 of our business units performed well and delivered results that met our expectations for the year. We continue to move forward with our growth plans and expect to deliver 5% to 6% earnings growth per share beginning this year.  Thank you, and I now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning, everyone. Dominion's 2011 operating earnings were within the guidance range we gave at the beginning of the year. And largely due to mild weather in the fourth quarter, we're at the bottom of the revised range we issued on our last call. Operating earnings were $3.05 per share for the year and $0.58 per share for the fourth quarter. Very mild weather, particularly in December, reduced earnings by $0.08 per share in the fourth quarter.  GAAP earnings were $0.35 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.45 for the year. During the fourth quarter, we wrote down the value of our coal units at our Chesapeake, Yorktown and North Branch Power Stations which will be retired primarily as result of new EPA emissions regulations. These charges account for most of the difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter. Other factors for the year include restoration costs related to Hurricane Irene, merchant plant retirements, Kewaunee operations and the net impact from the SCC's order and the biannual review. A summary and a reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit.  Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the fourth quarter was $232 million, which was below the bottom of our guidance range. This variance was driven primarily by warmer-than-normal weather plus higher-than-expected storm restoration expenses. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $258 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. Greater-than-expected earnings from Producer Services and lower fuel costs at Dominion Transmission were positive factors.  Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $229 million for the fourth quarter, which was below the bottom of its guidance range. Mild weather at Virginia Power and lower merchant generation margins due to lower commodity prices and extended outage at Millstone Unit 3 were principal factors in the lower results. Offsetting lower results from our operating segments were lower interest expense and lower income taxes, both of which came in better than expected.  Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Funds from operations were $3.5 billion for 2011, on track with guidance given at the beginning of the year. Regarding liquidity, we had $3.5 billion of credit facilities. Commercial paper outstanding at the end of the year was $1.8 billion, resulting in available liquidity of $1.7 billion. Last September, we extended the maturity of our credit facilities to September 2016. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 13 and 26 of the earnings release kit.  Now moving to our financing plans. Earlier this month, we issued $450 million of 10-year notes at Virginia Power. This issue was a carryover from our 2011 financing plan. Excluding that issue, we plan to issue between $1.6 billion and $2 billion of debt this year, fairly evenly split between Dominion and VEPCO. This amount includes the replacement of about $1.5 billion in maturing debt. We have already locked in treasury rates with hedges for all of our anticipated 2012 debt offerings.  As part of our 2012 financing plan, we will issue new shares of common stock to our dividend reinvestment and other stock purchase programs, which will raise about $300 million of new equity. Since our existing SEC shelf registration expires at the end of this month, we plan to file a new universal shelf with the SEC later today to cover financing needs for the next several years. Included in this shelf registration will be the ability to issue common stock through an at-the-money or ATM program. We do not expect to issue any shares under this program this year. We're simply creating the flexibility to use this program in future years, when we choose to issue equity above amount raised through our dividend reinvestment in other stock purchase plans.  Now to earnings guidance. As Tom said earlier, we expect our operating earnings to grow 5% to 6% this year. Based on our operating earnings of $3.05 per share in 2011, this would imply an operating earnings range of roughly $3.20 to $3.25 per share for 2012, assuming normal weather. Incorporating some degree of sensitivity to weather and other factors to that range, results in operating earnings guidance for 2012 of $3.10 to $3.35 per share.  On Slide 8, we have highlighted the principal drivers, positive and negative, to our 5% to 6% growth in 2012. As you can see, interest expense, VEPCO revenues, rate adjustment clauses and gas transmission and distribution are expected to provide significant growth. On the downside, DD&A and merchant generation margins are negative drivers year-over-year. Let me spend a few moments going over these drivers.  First, on Slide 9 is the breakdown of our merchant generation challenge. In confirming our growth guidance on our last call, we anticipated a merchant margin reduction in 2012 of about $0.13 to $0.16 per share, mainly driven by the shutdown of our State Line coal units this quarter. However, as shown in the middle of this slide, we currently see an initial challenge of $0.06 to $0.08 based on the recent drop off in our open NEPOOL positions.  We plan to offset the additional margin weakness by reducing operating expenses as shown on Slide 10. Our total annual operating and maintenance budget is approximately $3.2 billion. We plan to reduce that by 2% to 3%. I've highlighted a few areas that we will focus on. First, we will have a number of natural offsets due to current depressed 1x and lower margins at our coal units. We expect to have lower variable operating, environmental and maintenance costs due to reduced production. We are also evaluating planned maintenance outage schedules and other routine maintenance in all of our businesses to meet this challenge. Finally, we'll be closely managing our employee and contractor levels. If you review our expense level performance over the last several years, we believe cost management is a significant strength for us.  Moving to interest expense on Slide 11. We expect year-over-year interest expense to drop by approximately $30 million as we continue to take advantage of the current low interest rate environment. Recent swaps and the replacement of maturing debt are expected to be the main drivers.  On Slide 12, we outlined our anticipated VEPCO sales and revenue growth. Year-over-year sales should grow between 2% to 2.5% with data centers providing nearly half of the uplift. Outside of data centers, our projected sales are estimated to grow only 1% to 1.3%. This may turn out to be conservative. Moving to rate adjustment clause revenue growth on Slide 13. You can see the transmission Virginia City and Warren County should provide most of the incremental growth based on the capital spend in these areas.  And finally on Slide 14, we provide a breakdown of our gas business growth drivers. These growth projects continue to support of the Utica and Marcellus infrastructure needs. All of these projects have been outlined in the growth plan for some time. We hope the breakdown will truly be helpful and provide the details of how we will grow this year.  Moving to operating earnings guidance for the first quarter of 2012. Our guidance for the first quarter is $0.85 to $1 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.93 per share in the first quarter of 2011. Please note, we have one additional first quarter nuclear outage in Virginia than last year. A more detailed layout of our earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year 2012 can be found in our earnings guidance kit, which will be posted on our website later today.  As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedged positions on Page 28 of the earnings release kit. We've added to our hedges from Millstone in 2012, increasing the hedging percentage to 80%. Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices in 2012 remains about $0.04 per share. Our sensitivity to a similar move in 2013 is about $0.07 per share.  As shown on Page 28 of the earnings release kit, we have hedged about 1/4 of our expected production at Millstone in 2014 and 2015. Locking in the uplift in pricing in these forward markets reduces the risk associated with achieving our 5% to 6% earnings growth targets.  So let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings for 2011 were within the guidance range. Mild weather, particularly in December, led to an operating earnings per share for the fourth quarter and full year 2011 that were at the bottom of the ranges given last October. Our operating earnings guidance for 2012 is $3.10 to $3.35 per share. The midpoint of this range is consistent with our 5% to 6% earnings growth targets. First quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.85 to $1 per share.  And finally, while recent declines in commodity prices present a challenge, we are confident that through control of operating expenses and taking advantage of the low interest rate environment, we are well positioned to meet our growth targets.  Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What's the trajectory of new data centers? I mean, does that look like it's saturated? Or do we have a few more years of this?
Thomas F. Farrell: I'm sorry, new gas what?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: New data centers, excuse me.
Thomas F. Farrell: No, they moved data centers. I'll let Paul Koonce give you the detail, but it's been going on for some years, and it's expected to go on for at least several more. But Paul can go ahead and give you that exact numbers we have. These are points that are under contract.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Tom. For 2011, we expected to add about 75 megawatts of new demand from either existing or new data centers. And in 2011, that's exactly what we did. We added about the 9 new centers. For 2012, because data centers require facilities, that work is already underway. So for 2011, we expect to add about 11 new data centers. And between 2000 -- and between existing data centers and the new ones, we expect to add about another 175 megawatts of contract demand, for a total of about 545 megawatts. So it's a very predictable schedule. And we have not seen any change in customer needs in this area.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And philosophically, in this commodities market, how do you think about hedging the outyears? Do you -- I mean, are you cautious here, and you just don't want to -- I guess, I was asking, are you bearish or bullish on gas at this point?
Mark F. McGettrick: We're not either bearish or bullish, Paul, on gas. This is Mark. As we look at the outyears, we look it as part of the package. And we're shooting to grow 5% to 6% commodity prices or a piece of that. So as we look at OEM opportunities, other growth opportunities, if we see a power price out there, a commodity price that helps support that long-term strategy, then you can see us hedge it. But you should watch us to average in hedges still at Millstone, but again, it'll be part of a bigger package as opposed to more of a standard averaging that we have done over the last several years?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Does your 1Q and full year guidance contemplate year-to-date weather?
Mark F. McGettrick: Year-to-date as in January?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we don't -- January is 1 month out of 12 and 1 month out of 3. I think right now, we assume normal weather for the year. That's how we build our guidance range, and we'll see what the actuals prove out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to clarify, on the long-term earnings growth. If you guys, despite -- if I heard you guys correctly, despite what we've seen in the current market, coal, gas prices, et cetera, because of your hedging and because of the growth prospects and the other parts of the business, effectively, you still think that you can make the 5% to 6% growth, correct?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the second thing is the impairment on the Generation assets. Could you just give us a little bit more flavor as to what happened this quarter?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, its Mark. I'll be glad to do that. We got the final mercury order in December. And we have been talking to investors for some time that based on what we thought was going to come out, along with some -- with other orders out of the EPA that we would have several facilities in Virginia that would not be economically complying. And so we identified those. And then when the final order came out in December, we impaired them. We anticipate those coal units shutting down and being replaced by new gas unit. And so we impaired them based on a 2015, 2016 end of life, which is the exactly the same treatment that we talked with our State Line and Salem units, as we identified those as shutdown candidates based on environmental regulations.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Now these are regulated assets?
Mark F. McGettrick: They are regulated assets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Now, wouldn't you be able to recover the -- I mean, I guess, this is a regulatory treatment, how does it mean -- is this really a real write-off that you guys are going to be a -- you mean, there's going to be a hit to common equity? Is that -- how should we think about those in terms of regulatory rate case kind of thing?
Mark F. McGettrick: Right. Well, I guess the way we think about it is we have an obligation to our customers and shareholders. We're going to be asking customers and our regulators to approve a new $1 billion plus gas facility with 100 basis point premium to replace these facilities. We felt it was appropriate to go ahead and remove them from rate base at the appropriate time, take that charge now and not ask for our customers to pay twice for facilities that will have the same megawatts.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so you guys are going to be taking a hit on this, it seems like.
Mark F. McGettrick: We'll take a hit -- we took a hit in 2011 on it to our GAAP earnings.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Now how does that -- you mentioned that these are going to be coming out of 2015 and -- that was the expected life anyway. So does that have a depreciation benefit that we should be thinking about in the next few years? I mean, does that possibly impact EPS.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, you shouldn't think about depreciation benefit for the next several years. And we'd be glad to go through the mechanics of write-down with you, with our IR [ph] after the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on Paul's question. We should assume that this gets removed from rate base beginning in 2011 or in 2015 and '16?
Mark F. McGettrick: No. We're going to remove it from rate base in 2013, which is when we would have our next biannual review.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it would be removed from 2013?
Mark F. McGettrick: We're going to take the charge in 2011, and then as we file the biannual review for those 2 years, it'll be included in the 2013 biannual review.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So this charge then would not apply towards '12 earnings, in the biannual review. We should apply this charge towards whatever you would potentially be earning in 2013?
Mark F. McGettrick: No. You should apply the charge to 2011. And on average, the review is done on '11 and '12 earnings. But the actual charge was taken in December of 2011, and that's where you should apply it.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. There was a markedly lower tax rate in the quarter and also a lower tax rate for the year relative to guidance. Can -- what drove that? And should that sort of -- should we -- do we need to make an adjustment on what we assume as a tax rate in 2012?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'm going to let Scott Hetzer answer that question for you.
G. Scott Hetzer: Paul, the tax rate for the year was better because of favorable settlements from federal audit issues and reduced state taxes and having to do with state tax credits on items like the Brayton Point cooling towers. And in the guidance kit, we have a range for 2012, 36 to 37.5.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, its Mark. I'd add to that, that we have had a concerted effort over the last couple of years to resolve outstanding IRS audits that date back almost a decade. And the tax group has done a great job doing this. A great deal that benefited in the fourth quarter was a catch-up benefit from those audits. We still have some more work to do on that. And so in 2012, give me a fairly wide range on taxes. Sometimes it's a benefit, sometimes it's a detriment. But we're consistently working on getting as current as we can with the IRS on our federal tax returns.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the last question for me is if I look at the utility rate base, I guess there's been a lot of accelerated depreciation that's taking place. Is it possible to sort of get an updated snapshot on what that rate base would be at the end of 2011?
Mark F. McGettrick: We'll be glad to do that, which we'll have the IR team call you on the breakdown.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can I just follow-up on this question about what your thoughts around -- not having included the sort of mild start to the year in the guidance score. And did I hear you right that weather was kind of an $0.08 drag in Q4?
Mark F. McGettrick: That's correct.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Was that versus normal or year-over-year, Mark? Sorry, didn't...
Mark F. McGettrick: No, that was versus normal. It would be about $0.11 year-over-year.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And was it -- and you said most of that was December. So is that also correct?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes. It was extraordinary mild December in Virginia.
Thomas F. Farrell: We have 5 days over 70.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I mean, I guess, January -- I guess my question is assuming that kind of January has been somewhat similar, do you feel you have enough O&M flex that you could also accommodate that, let's just say, we're just normal from here?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, from what we've seen, Jonathan, from so far in January 1, its nowhere near what December was. December was one of the lowest ones on record in the state. January is not anywhere near that level. And again, what we balance is -- with our other activities. I mean is economy going to be stronger. Is February, March weather going to be better to offset, if there's going to be a shortfall in January? So again, I think we feel real comfortable right now that with all the drivers we have based on what we've seen so far in January, that our guidance range looks good.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So January is pretty less of a drag than December was, so that's good. Can I ask -- and one other thing. Your -- can you comment on where you are on sort of your levels of coal you have under contract going into this year versus, say, where you were last year? Is that appreciably lower or around the same? And as follow on to that, do you expect to see meaningfully incremental switching, in terms of gas substituting coal, given where the curves are, and given how your contracts look maybe in Virginia and also up in New England?
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay, Jonathan, let me ask Dave Christian to answer that.
David A. Christian: I think you could fairly say that we are solidly in the range of gas-coal switching. We followed this coal parity and have been for some time, and we're solidly in the substitution range now. We saw some of this coming in New England and reduced our coal hedging positions. If you were to look the hedging percentage in the kit, you'll probably see coal hedging at about 26% this year. Last year at this time, it would have been about 70%. So you're seeing significantly reduced coal burns everywhere and saw some of it coming and took some actions. So I think you're going to see a lot of gas burn for the remainder of the year.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Any quantification around how much additional switch might be?
David A. Christian: I can tell you what it is for Dominion. We have in 2011, we went -- from '10 to '11, we from 13.5% gas to 17.7% gas. And coal went down by about the equivalent amount.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And any view on how '12 will shake out as you model it now?
David A. Christian: Too early to give a percentage number on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity.
Carrie Saint Louis: Two questions. First, I'm wondering where your annual cash flow guidance that you normally provide is located?
Thomas Hamlin: It's in the guidance kit.
Mark F. McGettrick: It's in the guidance kits, Carrie?
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay. I couldn't find it, so I don't know if I'm missing it or what, but I don't know if you know what page it is.
Mark F. McGettrick: We'll check for the page -- Page 10. [indiscernible] Okay. It'll -- It's going to come out after the call, and it's going to be on Page 10.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay, after the call. All right. And then I was just wondering, it's been a while since I've seen in any of your published materials, like kind of what balance sheet strength and credit quality metrics you guys have been targeting. So I don't know, have you -- maybe you could just provide an update about what metrics you target like a FFO-to-debt metric and what credit quality you guys are hoping to maintain during this large CapEx build?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'm going to go ahead and have Scott answer that for you.
G. Scott Hetzer: Carrie, it continues to be the credit metrics that would help us achieve the existing ratings. We really like the high BBB rating. And, of course, each rating agency looks a little differently, so we try to get away from specific targets on credit metrics. But they're not different from what you've seen in the recent past.
Carrie Saint Louis: Okay. But the high BBB is kind of -- because, obviously, you have right now a few different credit ratings, so that's kind of where your modeling the business. Do you define that as kind of roughly around the 20% FFO to debt? Or what ballpark do you kind of look out there?
G. Scott Hetzer: That is certainly in the ballpark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: I may have missed it, but did you quantify what your last 12 months ROE was at VEPCO if you had taken all those -- after all the charges and adjustments that you've mentioned in the call?
Mark F. McGettrick: Nathan, we didn't quantify it, but I would tell you that we believe our ROE for 2011 will be below 9%.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: So is it -- is there a reason why we couldn't see above allowed ROEs to balance that to get to -- you to that average in the second period -- second half of this period?
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, there's a lot of drivers that go into that as you know. But the biannual review is based on an average over the 2-year period. And if you were to ask us know, do you believe that we will over earn our authorized return in the biannual period? Our answer to that would be no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You guys have done a good job managing cost the last couple of years, and you're obviously targeting more, given these conditions. How should we think about kind of the durability of continuing to manage down O&M looking forward? And what sort of inflation rate should we thinking about from an O&M perspective, as you guys look at a 2- or 3-year period?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, Dan, we've been very focused on it. We gave very specific guidance in May of 2010 on what we thought our O&M expenditures will be in '10, '11 and '12. And we're right on target with that. We've taken a more aggressive stance now in '12 than what we've shown, so our '12 expenses will now be below 2011. We continue to optimize our operations. O&M's a huge driver for us. We have flexibility in a number of parts of our business to shape O&M year-to-year, in terms of focusing on different expense levels. So we don't have a specific long-term growth rate on O&M or a reduction level on O&M. We'll look at that as -- along with the other drivers that we have and take advantage of the opportunities that we have. We do have focus on it this year at a lower level. And based on the slides we show, we would expect to drive out an incremental $60 million to $90 million in O&M cost from where we stood last fall.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And I guess the other kind of question is, with the degradation in the forward curves -- this is long-term situation, but are you having any change in conversation with people about some of the gas development needs? Or do you see any slowdown? Or are people are kind of charging ahead even as the recount is being talked down a little bit?
Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, it hasn't slowed down at all. Actually, it accelerated in the fourth quarter. Where people are concentrating is in the West formations, which in particular for us is the Western Marcellus. But even more than that, the Utica. I mentioned it in the script. There's a lot in the script, you all could have missed it. It's actually every single well online in Ohio, in the Utica formation, is producing into our gathering systems at Dominion East Ohio. So permitting is going up, drilling activity is going up. But as you note in -- it's not accelerating in the dry gas. It's accelerating in the wet gas, which supports -- and there's not enough facilities in Ohio or West Virginia or Pennsylvania to handle all the wet gas that's coming online. So that's what supports Natrium, for example. And that were not the only one doing it. There are others pursuing these facilities. But we've gotten our share, and we expect to continue to get our share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I think Tom, you mentioned something about the one issue that's not clarified on the rate order with respect to the timing of starting it. Could you just clarify that issue? And if it matters at all within the guidance range?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, it doesn't matter in the guidance range, first. Because our rates weren't changed. They weren't subject to being changed. And if we over -- remember, you have to over-earn in 2 consecutive biannual reviews under Virginia law. The commission found we over-earned in the first, which for -- it's for the years '09 and '10. They'll review '11 and '12 in 2013. So what the issue there is -- was this is our view, fairly strongly held view. All the parties agreed in the going-in case in 2009 that the new ROE level for the second biannual review would become effective at the commission's order in the first biannual review or when -- which was issued on December 1. So there's a -- we didn't think it was clear from the order that was entered in December whether they were going to do what that settlement agreement called for, which was that the first biannual review ROE, which was 11.9% apply to the first 11 months of the biannual review, and the new ROE to the second 13 months, or whether they were going to apply to the new ROE to the entire 24 months. It makes a difference of 40 or 50 basis points, I think, on the average of the 2 years. So it's -- we think it's fairly clear, but that's in front of the commissioners under our motion for clarification and they'll rule.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. One unrelated question. Just on the Cove Point export approvals and the DOE process. Could you just go through what their process is? And this has become a bit of a political issue. Just maybe give a little more color on the reasons for support, the reasons against, and your -- how you think you'll be able to prevail?
Thomas F. Farrell: When you file for a -- first, we got the NAFTA country permits. That's a fairly simple thing to do, because there's a limited number of countries. What matters is getting the non-NAFTA country permit, which is presently under consideration. When you file for that permit, you have to file an economic impact study with it, which we did and is available for review, and you look at a typical economic impact study what -- they're looking at what are the potential impacts on the price of natural gas, if this permit is allowed. But you also look at the economic activity that is created by the issuance of the permit: New jobs, tax revenues. Things like that, that will occur upstream from the facility: a new pipeline operations, processing facilities, drilling jobs, the jobs that spin off of that to support functions, et cetera. The study we filed shows that there are very significant beneficial impacts and economic activity from allowing the permit to be issued, so they'll consider that. They'll certainly consider other people's views. They'll look at what the potential is for impacts on gas prices out into the future. I think if you look at all of it in a balanced way, with all the gas that's available in this country now, and particularly in this region, we think it is likely the permit will be issued. We expect to have it later this year. And if you look at just the map, if you're going to export gas from the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions, I think it's pretty likely that's going to happen through the Cove Point facility, just because of the close -- how close we are to the region.
Operator: We have reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I just want to remind everybody that our next scheduled earnings call will be April 26. And that you should expect our year end K to come out of the end of next month. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and enjoy your day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas F. Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric David A. Christian - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Generation G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President of Tax and Treasurer Mark F. McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas Hamlin - 
Analysts: Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations, for Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter 2011 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion.  And now for the usual cautionary language.  The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations.  Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2011, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we were able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will begin with a discussion of the earnings results for the third quarter, as well as our guidance for the fourth quarter. Tom will discuss our operating and regulatory activities, as well as our plans for the dividend. We will then take your questions.  I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  Dominion had a strong third quarter. Operating earnings were $0.95 per share, which were at the midpoint of our earnings guidance range of $0.90 to $1 per share. Weather helped the quarter's earnings by about $0.06 per share, but some of this benefit was offset by lower revenues due to the loss of electric service caused by hurricane Irene. Restoration costs associated with this hurricane totaled $133 million, and the non-capitalized portions have been excluded from operating earnings.  The last storm for which we took a non-operating charge to our electric business was hurricane Isabel in 2003.  GAAP earnings were $0.69 per share for the third quarter. About half the difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter was due to the charges related to hurricane Irene. Other factors included a write-down of the value of our CAIR-related emission allowances and the incremental inspection expenses at North Anna due to the August 23 earthquake. A summary and reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit.  Now moving to the results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the third quarter was $263 million, near the top of our guidance range of $230 million to $270 million. Favorable weather, management of our normal distribution O&M expenses and the execution of our transmission growth plan supported this strong performance.  Like other retailers who operate in Texas, our Dominion Retail business was challenged as a result of the extreme heat in July and August. Because we are gauged exclusively in residential and small commercial retail sales, and because of our hedging practices, we are not exposed to wholesale trading losses. However, at times, it was necessary to purchase power at peak prices. Nevertheless, Dominion Retail is still on track to deliver results within the guidance range we disclosed at the beginning of the year. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $168 million, near the top of its guidance range of $145 million to $170 million. Lower fuel costs at Dominion Transmission and lower-than-planned O&M expenses were positive factors.  Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $696 million for the third quarter, which was in the upper half of our guidance range of $650 million to $710 million. Favorable weather and lower-than-planned O&M expenses were partially offset by an unplanned outage at Millstone Unit 2.  Overall, we are pleased with all of our operating segment results.  Moving to cash flow and Treasury activities. Funds from operations was $2.7 billion for the first 3 quarters, on track with guidance given at the beginning of the year.  Regarding financing activities, we have completed our financing needs for the year, except for one Virginia Power issue of up to $500 million. We have already locked in treasury rates for this issue, as well as all of our anticipated debt needs for 2012.  As a reminder, we do not plan to issue any net common stock in 2011. Also other than the potential issuance of up to $300 million of stock through our stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan, we do not plan to issue any net common stock in 2012.  Through the end of the second quarter, we had repurchased approximately 13 million shares of common stock at a cost of about $600 million. We do not plan to repurchase the additional 100 million in common stock we had estimated might be necessary to offset the EPS impact of the current provisions for bonus depreciation.  Liquidity at the end of the quarter was $2.8 billion. In September, we amended the pricing and extended the terms of our credit facilities. These facilities, originally set to expire in 2013, now have termination dates of September 2016. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit.  Now to earnings guidance. Our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2011 is $0.58 to $0.73 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.63 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010. When combined with year-to-date results, this effectively narrows our guidance range for the full year to $3.05 to $3.20 per share. As we have said, since May of last year, a scheduled refueling outage at Millstone and an outage at Brayton to tie in one of the new cooling towers will have a negative impact on this year's fourth quarter earnings, in addition to the impact of lower power prices.  Also weather contributed about $0.03 per share to last year's fourth quarter earnings. Offsetting these negatives are higher base in rider revenues and a lower share count. We continue to expect annual earnings per share growth of 5% to 6% beginning in 2012. A reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010, as well as the fourth quarter and full year 2011 GAAP guidance can be found on Pages 40 and 41 of the earnings release kit. As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedge positions on Page 29 of the earnings release kit. We've added to our hedges for Millstone in 2012 and 2013, increasing the hedging percentage to 76% and 59%, respectively. Also as coal prices have softened recently, we were able to add to hedge positions for New England Coal units.  Our sensitivity to a $5 move in New England power prices in 2012, is now only about $0.04 per share. As shown in Slide 7 and on Page 29 of the earnings release kit, we have hedged about 1/4 of our expected production at Millstone in 2014 and 2015. Locking in the uplift in prices in these forward markets reduces the risk associated with achieving our 5% to 6% earnings growth targets.  So let me summarize my financial review. First, operating earnings for the third quarter this year were at the midpoint of our guidance range. Operating results for each of our 3 business units were within our guidance range. We have hedges in place for all of our remaining debt needs for this year and next. We have added to our hedge positions for our merchant generation fleet, reducing our sensitivity to changing commodity prices. And finally, fourth quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.58 to $0.73 per share. Our operating earnings guidance range for 2011 is now $3.05 to $3.20 per share.  I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. During the third quarter, Dominion's employees were twice challenged by Mother Nature, not just in the same quarter, but actually during the same week. We've done some research and cannot find an occasion during this century or the last, when a particular area was hit by both a significant earthquake and a major hurricane within a 7-day period. While we had time to prepare for hurricane Irene, there is no advance warning for an earthquake. However, in both cases, Dominion's employees responded to the emergency safely and professionally, and I'm proud of their efforts.  On August 23, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit the eastern United States. The epicenter of the quake was just 11 miles from our North Anna nuclear power station. Sensors at this station immediately triggered an automatic shutdown of both units, just as they were designed to do. The quake also impacted the transformers that connect the plant to the grid. Diesel generators at the plant powered the necessary safety-related systems until off-site power was restored. Both units at North Anna are shut down and in safe condition.  Inspections by engineering since the earthquake occurred have found no significant damage to any nuclear structures, equipment, pipes, valves, pumps, the Lake Anna dam or any safety-related equipment. We have notified the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that Unit 1 is ready for restart as soon as the Commission is satisfied that it can be done so safely. Additionally, the fall refueling outage for Unit 2 was advanced and completed during the shutdown and it is also ready for restart.  Two teams of inspectors from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission have conducted their own walk-downs and posted seismic event inspections. At a public meeting in early October, the NRC said that Dominion responded appropriately after the earthquake shut down the reactors and that there was no significant damage, despite ground movement that exceeded the levels to which the plant was originally licensed. On October 21, the NRC held another public meeting, at which the results of the analysis of the event and the inspection of the plant were discussed. Significant safety margins built into the design of the plant prevented damage to safety equipment.  After the meeting, a senior NRC official stated that North Anna will probably be allowed to restart within weeks. There is another public meeting scheduled for next Tuesday to present the results of the startup inspection completed by the NRC.  Hurricane Irene was a massive storm that inflicted significant damage to our electric transmission and distribution systems during the weekend following the earthquake. Although we knew the storm was coming, it's path and intensity were unpredictable. While we had originally expected the worst of the storm to hit the southern and eastern areas of our service area, the bulk of the damage actually occurred in and around Central Virginia, where winds in excess of 40 miles per hour continued for more than 17 hours. The storm prompted the second-largest restoration effort in the company's 100-year history, exceeded only by hurricane Isabel in 2003. The incorporating lessons learned from that storm improved our responsiveness to Irene. About 1.2 million, or half of Virginia Power's customers, were affected by the storm. More than 7,000 line, patrol and support personnel, including 3,100 mutual aid and tree crews, for more than 20 different utilities and contractors repaired damage at 35,000 work locations and restored service to more than 92% of our customers within just 5 days.  Compared to our restoration efforts for Hurricane Isabel, we had about 2/3 as many customers affected but restored service in about half the time. We applaud the outstanding work of our employees, and we thank our fellow utilities for their mutual aid personnel. I'll now turn to operating results for the quarter, beginning as always, with safety. Both Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy reported record for improving safety performance for the first 9 months of the year. At Dominion Virginia Power, hurricane restoration work led to an increase in both OSHA recordables and lost time restricted duty incidents. Our electric transmission business has gone 122 days without an OSHA recordable.  Moving to operations, our generating plants performed well in the third quarter. Surry Units 1 and 2, Millstone 3 and Kewaunee achieved capacity factors greater than or equal to 98.7% during the quarter. Before the earthquake, North Anna Unit 1 had been online for 298 consecutive days, and Unit 2 for 289 consecutive days. Millstone Unit 3 had been online 409 days through the end of the third quarter. Millstone Unit 2 experienced a 14-day outage due to a leak in the service water piping.  Economic growth continues to drive improving results for Virginia Power. Projected demand growth in Dominion's service territory is the highest in PJM. Unemployment in Virginia is about 6.5%, which is well below the national average of over 9%, and is actually below 5% in Northern Virginia. Weather-adjusted sales were up 1.4% through the third quarter and 1.7% if you exclude the impact of Hurricane Irene.  We expect demand from data centers to grow from 295 megawatts at the end of 2010, to a total of 370 megawatts by the end of this year. Much of which has already been realized through the third quarter. Data center load is expected to grow approximately 545 megawatts by the end of next year, and to approximately 715 megawatts by the end of 2013. We continue to move forward on our long-term infrastructure growth plan. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center is about 93% complete, and is proceeding on-budget and on-time, with about 1,900 workers on-site during the quarter. Chemical cleaning of the boilers was completed last month, in preparation for a first-fire of the boilers by the end of this year. More than 50% of the systems at the plant have been turned over for testing and commissioning. Initial synchronization is scheduled for early 2012, and commercial operation is scheduled for the summer of next year.  Our next new generating plant will be a gas-fired 3-on-1 combined cycle project in Warren County, Virginia, that will provide more than 1,300 megawatts when operational. The CPCN and Rider applications were filed with State Corporation Commission on May 2. And an EPC contract was executed on June 30. EPC contract is fixed price, which significantly reduces the risk of cost overruns to the company and its customers. Site work has commenced, and the final Notice to Proceed was issued for the combustion turbines and the steam turbine. Once regulatory approvals are received, construction should begin in the spring of next year, and the plant should be in commercial operation in late 2014. The estimated cost of the project is approximately $1.1 billion, excluding financing costs, or only about $821 per installed KW. Combined with its 6,600 heat rate, Warren County will provide substantial economic benefit for our customers. Even with the planned addition of the Warren County plant, Virginia Power will still need to construct additional generating capacity to overcome its existing shortfall and to meet the demands of its growing service territory. We have identified the need for up to 3 additional combined cycle plants similar in size to the Warren County project, 2 to meet demand growth, and another to replace coal-fired units at our Chesapeake and Yorktown power stations. They will likely have to be retired as a result of proposed new emissions regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency.  Virginia Power has also announced plans to convert 3 small generating plants from burning coal to less-expensive waste wood as fuel. The air permit applications were filed at the end of May, and the CPCN and Rider applications were filed with the State Corporation Commission on June 27. An EPC contract, which is also fixed-price, was executed on June 30, and we have finalized our fuel aggregator contracts for each of the facilities. The estimated cost of the conversions is $165 million. And once the projects are approved by regulators, it should be completed in 2013. The upgrade of our transmission system is a key component of our infrastructure growth plan. The modernization of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line was approved by the State Corporation Commission last quarter. Work is underway on this project, and will be conducted during the spring and fall of the next 3 years, and is estimated to cost about $350 million.  Our electric transmission project pipeline contains over 40 additional projects, totaling about $450 million per year, for at least each of the next 5 years. Recently, our electric transmission operations were ranked first in reliability among all of our peers. Our transmission investments are providing excellent service to our electric utility customers.  The growth program at our natural gas infrastructure business continues to move forward as well. Construction of our $634 million Appalachian Gateway Project began this summer, and the project should be in service by September 2012. FERC approval for the Northeast expansion project, as well as the Ellisburg to Craigs project was received this quarter. Both projects are expected to be in service by November 2012. We should expect to see a focus by us on a variety of midstream investment opportunities available to -- in both the Marcellus and Utica shale formations.  Last quarter, we announced the Natrium processing project. The Natrium site can access production in both the Marcellus and Utica shale regions, and is able to ship products via barge, rail, truck and pipe, offering significant value to producers. On July 1, we executed an EPC contract for the construction of facilities that can process 200 million cubic feet of natural gas per day, and fractionate 36,000 barrels of NGLs per day.  Recently, we executed an agreement with the producer that now fully contracts Phase I of Natrium. This phase of the project is expected to cost about $500 million and should be in service by December 2012. We can also expand the facility to accommodate additional demand from producers. Since we announced Phase I, interest from producers in the second phase at the site has been strong. We are in detailed negotiations with multiple producers for volumes to support the possible construction of Phase II at Natrium, which could be in service by the fourth quarter of 2013.  With the continued successful development of the Marcellus and Utica shale formations, interest in our potential Cove Point liquefaction project is growing as well. We are engaged in discussions with numerous potential customers in Europe and Asia, as well as producers in the Appalachian basin. We filed a request on September 1 with the Department of Energy for authorization to export LNG to countries with which the U.S. has entered into a Free Trade Agreement. The DOE approved that request on October 7, authorizing for export up to the equivalent of 365 billion cubic feet per year for a 25-year term. On October 3, we filed for approval to export LNG to non-Free Trade Agreement countries. This phase of the approval process requires market demand, supply and economic studies to show that the export of LNG is not inconsistent with the public interest. Our filing supports our belief that the project will have many positive economic benefits. Our application requests approval by June of next year, but it could take longer.  Our regulatory calendar has been fairly active this year as well. As many of you know, the first biennial review on the Virginia's reregulation statute is taking place. Hearings were held last month, and the State Corporation Commission must issue an order by the end of November. The purpose of the review is to determine: One, whether the company's average earnings for 2009 and 2010 covered by base rates were within the authorized return on equity range of 11.4% to 12.4%; and two, what returned on equity will be used in the next biennial review and be incorporated into future project Rider filings. Hearings are scheduled to begin in December for State Corporation Commission approval of our Warren County project and in January, for the proposed biomass conversions. We are confident in the value of these projects bring to our customers and are hopeful for commission approval next year. So to conclude, third quarter operating earnings were at the midpoint of our guidance range. All 3 of our business units performed well and delivered results that met our expectations, despite the major earthquake and Hurricane Irene. We continue to move forward with our growth plans and expect to deliver 5% to 6% earnings per share growth beginning next year. We also plan to request board approval for an increase of at least 7% in the dividend for 2012.  Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, I wondered if you could just walk through the time frame for the process for getting the approvals and what plans are going to be reinvested and which one's are going to close on the coal side and in the construction of a replacement gas generation kind of when those approvals occur? And when the capital will start to get spent?
Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, I'm sure you saw that the -- I'm sure everybody saw that EPA has now delayed the HAP's final regulations about a month to the middle of December, so they will still become effective starting 2012, which gives you 3 years for compliance and the possibility for additional year. And there's lots of things under consideration by the EPA to give some more flexibility on timing. That remains to be seen. Our conclusion from looking the draft regulations, and it's pretty consistent, actually, where we thought they would come out as long as a year ago, that it is in our customers' best interest to close our 2 -- or several of our coal plants at Chesapeake, which is in far eastern Virginia. And one of our coal plants in Yorktown and convert one of those smaller plants to gas. So we have -- to deal with the HAP regulation, we have 3 solutions: We will put on -- or expect to put on pollution control equipment at 2 large oil units. That's about $300 million. That will take place over the course of the 2012 through 2015-period; we will seek to convert one of the Yorktown plants to natural gas, it's a much smaller project; we will enhance or expand our electric transmission projects by adding another $300 million project above and beyond what was already in our plans, to get electricity down to eastern Virginia, to replace the missing coal plants; and then the capacity will have to be covered with a 1,300 megawatt, we expect to be three-on-one gas-fired plant that would be very similar to the Warren County -- or identical to the Warren County facility. Just actually, I guess it was this week, it was either earlier this week or late last week, we got zoning approval in Brunswick County, Virginia which is south of Richmond, where we would put that plant. So that plant will cost around $1.2 billion. If you add that up, it's $1.8 billion, that will all be spread out over the 2012 through 2016 period.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then on the -- we've seen some movement, I guess, recently in consolidation -- further consolidation in the natural gas infrastructure business. Is that doing anything to impact what you guys already worry about, greater competition and maybe lower cost of capitals, as those guys have more scale, or is that impacting anything you guys see in the market?
Thomas F. Farrell: We don't see that, Dan. We're obviously, we're watching it with interest. We see very -- investors are giving a lot of value to midstream assets. And they should. They're valuable, particularly in this region. We've been competing in this region for 75 years. We don't think the consolidation that we've seen so far will have any impact on our projects. We have a tremendous amount of interest.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And I guess this is the last question. As far as treatment on the storm cost from Irene, is there any way to recover that, or what is the process for recovering that, and how will that -- would you just remind us how that's going to affect the next biennial review for earned ROEs?
Thomas F. Farrell: The cost -- the biennial reviews are done on GAAP earnings. So that charge will be reflected in our 2011 GAAP earnings. And that will be taken into account in the 2011 and 2012 biennial review. It's possible that if we earned below the allowed band, that we would seek a rate increase to help recover those. If we recover within the band -- if we earn within the band, then they'll be taken into account, those charges will be taken into account, deducted from our earnings and reflected in the earnings band that would be reviewed in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just wanted to touch base with you on the write-down associated with the emissions. Could you elaborate a little bit on that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. What that relates to is that we had excess emission allowances in our banks that we got through the CAIR program. And because CAIR is going to expire in terms of the value at the end of this year, we calculated how many allowances we would need between now and the end of the year, and those excess, we wrote off.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Then the share repurchase, you're not going to go through with the extra $100 million, is that just simply because the earnings are coming in sufficient that there's just no need for it? Or is there something else going on that we should think about?
Mark F. McGettrick: No, what we always said on that, Paul, is that this was really a '12 issue for us, that we were trying to ensure that we can grow 5% to 6% on '12, and because of the loss of some tax deductions and a lower, wider rate base that we want to ensure we could make that commitment to our shareholders, and we believe we don't need to buy back that incremental to do that, that we can cover any shortfall from bonus depreciations through the initial buyback that we've had.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then finally, the interest expense. Looks like it's going to be falling in Q4 relative to Q3, a little bit more than I would've thought. Just any sense as to what's going on there. Is it just simply refinancing or something. Could you let us know what's going on there?
Mark F. McGettrick: We've taken advantage of some of these extraordinary rates that are out there, actually over the last couple of years as we've locked in. So I would call it its normal course.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So we'll just -- you guys look like you were remarkably successful in getting -- well, you were clearly remarkably successfully in getting good hedged pricing on the incremental hedges. Just looking at forward curves, is it fair to assume that those were -- those hedges were put on in June and July, before gas prices really came down?
Thomas F. Farrell: I think that's probably a fair assumption.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then looking at the capacity market in New England. I know, Mr. McGettrick, for some time, you've been skeptical of demand response in that market and its impact on capacity. I've heard that there might be some consideration of changes in the way demand response is allowed to bid into capacity auctions prospectively in New England, that it might be treated more like generation resources in the future, and that, that could -- I think, that's possible that could have a positive impact on capacity pricing. Are you aware of any of those potential changes?
Mark F. McGettrick: There's a number of types of items being discussed now as they talk about the next capacity auction where they're going to take the floor away. So these are some of the associated issues that have come up. Our view on [indiscernible] hasn't changed over the last several years. We see the Northeast being in the market that's going to tighten the quickest. The demand response is probably at the max. And so as the economic recovery continues in the Northeast, and with coal shutdowns, oil shutdowns, that we're bullish long-term on capacity for baseload units in Northeast.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you think we'll start to see positive developments on that as early as this next auction?
Mark F. McGettrick: I think it's too early to say. We need to get a clearer view on what the timing is going to be on some of the environmental rules, to see what shutdowns are out there. We also have a pretty large excess capacity position still, that being just all generators in the Northeast. So I'm not sure you're going to see as much in next auction, but over the next several auctions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. [Operator Instructions]
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question has to do with -- I mean, the quarter O&M, you mentioned you'd managed the market, it looked like it was down about somewhere north of 15% overall. Can you give us a little more insight into what was driving that, it seemed to be pretty much across the segments. And then, what's embedded in your 4Q guidance for O&M. Was there some of it -- is it timings in Q3, that will flow into 4, or something like that?
Thomas F. Farrell: Jon, if you look at the third quarter '10 versus third quarter '11 on operating expenses, we're down about $135 million, I think, is what disclosure says. First you have to do, is you have to take out Kewaunee out of those numbers. Because remember, year-over-year, Kewaunee is now a non-operating, so we don't have that in there. Second, the third quarter is the first we've really seen a full quarter's impact of our voluntary separation program from last year. Remember, that was done very late in the second quarter, so we had some pretty significant quarter-over-quarter changes down. And you can continue to see those types of benefits as you go forward. And then we had some timing issues on maintenance, both in our generating units, but mainly, in our distribution business. They were focused on the hurricane, repairs, not only during the storm period but subsequent to that, is they had to go back and make more permanent repairs. So that pushed some of the normal maintenance that we would've done in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, and some of our outage maintenance as well, had some timing impacts there. So that's the reason really, for quarter-over-quarter why we're so far down. I would expect a small portion of that to come back, particularly in the distribution business. And to some extent, in the transmission business in the fourth quarter.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So adding it altogether is -- should we be expecting fourth quarter O&M be up or down?
Mark F. McGettrick: I think you should be expecting fourth quarter O&M is down, if you’re looking at last fourth quarter.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then one other question, please. Mark, on the -- looking at the fourth quarter guidance for DVP, just the increase seems to be kind of much bigger than you've seen earlier in the year. What's just driving that sort of move from $230 million up into the $272 million to almost $300 million range in the fourth quarter, specifically?
Mark F. McGettrick: Two things there, Jonathan. We expect, in the fourth quarter, to have very strong margin support from our retail. And our transmission margins are also going to be very strong in the fourth quarter.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So for what -- why is that?
Mark F. McGettrick: Just timing over expenditures throughout the year.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On transmission?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And the retail? Just -- market conditions?
Mark F. McGettrick: Just the retail book that we have. It's much larger than what we had in the fourth quarter of last year. We're well-positioned, both gas and electric for the quarter. We've picked up a lot of customers, and we're bullish on the fourth quarter for retail.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you maybe put a number around that?
Mark F. McGettrick: No, I don't think we want to put a specific number around that. We have our guidance range out there and we'll stay with that for retail guidance.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, finally, the tax rate you're guiding to in Q4 is a little below normal, what's driving that?
Mark F. McGettrick: I'm going to let Scott Hetzer answer that question.
G. Scott Hetzer: We're still looking at 37% to 38%, which is in-line for the year.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: For the year, or so it's just fourth quarter getting you to that place, Q4 itself looks like it's more like 35%, 36%?
G. Scott Hetzer: No, it's -- we still expect to come in between 37% and 38% for the year. And that's where we see fourth quarter as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions. First of all, on O&M long-term, a little bit of a follow-on from John's question. What do you see for the next few years, as part of your long-term EPS growth target, the O&M growth component of that, and if you could kind of decompose that at some of the businesses, really at the high level?
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, we said back in May of last year that in 2011, that our operating expense is going to be up about $70 million year-over-year due to extraordinarily large number of outages in our generation fleet in 2011. But then it would normalize back in '12 to a fairly flat 2010 expenditure rate. And we still believe that is where we are. It would be a very flat or very modest increase in 2012. We haven't talked about '13 and beyond. We'll do that on future calls.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One other question. On construction costs of the combined cycles. Your dollar per KW number that you referenced for Warren County, kind of well below what lots of industry peers talk about for combined cycles. Can you just talk about what drives that?
Thomas F. Farrell: Let me have Dave Christian to talk about that.
David A. Christian: Essentially, it's the effective negotiations with all of the gas turbine suppliers and the deep sea participants.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But I mean, is that a labor cost driver, just to the region you're in? Is that a -- you're able to get the components because you're buying in bulk? I'm just trying to understand. Just because even when I talk to some of the other larger cap companies, they tend to quote a little higher numbers?
David A. Christian: It probably a combination of all of those, and I don't have those specifics at hand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Tom, could you review again, the -- when you were talking about some of the new midstream projects, you’ve listed a few that weren't on Slide 13, that you filed for FERC approval? You mentioned the Gateway project, which you expect to be in service in 2012. What were the other 2?
Thomas F. Farrell: There's the Ellisburg to Craig (sic) [Craigs] line and the Northeast expansion line were the 2 I mentioned, Leslie. We also are -- I think our -- I think, it was our last call. It could've been one of the fall conferences. We mentioned that we had -- Natrium had been -- not Natrium, Phase I had been 90% contracted. We did announce today that it is now 100% contracted and our negotiations are now dealing with Phase II, which would be about another $300 million project, which would effectively double the size of Natrium 2, would be finished about a year later. And then there's the liquefaction plant, which is not in any of our plans – I mean our capital programs at the moment, until we get a little more clarity on the possibility of long-term take-or-pay contracts.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: What are your thoughts in terms of the structure of that. Would it be sort of a joint venture or someone else contributed the equity or would you finance that? And in light of Cheniere's announcement with BG, sort of how are you thinking about the contract structure?
Thomas F. Farrell: Leslie, we're obviously still in -- discussing it with -- actually, it's numerous parties. All I understand about the Cheniere structure, Leslie, is what I've read in the trade press. If I understood it correctly, it's not a structure that we would have particular interest in, where they're taking commodity risk. We don't have any interest in commodity risk at a liquefaction export facility at Cove Point. It will -- if we enter into the contracts and we build the facility, it will look a lot like the import contracts that we have now which are long-term take-or-pay contracts. So we're in those negotiations. We are certainly open to folks taking a partnership position with us. That helped defray some of the capital cost we otherwise would incur ourselves, but we're large enough and diverse enough to be able to afford it ourselves, but we'd be very open to a partner.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And do you have FERC approval for that?
Thomas F. Farrell: We -- not yet. And -- but I think the most important one, Leslie, is remember, keep in mind that we have -- obviously, everything is there. We have the pipeline with almost 2 B a day of throughput is already there, 14.5 billion cubic feet of storage are already there. The expanded peer that can handle the supertankers, is already there. So all of that work you would normally have to do for a liquefaction project is complete and has all the necessary FERC approvals. All we would need approval for is actual liquefaction facility itself. We architecturally already have a small one at the site. I think it's -- the DOE permit is the one to keep our eye on to get the right to export the gas. Cheniere has gotten that for their facility and we expect to be able to get it. We got one for the NAFTA countries, but that's like Mexico and the Caribbean and Canada, and a few others. But the important one is to get to the non-NAFTA countries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just following up on Leslie's question on Cove Point. What kind of in-service date are you thinking about?
Thomas F. Farrell: It would be in the second half of the decade.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. No finer than that? No more clarity, because it's still exploratory here?
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes. I would not use the word exploratory, but it's in development. I think it's a little bit further along than exploratory. I would put it -- it's in development, but it would be after '15.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on Cove Point. You mentioned that if you would -- if Cove Point gets approval and you do construct it as a liquefaction facility, that you would be mainly, I guess, fixed-C [ph] -- or you would not take a commodity risk, which is what Cheniere is planning to do. What type of returns could we assume on a fixed-C [ph] LNG facility?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, it's too early to tell on that. But on our overall pipeline business, we look at Dominion Energy's projects from all -- when you take them all into account, we use -- we look at mid-teens returns.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I want to thank everybody for attending today and I just wanted to remind everybody, we will be filing our 10-Q this afternoon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Koonce - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power Thomas Hamlin -  Gary Sypolt - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy Thomas Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter 2011 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussions. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our second quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the third quarter and full year 2011, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick, and other members of our management team. Mark will begin with a discussion of the earnings results for the second quarter, as well as our guidance for the third quarter. He will also discuss our financing activities and provide an update on our hedge positions. Tom will discuss our operating and regulatory activities, and we will then take your questions.  I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Dominion had a very strong second quarter. Operating earnings were $0.59 per share, which were in the top of our earnings guidance range of $0.50 to $0.60 per share. Weather, which boosted earnings for the second quarter of last year by $0.06 per share, added only $0.01 compared to normal. Despite the normal weather, both of our electric business segments delivered earnings at or above the top of the respective guidance ranges. Other factors impacting the results for the quarter relative to guidance were lower interest costs and higher income taxes. GAAP earnings were $0.58 per share for the second quarter. The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were the benefit of a resolution of a lawsuit with the Department of Energy over spent nuclear fuel, offset by severance charges related to the previously announced closing of the Salem and State Line merchant generation plants. A summary and a reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the second quarter was $227 million, near the high end of our guidance range. Higher transmission revenues and a higher contribution from Dominion Retail were principal factors in this strong performance. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $184 million, just above the midpoint of our guidance range. A strong contribution from Producer Services offset lower results from our distribution companies. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $372 million for the second quarter, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Higher ancillary service revenues and higher-than-expected merchant generation margins were the principal favorable earnings drivers. Overall, we are very pleased with all of our operating segment results. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. On our last call, we outlined our financing plans for the remainder of the year, including debt issuances of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. To take advantage of the current interest rate environment, we have hedged treasury rates for $600 million of the debt need for 2011 and have taken a further step of locking in treasury rates related to over half of our 2012 needs. As a reminder, we do not plan to issue any net common stock in 2011. Also, other than the potential issuance of up to $300 million of stock through our stock purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan, we do not plan to issue any net common stock in 2012. Liquidity at the end of the quarter was $1.7 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 14 and 27 of the earnings release kit. To offset the impact of bonus depreciation on our earnings, we announced a plan to repurchase between $600 million and $700 million in common stock during the year. To the end of the second quarter, we had repurchased approximately 13 million shares at a cost of about $600 million. We will make a decision of whether or not to repurchase the additional $100 million later in the year. Now to earnings guidance. Our earnings -- our operating earnings guidance for 2011 is unchanged at $3 to $3.30 per share. We continue to expect annual earnings per share growth of 5% to 6% growth beginning in 2012. For the third quarter of 2011, Dominion expects operating earnings in the range of $0.90 to $1 per share, compared to operating earnings of $1.03 per share in the third quarter of 2010. Last year's above normal temperatures added $0.08 per share to third quarter earnings. Other factors leading to lower third quarter earnings compared to last year include lower expected margins from our merchant generation business and a higher effective income tax rate. Offsetting these factors are higher expected base and rider-related revenues and a lower share count. GAAP earnings for the third quarter of 2010 can be found on Page 40 of the earnings release kit. As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedge positions on Page 29 of the earnings release kit. We have added to our hedges for Millstone in 2013, but have left the 2012 position unchanged from last quarter. Our New England Coal units remain largely unhedged for 2012 and 2013, reflecting the low dark spreads currently available in the debt market. However, we were able to hedge about 10% of our expected output for 2012 due to a rise in power prices for the early months. The consolidated sensitivity in 2011 to a $5 change in New England power prices is now about $0.01 per share. Our sensitivity for 2012 is still only $0.05 per share. You should note that we are seeing an uplift in New England power prices as current market prices for 2013 are 3% higher than 2012. Also as Slide 8 indicates, market power prices for 2014 and 2015 are up 6% and 12%, respectively, over 2012. This validates our view that the drop in earnings for our merchant generation business will be in 2011 and 2012. Furthermore, we have begun to capture some of the uplift in 2014 and 2015 by layering in some hedges for Millstone in those years. We plan to begin disclosing these longer-dated hedge positions later this year. So let me summarize my financial review. Earnings for the second quarter of this year were very strong and at the high end of our guidance range. Operating results for each of our 3 business units either met or exceeded our guidance. We have hedges in place for a large portion of our remaining debt needs for this year and next. We have completed $600 million in share repurchases through the first half of the year, and we'll decide whether or not to pursue up to $100 million in additional repurchases later this year. Our operating earnings guidance range for 2011 remains at $3 to $3.30 per share. Third quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.90 to $1 per share. And finally, New England power prices in 2013, '14 and '15 show an encouraging trend that should help support our earnings growth targets going forward. We have begun to capture some of that growth with some longer-dated hedges.  I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning. We continue to move forward on our long-term infrastructure growth plan. Many of the projects announced at the outset of this program in 2007 are either currently in operation or nearing completion, and we are now well into the development of the next round of projects. These investments which we announced last September are spread across all of our regulated lines of business and provide the foundation for our growth in earnings and dividends. We see the potential for this growth to continue beyond the current 5-year window through the end of the decade. Since we began this program in 2007, we have added over 1,500 megawatts of generating capacity to our Virginia fleet, with the construction of a new combined cycle facility, peaking facilities, as well as upgrades to some of our existing plants. In May, the 580-megawatt Bear Garden Power Station in Buckingham County began commercial operation and has run for over 60 days without any forced outage or automatic trips. Bear Garden was completed on time and on budget. We will add another 585 megawatts next summer when the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, a coal and wood-burning plant in Wise County, is scheduled to begin commercial operation. Virginia City is about 90% complete and is also proceeding on budget and on time, with about 2,200 workers on site during this past quarter. Our next generating plant will be a gas-fired 3-on-1 combined cycle project in Warren County, Virginia that will provide approximately 1,300 megawatts when operational. The CPCN and Rider applications were filed with the State Corporation Commission on May 2, and an EPC contract was executed on June 30. EPC contract is fixed-price, which significantly reduces the risk of cost overruns to the company and its customers. Site work has commenced and the final notice to proceed was issued with the manufacturer of the major equipment. If regulatory approvals are received, construction should begin in the spring of next year and the plant should be in commercial operation in late 2014. The estimated cost of the project is $1.1 billion, excluding financing costs, or only about $821 per kW, which combined with its 6,600 heat rate, provides substantial economic value for our customers. Even with the planned addition of the Warren County plant, Virginia Power will still need to construct additional generating capacity to overcome its existing shortfall and to meet the demands of its growing service territory. We will provide periodic updates as we refine our growth plans. Virginia Power has also announced plans to convert 3 small generating plants from burning coal to less expensive waste wood as fuel. The air permit applications were filed at the end of May, and the CPCN and Rider applications were filed with the State Corporation Commission on June 27. An EPC contract, which is also fixed-price, was executed on June 30 and we are in the process of contracting with fuel aggregators for each of the facilities. The estimated cost of the conversions is $165 million and if the projects are approved by regulators, should be completed in 2013. On the environmental front, as you are aware, the Environmental Protection Agency issued its Cross State Air Pollution Rule earlier this month. In a change from the earlier drafts, the state of Massachusetts, where our Brayton Point Power Station is located, was excluded from the program. The program also excludes Rhode Island, where our Manchester Street Station is located. We are evaluating our compliance options for our generating fleet in Virginia, including installing control equipment, replacing some of our existing generation with new gas-fired facilities, adding additional transmission capacity, or some combination of all 3. We will discuss our full compliance strategy later this year when we file our integrated resource plan with regulators. The upgrade of our transmission system is a key component of our infrastructure growth plan. I'm pleased to announce that both of our major 500kv additions, the Meadow Brook-to-Loudon and the Carson-to-Suffolk lines are in service. Both were completed on/or ahead of schedule and within budget. Work has begun on the West Virginia portion of our next major transmission project, the modernization of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line. A hearing before the State Corporation Commission on the Virginia portion of the line was held on June 20, and we expect an order later this year. Work on this project will be conducted during the spring and fall of the next 3 years, and is estimated to cost about $350 million. Our electric transmission project pipeline contains over 40 additional projects, totaling about $500 million per year or at least each of the next 5 years. The growth program at our natural gas infrastructure business continues to move forward as well. You should expect to see a focus by us on a variety of midstream investment opportunities available in both the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations. Before turning to some developments there, let me update you on our midstream expansion projects that arise from the constraint conventional fields in the Appalachian basin. The Lightburn Extraction Plant, part of our Gathering Enhancement project, was completed during the quarter. The Charleroi propane truck loading terminal, which provides access to the Pittsburgh market, was placed in-service on June 3. Both projects were completed on time and within budget. Our $634 million Appalachian Gateway Project received approval from FERC last month. Construction will begin this summer, and the project should be in service by September 2012. Now to the shale opportunities. Last quarter, we announced 3 new projects which support Dominion Energy's 5-year growth outlook. These were the Tioga Area Expansion, the Allegheny Storage Project and our letter of intent between Chesapeake Energy and Dominion East Ohio to develop gathering systems to support Chesapeake's activities in the Utica Shale formation. Our next major project in the Marcellus and Utica regions has been finalized. We have acquired a site on the Ohio River in Natrium, West Virginia to construct a large gas processing and fractionation plant. With the rising price of oil and the depressed price of natural gas, drilling activity in the region has shifted from a dry gas to wet gas areas of the formation as producers look to capture the economic value of the natural gas liquids. As a result, the region has a significant need for additional processing and fractionation capacity. The Natrium site can access production in both the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions and is able to ship products via barge, rail, truck and pipe, offering significant value to producers. During the second quarter, we executed binding, gathering, processing and fractionation agreements with 3 customers. On July 1, we executed an EPC contract for the construction of facilities that can process 200 million cubic feet of natural gas per day and fractionate 36,000 barrels of NGLs per day. This phase of the project is currently over 90% contracted and is expected to be in-service by December 2012. Chesapeake Energy is the largest customer, having a commitment to provide 100 million cubic feet a day. The Phase 1 cost of Natrium for processing, fractionation, plant inlet and outlet natural gas transportation, gathering and various modes of NGL transportation is approximately $500 million. We can expand the facility to accommodate additional demand for producers and are currently working to secure additional commitments for a second phase of the project. Chesapeake Energy has an existing option for a portion of Phase 2. If the contracts are finalized, we would expand the facility to 400 million cubic feet of natural gas per day and 59,000 barrels of NGLs per day. The expansion of the facility would lead to a significant additional investment opportunity for our midstream business. With the continued successful development of the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations, interest in our Cove Point liquefaction project is growing as well. We are engaged in discussions with numerous potential customers in Europe and Asia, as well as producers in the Appalachian basin. At East Ohio, the company filed a request with the Public Utilities Commission to accelerate the previously approved 25-year, $2.7 billion barrel steel pipe replacement program to nearly double the spending to more than $200 million per year. We have reached a settlement agreement with the commission staff to increase spending by $40 million, bringing the total to $160 million per year. The proposed settlement is subject to the approval of the Public Utilities Commission. The hearing was held on July 22, and we expect an order in the near future. I'll now turn to operating results for the quarter, beginning with safety. Last quarter, I discussed the record safety performance from our Fossil & Hydro and Nuclear business units. This quarter, I want to highlight the safety performance at our natural gas businesses. Gas transmission's lost-time/restricted duty incident rate for the first half of the year matches its best ever performance. Dominion Hope recorded 0 OSHA reportable or lost-time incidents for the quarter and Dominion East Ohio recorded the best safety performance in over a decade. Cove Point was recognized for its safety and security performance, as well as its community involvement, with awards from the United States Coast Guard and the Southern Maryland Economic Development Association. Our other business units continue to register improving metrics for safety performance. Moving to operations, our generating plants performed well in the second quarter. Availability of our Fossil & Hydro fleet has been better than targets, particularly the utility large coal fleet, which achieved its best ever forced outage rate. North Anna Power Station and Millstone Unit 3 have operated at 100% capacity through the first half of the year. A spring refueling outage at Millstone Unit 2 was accomplished in a unit record 30 days. A spring refueling outage at Surry Unit 2 included a low-pressure/high-pressure turbine replacement, which was the final portion of the capacity upgrade project, expected to add about 40 megawatts. The tornado touched down on the site at the outset of the outage which combined with the valve malfunction, delayed the restart of the unit by about 25 days. Economic growth continues to drive improving results for Virginia Power. Projected demand growth in Dominion's service territory is the highest in PJM. Unemployment in Virginia is at 6%, well below the national average of over 9%, and is only 4.5% in Northern Virginia. New connects have been running below expectations, but sales growth has been strong. Weather adjusted, sales were up 3% in the second quarter after rising 2.1% in the first quarter. Last Friday, Virginia Power set a new all-time record peak demand of over 20,000 megawatts, an increase of nearly 2% over the previous peak set in August 2007. Several new data centers have been put into service or are nearing completion. Through the first half of the year, 5 new data centers have been connected, adding about 12 megawatts of new load to our system. We expect to add another 63 megawatts of new load from data centers by the end of this year. Our data center load, which was 295 megawatts at the beginning of the year, should grow to 545 megawatts by the end of next year and 715 megawatts by the end of 2013. Our regulatory calendar has been fairly active this year. I've already mentioned the recent filings related to our new growth projects at Warren County and the biomass conversions. Updates for the Riders for Bear Garden and Virginia City were filed on June 27. Last week, the State Corporation Commission issued an order in our annual commission rate Rider filing, approving an annual revenue requirement of $466.4 million, which fully supports recovery of the cost related to our growth projects. The new rate becomes effective September 1. On June 27, the State Corporation Commission approved our request to recover over $430 million in deferred fuel costs over a 24-month period rather than the traditional 12-month recovery called for in the statute. Our request for the extended recovery period reflects our desire to mitigate the impact on our customers. Finally, a few comments about our biennial review. As many of you know, the first biennial review under Virginia's reregulation statute takes place this year. We submitted our filing on March 31, and the SEC must issue an order by the end of November. Our filing demonstrates that our earnings governed by base rates for 2009 and '10 were within the 100 basis point approved range of 11.4% to 12.4%. Testimony from intervenors was filed last week and raised no unexpected issues. Staff testimony is due on August and hearings are scheduled for September 20. Virginia law allowed the SEC to revise the return on equity to be used in future regulatory proceedings although the governing criteria, such as the use of a peer group average of earned returns and the inclusion of premiums for operating performance and remitting renewable energy targets still apply. Our base rates cannot be changed as a result of this review. So to conclude, second quarter earnings were at the high end of our guidance range. We continue to improve our safety performance, which is already at the top tier in our industry. All 3 of our business units performed well and delivered results that met or exceeded our expectations. We continue to move forward with our growth plans, completing several major projects and beginning several more. This fall, we plan to provide more details around the next stage of our growth plan, including our plans for Virginia Power to comply with new EPA regulations, the continued build-out of midstream infrastructure in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions, and disclosure of longer-dated hedging activities designed to lock in improving margins for our merchant generating fleet. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess, Tom, first question, you said that you're going to readdress or kind of finalize the environmental CapEx plans due to the EPA rules due later this year. Can you just give us a little more clarity on timeline and kind of what the ROP process will look like?
Thomas Farrell: Yes. And I'm referring to first with CSAPR, the so-called Casper rules have no material impact or significant impact on our environmental plans. So let's set that aside. When we've been talking about future capital expenditures, I think we announced maybe 6 months ago that we expected the Mercury rules, the now called -- or the HAPs rules to cost around $1.9 billion at Virginia Power. We don't see any reason to see that, that will change. We'll be within that range. We will give a lot more clarity around how exactly we will comply with HAPs when we file the integrated resource plan, which will be at the end of August. And we will explain where we plan to go on from there with the investor conference season starting in September.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then on kind of the Cove Point conversation as far as export, any feel for when you guys might have something more substantial to talk about as far as maybe a plan or some memo use or anything like that?
Thomas Farrell: Not at this time. When we're ready to announce something, we'll let you -- you will be among the first to know.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then I guess just one other question. Clearly, there's been some interesting bidding activity on the market for other infrastructure opportunities similar to what you guys have in the Marcellus. This is an old question, I understand, but are you guys kind of, given the valuation discrepancy between what some of those assets trade at relative to where your stock is, have you guys been revisiting the idea of maybe pursuing other alternative vehicles to better represent the value of year Marcellus exposure?
Thomas Farrell: I'll answer the, I guess, a macro answer to that question. I'll let Mark talk about the financing. To the extent the question asked, are we considering selling or spending our midstream business, the answer to that is no. And Mark can talk to you about financing options.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Dan, we see the Marcellus opportunities just continuing to grow based on our current location and our success with our early processing plants. And based on that and the spend requirement over the next several years, we're committed to our investment grade ratings. But we are looking at different types of financing options to finance this large level of growth as we go out there, all the ones that you might think about. And as we make progress on that, Dan, we'll let you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: A couple of questions. Given how strong your earnings have been year-to-date, is it even necessary to contemplate doing the incremental $100 million in buybacks to get to the middle or the high end of your guidance range?
Mark McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. We talked about this previously. This is really an issue for 2012. As we looked at the buyback, we're entered into the buyback to make sure we're able to meet our 5% to 6% growth rate and keep our shareholders neutral to bonus depreciation. So we'll decide between now and the end of the year if we want to do the $100 million. It's not an '11 issue, it's potentially a '12 issue.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Got you. As we look at growth in demand in your service territory and how robust it is, are we -- should we expect more generation growth projects post the Warren plant coming online in 2014 to be presented to the commission as you see the demand continuing to grow out to the second half of that gate?
Thomas Farrell: Yes.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: And then what's the time -- the usual time horizon for presenting those resource plans to the commission?
Thomas Farrell: Vague question, can't answer that question.
Thomas Hamlin: The integrated resource plan that Tom talked about earlier will be submitted no later than September 1, probably the end of August. And that will enumerate our plans to meet projected load growth in the state of Virginia.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: And how far out will that plan go?
Thomas Hamlin: Typically, just 10 years.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Got it. And finally, when you talk about alternative financing plans, are you talking about using an MLP structure or is that off the table?
Mark McGettrick: It's one of the structures we're looking at, but we're looking at others too, JVs, et cetera. But we're -- we are looking at an MLP structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I'm sorry if I missed this, but the fractionation of the gas processing plant, what kind of contracting are you guys having with that? I mean, is it going to be a certain percent of proceeds or fee-based? Or can you give us a sort of a feel for what you might be seeing with that?
Thomas Farrell: It's largely fee-based, almost entirely fee-based.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with respect to the Cove Point export potential, you guys obviously have a facility there, and that's obviously, I would think that there would be some synergy with that. But there is, my understanding, a considerable amount of CapEx with respect to an export facility as opposed to an import one. Any sense as to how much CapEx potential might be there?
Thomas Farrell: Paul, it all depends on the size of the contracts that we sign. There is no prospect of us starting a liquefaction process without long-term contracts for an extended period of time that fully fund the expansion or the liquefaction itself. And it depends on -- we have to have a certain amount to make it worth our while to build at all or make it worth the while to customers to build at all. So we're a long way from deciding what the size it would be, although we are doing the studies now on how to size it and what it would look like and we're talking to vendors. And we're doing the market studies around impacts on gas price and all things you need to do to go ahead with this project. Interest has been strong.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Then finally, I see that you guys are testifying this morning on the Minimum Offer Price Rule on the "self supply" issue. What we've also seen is that in other RTO environments, and I was thinking New England because you guys have Millstone there and what have you, efforts to reign in out of market subsidy impacts on the capacity market, in particular, I guess. Any sense as to whether or not there may be upsides that you might see from these activities with respect to the forward years and what have you in terms of the full capacity market? Any thoughts on that at all?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Paul, this is Mark. What we're focused on is protecting the interest of our customers in Virginia. The current rules define unconstrained zone versus constrained zone, the rules are different. As you know, some proposals were made to potentially change some of those rules down the road. And our total focus is to make sure our customers don't double pay essentially for capacity if the rules are changed in order to keep their rates down.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Sure. But I'm just wondering in New England, I guess, I know it's a different process and it's not as far along, but it does seem that there are efforts by others to basically sort of institute some sort of buyers side market mitigation efforts, I guess, right? Market power mitigation efforts. And again, I'm just wondering if you thought that, that might have some impact on the New England market or whether or not it's too early to tell or?
Mark McGettrick: I think at this point in time, Paul, it's way too early to tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I know you can give an update later, but would you characterize your kind of post '13 hedging as dabbling? Or is it more substantial than that?
Mark McGettrick: Look, we never dabble. That's a great question. I don't know how to define dabble, but we'll talk about that when we come out with the numbers in the fall. We'll let you decide but again, we want to make share everybody knows we're focused on uplifting these curves. We're focused on our 5% to 6% growth, and if that '14, '15 period we can lock in some value to support that, then we're going to move ahead and do that.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And just switching to another topic, can you discuss some of the potential synergies this processing plant will have with existing pipe? I mean is it going to increase the utilization and fees?
Thomas Farrell: Yes. We'll be converting some of our existing pipes to wet to be able to provide liquids, et cetera. So the reason why this facility will be extremely competitive, and has been in the market, that's why it's sold out, is because we were able to integrate it with our existing gathering pipeline system. It's -- now the Utica Shale and the Marcellus Shale is bisected by Dominion Transmission's pipeline. And there are other pipelines, of course, in the same region. But this is our backyard and we've been there for 75 years and we have the infrastructure there to exploit the opportunities.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So what's the implication of Massachusetts not being part of Casper with regards to Brayton Point?
Thomas Farrell: The implication is that we are -- we don't have to comply with the regulations. So whatever the limitations on admissions, et cetera, are inapplicable to Brayton Point and to Manchester Street.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So that makes them that much more competitive. Okay. Who's the EPC contractor on Warren County?
Thomas Farrell: BMZ [ph], Burns MacZachary [ph].
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then finally -- the more -- every quarter, it seems like there's more projects in the pipe. I mean, at some point do we need to revisit the 5% to 6% growth?
Thomas Farrell: Not at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Just curious on you're halfway through the year, you've had a couple of decent quarters. You nearly had a 10% range on the third quarter. Power prices are pretty well hedged for the rest of the year, but still a $0.30 range on the '11 guidance. Is that just a -- we'll revisit it when we get the third quarter down? Or what are the things that could really move you that much at this stage?
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark. I think halfway through the year, as you know, we're a pretty weather-sensitive company in Virginia. We think to talk about any change in range at this early in the year will be premature. We'll see where we are at the end of the third quarter. But again, it's -- we're a third quarter company really on the electric side and we'd like to see what those results are before we talk about the range.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And if I may, on the NEPOOL fleet, it looked like you ran a good bit less than you anticipated in the second quarter, that you still managed to kind of deliver a number price-wise close to your hedge price. What was the reason for kind of -- there was it just dispatch? Was it operational issues? What pushed you off that generation target?
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, it's really market issues where we could replace our generation at a equal or lower cost with market purchases to settle our hedges. So those units didn't run as much, but we were able to make the same contribution as we would expect in running those units.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: When I look at the estimated annual NGL sales guidance, I guess it's on Page 29 of your packet, does the number for 2013 include the Natrium plant or is that not in there?
Thomas Farrell: No. That's not in there, Paul.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So this would essentially be a commodity-type sale, so can you give us a sense of what types of volumes -- I mean, it looks as if in '13, you could do close to 600 just on Natrium if you're at capacity.
Thomas Farrell: We need to make sure we're clear on this. And I'm glad you asked the question, Paul. The Natrium processing fractionation facility is largely fee-based, okay? So we're not going to be selling, taking ownership of the NGLs, except a small fraction. So while that fraction is not included in what you see on the disclosures, as I understand it, it's not going to be -- it's not something that you should focus on, I don't believe, as to earnings power of Dominion.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right. But I guess, am I correct in sort of thinking about the fact that when Natrium is in operation, granted it's going to be at a much lower margin, that you're going to be looking at volumes that are sort of greater than the volumes that you're disclosing on that Page 29.
Thomas Farrell: I'm not sure, to be honest with you, Paul. I'm just not sure I understand your question. Why don't you -- it would be better for you to follow up, I think, with our IR folks. We want to make sure we answer that really, and I'm afraid I just don't understand exactly what your point is.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then I guess the other question I have is with respect to the cross state rules, and I recognize that any change in variable cost in VEPCO would probably be recoverable under a fuel clause. Can you give a sense of what you would expect to be the impact on your variable costs of operating those power plants?
Mark McGettrick: In Virginia, we're in a good position with respect to the allowances that we expect to go into the bank. And we don't find ourselves in a short position and not predicting any material impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Real quick, just looking at Page 13 on the slide deck, the various plants projects, all of those embedded in the CapEx guidance you gave for energy the last time you gave it, I think it was one of the analyst presentations over the last couple of months. So anything on that slide in the plants projects, those 4 items that is not embedded in that CapEx guidance that you gave a month or so ago?
Thomas Farrell: We're checking the slide here, Michael, to make sure we answer your question. Natrium, we did not -- I mean, we didn't give you the amount in that slide. We have been talking about Natrium since the last quarter. We haven't finalized contracts until fairly recently. So while it shows up on Slide 13, the amount that we announced today is $500 million for Phase 1.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And the other 3?
Thomas Farrell: The other 3 are in the plan.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. The other 3 are in the plan. What's the timeline on the Utica Shale project?
Thomas Farrell: He's talking about to you, Gary. Gary, why don't you answer that question?
Gary Sypolt: Actually we'll be looking at that -- some of that gas will be ready to flow actually this year and more of it in 2012.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And I may have missed or I don't know if you discussed, did you talk about the scale in terms of the capital spending requirements for Dominion Energy for that, the Utica Shale Gathering Project?
Gary Sypolt: You should actually consider that part to be relatively small. We're laying a few lines to help gather some of the new wells being drilled, but it's not a huge play for gathering.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And last question, this is on Virginia Power, and it's a little bit of a follow-up of one that someone asked earlier. When you look at your potential capacity needs between now and 2015, and do you see yourselves as needing incremental generation above what you already have in your construction plant to meet summer peak by 2015?
Thomas Farrell: By 2015, I think the answer would be no. Because Warren will be coming in late 2014, but shortly after Warren, there is a need for increased generation in Virginia. As we look to the balance of the decade, there's still a significant shortfall that we're going to have to build with -- fill with new plant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just on Natrium and, I guess on potentially other projects that come up like this, how should we think about the returns that you might be getting on a project like this? Is it -- I'm not sure you can be specific, but maybe generally, is this above utility returns? Or how should we think about returns?
Thomas Farrell: Above utility return.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: But still with long-term fee commitments in terms of revenue?
Thomas Farrell: Yes, yes.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess the second question on both the Casper rule and the HAP MACT rule, could you give any flavor either as your CEO position or in the EEI position, just current thinking how to react to those rules?
Thomas Farrell: Well, I think first with HAPs, EEI will be filing its comments along with everybody else in about a week. I think it's August 6 is the date. We received a 30-day extension on the original 60 days. And I expect that EEI will be asking for some additional time for plants that will be retrofitted or replaced. I don't expect it to ask for additional time for plants that are being retired. Dominion has said we don't -- obviously the rule's not final, but from what we've seen, we don't anticipate any additional expenditures other than we projected originally, which was $1.9 billion at the high end of the possible range that we would have to spend. And that will be what we're trying to -- what we're finalizing is how we're going to -- what food groups we're going to use to meet those regulations, whether it's new power plants or environmental controls or transmission solution. We're nearly done with that, and that will become clear I think, in our IRP. The Casper rule, as I said, in particular because Massachusetts and Rhode Island were excluded from the regulation, there's no impact from the Casper rules on Dominion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: I just wanted to see if you have any comments on the recent FERC ruling on transmission and as it relates to possible new transmission projects for you.
Thomas Farrell: Paul Koonce can answer that question.
Paul Koonce: Yes, Nathan, we have been through the 620-page order. What they've done is deferred cost allocation to the RTOs, PJM's supports cost allocation at the 500kV level. So that's no change. And in terms of merchant transmission, again, I think the commission is deferring to the RTOs who developed those rules, but have given deference to where the transmission right-of-way currently exists or where facilities currently exist. We have a very constructive relationship with PJM, so we don't see really any impact from that as well.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Do you have any concerns or any issues with the ROFR decision?
Paul Koonce: Well, we did not have a ROFR in our FERC transmission tariff, but we do have a ROFR in our operating agreement with PJM. And again, the NOPR basically removes the ROFR from the transmission tariff does not impact us because we didn't have one, and has deferred the matter to the RTOs to develop the rules. So we've got a very constructive relationship with PJM. We're unaffected by the ROFR rule itself because we didn't have one, and I think we feel very good about our ability to carry on with PJM as we have in the past.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Great. And also could you just give us an update on perhaps timing regarding discussions of assets, perhaps disposals in your portfolio?
Mark McGettrick: Well, the only asset that is up for consideration for disposal is Kewaunee as we have previously announced, and we have nothing to announce on Kewaunee today.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Is there a more definitive timeline that you're looking at now?
Thomas Farrell: No.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing comments?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I appreciate everybody's attention today. And I just want to remind you that we'll be filing our 10-Q tomorrow. And our third quarter earnings release will be scheduled for October 28. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas Hamlin -  Thomas Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric
Analysts: Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Rudolph Tolentino - Morgan Stanley Unknown Analyst -  Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules, including in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our first quarter 2011 earnings document. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussions. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year 2011, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report, are contained in our earnings release kit. Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Mark will begin with a discussion of the earnings results for the first quarter, as well as our guidance for the second quarter. He will also discuss our financing activity and provide an update on our hedge positions. Tom will discuss our operating and regulatory activities, and we will then take your questions. I will now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Dominion had a very strong first quarter. Operating earnings were $0.93 per share, which was in the upper half of our guidance range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share. All of our businesses performed very well. GAAP earnings were $0.82 per share for the first quarter. The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter was a write-off of the remaining book value of our State Line Power Station and the impact of our decision to remove the financial results of our Kewaunee Nuclear power station from operating earnings based on our plans to sell the unit. This is the same treatment we used when selling Peoples Gas last year. Tom Farrel will discuss the strategic rationale for selling Kewaunee in a few minutes. Regarding State Line, remember that last year, we wrote down the value of this asset after the 1-hour SO2 rules were finalized by the EPA, shortening its expected life to the end of 2017, because we would not be installing control equipment at the site. In light of the recently proposed Air Toxics Rule by the EPA, we have elected not to bid the capacity of State Line into the upcoming PJM Capacity Auction for the 2014 to 2015 planning period. This decision triggered an impairment test for State Line and as a result, we have written off the remaining book value of the plant. Under current market conditions, we will be retiring the plant no later than the middle of 2014. A summary and a reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for the first quarter was $290 million, exceeding the top of our guidance range. While the regulated business results were in line with guidance, Dominion Retail produced better-than-expected results due to higher gross margins and an increase in customers. EBIT for Dominion Energy was $291 million, near the midpoint of our guidance range. Results from gas transmission, gas distribution and producer services were all in line with our expectations. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $535 million for the first quarter, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. As expected, earnings from our Merchant Generation business were down from last year, but came in at the top of our guidance range due to stronger-than-expected market prices. EBIT for the regulated generation fleet came in above our guidance range, primarily due to higher-than-expected PJM ancillary revenues. Overall, we are very pleased with all of our operating segment results. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. On our last call, we outlined our financing plans for this year, including debt issuances of $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion. We completed a significant portion of that need last month, with a 2-part offering at Dominion totaling $900 million. We issued $500 million of 10-year bonds at an effective interest rate of 4.48%, equivalent to 105-basis-point spread to treasuries, and $400 million of 3-year notes that were swapped to a floating rate equivalent of 4 basis points above LIBOR. We have recently updated our financing plans for 2011, and plan to issue an additional $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion of debt during the remainder of this year. To take advantage of the current interest-rate environment, we have hedged $500 million of that debt need. As a reminder, we do not plan to issue any new net common stock in 2011 and do not plan any public offerings in 2012. Depending on our cash needs and credit metrics, we may elect to issue new shares under our dividend reinvestment program and other internal plans in 2012. Liquidity at the end of the quarter was $2.67 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 16 and 43 of the earnings release kit. On our last call, we estimated that bonus depreciation would provide between $1.6 billion and $2.5 billion of cash benefit from 2010 to 2013 and that we would be able to narrow that range upon clarification of certain rules by the IRS. We have been given some additional guidance and we now believe that proceeds from bonus depreciation will be close to $2 billion. To offset the impact of bonus depreciation on our earnings, we announced a plan to repurchase between $400 million and $700 million in common stock during the year. We have updated our estimates and can now narrow that range to $600 million to $700 million. Through the end of the first quarter, we have repurchased approximately 6 million shares at a cost of $274 million. Now to earnings guidance. Our operating earnings guidance for 2011 is unchanged at $3 to $3.30 per share. We are continuing to expect annual earnings per share growth of 5% to 6% beginning in 2012. For the second quarter of 2011, Dominion expects operating earnings in the range of $0.50 to $0.60 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.72 per share in the second quarter of 2010. Several factors account for the expected difference. We experienced very favorable weather in the second quarter of 2010 that added $0.06 per share to earnings. Also in last year's second quarter, we monetized several pre-issuance hedges that have been executed in anticipation of planned debt financing that became unnecessary due to a strong cash position. The resulting reduction in interest expense added $0.03 per share to last year's second quarter results. The E&P business contributed $0.01 per share in the second quarter of last year and Kewaunee also added $0.01 per share. Other negative factors affecting second quarter 2011 earnings compared to the last year include a higher effective income tax rate and lower margins from our merchant generation portfolio. Factors offsetting these negatives include a lower share count and higher rider-related revenues. GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2010 can be found on Page 40 of the earnings release kit. As to hedging, you can find the update of our hedge positions on Page 33 of our earnings release kit. Included in the update is the first disclosure of our hedges for 2013.  With our power sales contract with Kincaid ending in February 2013, we have begun hedging the output for that plant. We have added hedges for Millstone in 2013, but have left the 2012 position unchanged from last quarter. Our New England Coal units remain unhedged for 2012 and 2013, reflecting the low dark spreads currently available in that market. Our consolidated sensitivity in 2011 to a $5 change in New England power prices is now less than $0.02 per share. Our sensitivity for 2012 is still only $0.05 per share. You should note that we are seeing an uplift in New England power prices as our average hedge price for 2013 is now over 2% above 2012. Also as Slide 11 indicates, market power prices for 2014 and 2015 are currently up 9% and 15%, respectively, over 2012. This validates our view that the trough in earnings from our Merchant Generation business will be in 2011 and 2012. So let me summarize my financial review. Earnings for the first quarter of this year were very strong and near the top of our guidance range. Operating results of each of our 3 business units either met or exceeded our guidance. We have completed nearly half of our debt financing needs for the year and have locked in attractive interest rates for a large portion of our remaining needs.  Bonus depreciation will provide about $2 billion of cash benefit through 2013, and we plan to repurchase between $600 million and $700 million of common stock during 2011, $274 million of which has been completed. Our operating earnings guidance for 2011 remains at $3 to $3.30 per share. Second quarter operating guidance is $0.50 to $0.60 per share. And finally, New England power prices in 2013, '14 and '15 show an encouraging trend that should help support our earnings growth targets going forward.  I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning. I have a number of topics to cover today. As you know, Dominion is making significant demand-driven investments in all of our regulated lines of business. These investments support our goal of growing our operating earnings per share by 5% to 6% beginning next year and driving a minimum of 65% to 75% of those earnings from our regulated businesses. As we have said in the past, we do not plan to invest new growth capital into our Merchant Generation business and would look over time to optimize the value of that portfolio. The principal sources of income from our merchant generation fleet are our New England baseload plants. It is in that context that I want to discuss our decision to pursue the sale of our Kewaunee Nuclear power station. Dominion purchased Kewaunee in July 2005. Over the nearly 6 years of our ownership, we have returned the operations and safety performance at Kewaunee to among the best in the industry. Kewaunee was the first nuclear plant in the Midwest to be sold by its original owners and the beginning of a series of transactions by other single nuclear plant operators in that region. When we purchased Kewaunee, it was part of a strategic plan to acquire 1 or more of these other units and build a business around that portfolio. While we were correct in believing that other plants would become available, we were unsuccessful in winning the respective auctions for those plants.  Without the other units, the strategic rationale for continuing to own Kewaunee was diminished, and we believe it is time to pursue a sale of the plant. Unlike the rest of our Midwest Generation fleet, Kewaunee is part of the MISO Interconnection, not PJM. We believe that baseload generation, especially nuclear in Wisconsin has long-term value and are confident, we will find a buyer for the unit.  Kewaunee has been operated under a cost-of-service contract that is set to expire in December 2013, which was the expiration date of the original operating license. A 20-year license extension was granted by the NERC in February, and we have been in discussions about a new power sales contract, but nothing has been finalized.  Mark also mentioned our decision not to bid the capacity of our State Line Power Station into the upcoming PJM Capacity Auction and we will be retiring the plant no later than the middle of 2014. This reflects our decision not to invest in new environmental control equipment at the plant. Moving to the tax situation in Connecticut. As many of you are aware, the tax proposal passed by the Energy and Technology Committee of the Connecticut General Assembly would have imposed a significant financial burden on our Millstone Power Station. Last week, the joint finance committee of the legislature, with the support of Governor Malloy, adopted a more reasonable tax proposal as part of their efforts to close their budget deficit. Under this proposal, the state would impose a $2.50 per megawatt hour tax on all traditional power generators located in Connecticut beginning July 1 of this year. The tax will automatically sunset on June 30, 2013. The proposed tax would cost Dominion about $24 million on an after-tax annualized basis. Under this proposal, there would be no change in our earnings guidance range for 2011 or our projected earnings growth rate. On the regulated side of our business, we made significant progress on our growth plan during the first quarter. The Bear Garden Power Station is virtually complete and undergoing final testing. It should become commercial next month. Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 84% complete at the end of the first quarter and is on plan to be in commercial operation next summer. We are also in the process of securing an EPC contract for our next major generating project of 1,300-megawatt combined cycle plant in Warren County, Virginia. We expect to file for a CPCN and rate rider with the State Corporation Commission on May 2, and if approved, begin construction next spring. We have discussed the impact of EPA's proposed rules on our merchant generating fleet. We have previously estimated the cost to comply with these new regulations at about $2 billion over the next 5 years for our regulated fleet, and we see no basis to change that estimate at this time. We are evaluating the various compliance options, including installing control equipment, replacing some of our existing generation with new gas-fired facilities, adding additional transmission capacity or some combination of all 3. We plan to discuss our full compliance strategy in September when we file our integrated resource plan with our regulators. As part of our plan, we have announced a proposal to convert 3 coal units in Virginia to 50-megawatt plants that burn waste wood. These seldom-used power stations will operate at a higher capacity factor, with this lower-cost fuel. Each conversion is expected to cost between $40 million and $50 million and are expected to be completed by the end of 2013. We will file for SCC approval of these projects in late June. There's a lot of activity around our generator facilities and we believe we are well-positioned to meet the challenges. As to our Electric Transmission business, I'm pleased to announce that the 500 kV Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun transmission line was energized earlier this month, within budget and ahead of schedule. The Carson-to-Suffolk line is nearly complete and is expected to be energized in June. Work has began on the West Virginia portion of our next major transmission project, the rebuild of the Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line. A hearing before the State Corporation Commission on the Virginia portion of the line is scheduled for June 20. Our Electric Transmission Project pipeline contains over 40 projects, totaling about $500 million per year, for at least each of the next 5 years. The upgrade of our transmission system is a key component of our infrastructure growth plan. The growth program at our Natural Gas business continues to move forward as well. The Cove Point Pier Expansion project was placed into service in January, within budget and ahead of schedule. Our $634 million Appalachian Gateway Project received its environmental assessment from FERC on March 31, and we anticipate FERC approval for the project this quarter. Construction should begin this summer, and the project should be in service by September 2012. We have recently made progress on 3 new Marcellus-related projects, which will help us meet Dominion Energy's 5-year growth goals. First, we concluded an open season on a new Marcellus-related project, which we call the Tioga Area Expansion Project. We have signed 2 precedent agreements to provide 270,000 decatherms per day of firm transportation service to move new Marcellus shale volumes. Projected in-service date is November 2013.  Second, precedent agreements for a new Marcellus-related storage project were finalized in February. The Allegheny Storage Project provides for 7.5 Bcf of storage and 125,000 decatherms per day of year-round firm transportation service to 3 LDCs, beginning in 2014.  Finally, Dominion East Ohio and Chesapeake Energy entered into a Letter of Intent in March related to Chesapeake's activities in the Utica Shale formation. Under the proposal, Dominion will build several gathering systems between Chesapeake Shale wells and our existing pipeline system. Dominion and Chesapeake will be working on definitive agreements to further define gathering and transportation business terms. Also in East Ohio, the company filed a request with the Public Utilities Commission to accelerate the previously approved 25-year, $2.7 billion bare steel pipe replacement program. The company has proposed to nearly double its spending to more than $200 million per year. I will now turn to operating results for the quarter, beginning with safety. We continue to work toward our goal of 0 injuries to our employees. During the first quarter, our Fossil & Hydro and Nuclear business units operated without a single OSHA recordable incident. We do not believe that, that has ever happened in our company's 100-year history. In fact, through the first quarter, our Nuclear business unit has operated over 15.2 million man-hours without a lost time accident. Gas transmission finished the first quarter with its best overall safety performance since 2006. At our Electric Distribution and Transmission business, OSHA recordable and lost time and restricted duty incidents remained near historic lows. Moving to operations, our generating plants performed well in the first quarter. Availability at our Fossil & Hydro fleet has been better than targets, particularly the utility large coal fleet, which achieved its best-on-record forced outage rate. In addition, the Nuclear fleet achieved a net capacity factor of 99.3%, excluding refueling outages.  2 weeks ago, a tornado touched down near the transmission switch yard at our Surry Nuclear Power Station, taking out much of the infrastructure connecting Surry to the grid. Both units were operating at the time and were shut down safely. Emergency diesel generators provided power to the plant until off-site power could be restored. Storm caused significant damage to the local area, and we have restored service to all affected customers. Surry Unit 1 was returned to service this past weekend and Surry Unit 2 has begun its scheduled refueling. Economic growth continues to drive improving results for Virginia Power. Projected demand growth in Dominion's serviced territory is the highest in the 13-state PJM region. Unemployment in Virginia is down to 6.3%, well below the national average, and is below 5% in Northern Virginia. Two very large public works projects in Northern Virginia, the Metro Silver Line and the Dulles Airport expansion continue on schedule and will drive significant economic and load growth activity.  Last month, the Federal Aviation Administration raised the height limitation for buildings in Virginia Beach, which we believe, over the long term, will lead to a significant revitalization of the region and new load growth. Several new data centers have been put into service or are nearing completion. Our data center load, which was 295 megawatts at the beginning of the year is expected to grow to 370 megawatts by the end of the year and 532 megawatts by the end of next year.  Finally, let me discuss our biennial review and our upcoming fuel filling. As many of you know, the first biennial review under Virginia's reregulation statute takes place this year. We submitted our filing on March 31 and the SCC must issue an order by the end of November. Our filing demonstrates that our earnings governed by base rates for 2009 and 2010 were within the 100-basis-point approved range of 11.4% to 12.4%. Testimony from intervenors is due in July, and from the staff, in August, with hearing schedule to begin on September 20.  Virginia law allows the SCC to revise the return on equity to be used in future regulatory proceedings. Although, the governing criteria such as the use of a peer-group average of earned return and the inclusion of premiums for operating performance and meeting renewable energy targets still apply. Our base rates cannot be changed as a result of this review. Next week, we will be filing our annual fuel factor update for Virginia Power. Due to the very hot weather last summer and other factors, our existing fuel rate has under-recovered our fuel cost over the current fuel period. In order to mitigate the impact on our customers, we will be proposing to spread the recovery of the deferred fuel balance over a 2-year period, reducing the increase to customer rates. We have a commitment to our customers to provide reliable service, meet growing demand and keep our rates very competitive. We believe that spreading the fuel cost over a longer period is in the best interest of our customers. Even with this proposed increase, Virginia Power's rates will remain among the lowest in the Southeast and more than 10% below the national average. The details of our filing will be available when it is submitted to the Commission next week. So to conclude, Dominion is off to a very good start in 2011. First quarter earnings were in the upper half of our guidance range. We continue to improve our safety performance, which is already in the top tier in our industry, all 3 of our business units performed well and delivered results that met or exceeded our expectations. We continue to move forward with our infrastructure-growth plans, completing several major projects and beginning several more.  Thank you. And we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I just wanted to touch base with you regarding the earnings impact from Kewaunee. I wasn't completely clear on that.
Mark McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. The earnings impact in the first quarter was about $20 million after tax, because we had a rescheduled -- a refueling outage, excuse me, at Kewaunee in the quarter. And for the rest of the year, although, it's difficult to estimate specifically, we would expect any earnings impact to be immaterial for Kewaunee.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So going forward, we shouldn't expect that much coming from this result [ph]?
Mark McGettrick: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. That's all I have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, on weather-normal trends for demand on the quarter, what are you seeing by customer class residential, industrial and commercial?
Mark McGettrick: On weather-normalized basis, we saw residential sales up 2.2%, commercial sales up 4%, which is significant. And if you recall, we said this year, our sales growth this year is going to be about 2.7% annually, driven in half of that by data centers. So we're starting to see some of those data centers come in, and so that produced 4% on commercial. Our industrial sales, which are a small piece of our business, are down 8%, and governmental is up, almost 4%. So overall, weather-normalized, we're up over 2% quarter-over-quarter, which is consistent with our projections.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And second question, it sounds like you guys think there's some upside to New England dark spreads, is that a function of your view on natural gas, coal? Or just the heat rates in the region?
Thomas Farrell: Well, the heat rates have been extraordinarily strong in the first quarter and continue to be fairly strong. So we saw some upside in the first quarter. And thus far, you would -- we would expect some. In the second quarter, we'll see how long that lasts. But thus far, it's been heat-rate driven.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: The junior varsity squad's on another call so I'm just filling in here. With New England, you guys are talking about maybe dark spreads, and I want to know if you could give some color on rail cost for coal. I mean, the rail lines are stating that there is some price increases going through, and I wonder if you can give some color on maybe some market -- on where the market is, and also, maybe how long do you guys are hedged for your rail costs?
Thomas Farrell: Well, in New England market it's not an issue for us at all, because we barge in or ship in all of our coal into the Northeast. In our other regulated contracts, we have long-term contracts on rail, some of which have fuel surcharges on them. But we don't give have any specifics out on a contract-by-contract basis.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Are you seeing barge costs for shipping going down? We're hearing that there's been -- there's such a glut of available vessels to ship that it's really put downward pressure on delivery costs. Is that accurate or that's actually completely wrong?
Mark McGettrick: Well, we haven't seen that yet, because most of our contracts are a little longer dated. We also have an ownership position in the ship ourselves. So we haven't seen that come to our -- or looked at that at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Rudy Tolentino with Morgan Stanley.
Rudolph Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: What I'm wondering is does the recent FERC MOPR decision impact how you approach future RPM auctions, given that now all the resources will be subject to the minimum MOPR price rule?
Mark McGettrick: It doesn't change our view at all.
Rudolph Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: With Warren County project, would that be subject to the MOPR rule?
Mark McGettrick: No, we're not. This is not a constrained zone, so, we essentially bid in at 0. So that is not going to be impacted.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Even if it's a new resource?
Mark McGettrick: That would not be impacted.
Rudolph Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just out of curiosity, I guess, the capacity revenues, does that essentially flow through to the customer benefits?
Mark McGettrick: I couldn't hear the question. I'm sorry, could you repeat it?
Rudolph Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: For the Dominion -- for the Virginia customers, the capacity revenue essentially flows through to the customers?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, it is.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing comments?
Mark McGettrick: Yes. Thank you. Just a quick reminder that we'll be filing our 10-Q tomorrow, and for the second quarter earnings release, we're currently scheduled for July 28. Thank you for your attention today.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary Sypolt - Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy Thomas Hamlin -  Thomas Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Randolph Wrighton Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hamlin, Vice President of Investor Relations, for Safe Harbor’s statement.
Thomas Hamlin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's 2010 year-end earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our earnings release kit. The 2011 guidance kit will be posted on our website later today. Schedules in the earnings release and earnings guidance kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom. com/investors. In addition to the earnings’ release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussion.  And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our fourth quarter and full year operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year 2011, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, we are able to calculate and report our contained in our earnings release kit.  Joining us on the call this morning are our CEO, Tom Farrell; our CFO, Mark McGettrick; and other members of our management team. Tom will begin with the review of our operating and regulatory activities in 2010, and the outlook for 2011 and beyond. Mark will discuss the earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010, as well as our outlook for the first quarter of the full year 2011 and earnings growth beyond 2011. We will also discuss our financing plans, and we will then take your questions. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. While we typically do not discuss issues related to M&A, I want to make a couple of comments, given market rumors regarding Dominion's interest in merging with or acquiring other utilities. As anyone familiar with our company knows, Dominion has a very strong organic growth plan. We are investing over $2 billion a year in growth projects across all of our regulated lines of business. Achieving our 5% to 6% earnings growth targets does not depend on our ability to make acquisitions. If we were to consider an M&A transaction, it would have to be a unique opportunity that would not weaken our financial condition and would be accretive to earnings per share and shareholder value.  Now turning to 2010.2010 was an extraordinary year for Dominion. We made significant progress on our strategic plan and demonstrated how our infrastructure growth plan will continue for at least the next five years. Our board of directors adopted a new dividend policy that raises our targeted payout ratios to be more in line with our more regulated peers. Last month, the board authorized a 7.7% increase in the dividend to an annual rate of $1.97 per share. Also, our total shareholder return for the year was strong.  We began the year with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia Power that maintains current base rates through at least 2013, and enables the company to earn competitive rates of return that support our infrastructure growth program. This was the first base rate case for the company under Virginia's new regulatory structure. We have since joined other parties in submitting a proposal to the Commission, which calls for the terms of the settlement to be extended for an additional year through a deferral of the first biennial review until 2012. This so-called staggering of the biennial review process was provided for in the 2007 "re-regulation" law. If approved by the Commission, the first biennial review will cover results for 2010 and 2011. And no change in base rates could occur before December 2014.  The return on equity will continue to be 11.9% with a 50 basis point collar in the return on equity for the rate riders for the Virginia City and Bear Garden generating plants will continue to be 12.3% for at least an additional year.  While we are on the subject of regulation, during 2010, we also secured our first base rate increase in North Carolina since 1993. The settlement agreement in that proceeding will increase annual non-fuel base revenues by $7.7 million and allow for a significantly greater percentage of future purchased power expenses to be recovered through the fuel clause rather than base rates.  We also advanced our strategic plan in March when we sold our Appalachian E&P business to CONSOL for $3.475 billion. This transaction enabled us to capture the value of our acreage in the Marcellus formation and significantly reduced our commodity price exposure. We used the proceeds from the sale to offset our equity needs, invest in our pension plan, reduce debt and buy back common stock.  One of the reasons for the sale was to focus our investment capital for developing the new infrastructure that will be necessary for the Marcellus region to develop. Since closing on the sale, we have announced four new Marcellus-related growth projects. New projects, such as the Marcellus 404 and the Northeast Expansion continue to move forward and are expected to contribute to earnings growth over the next five years. You can expect announcements of additional projects as the build out of the Marcellus region continues.  Growth in our natural gas businesses is not just about the Marcellus development. Our Appalachian Gateway and Gathering Expansion projects represent about $900 million of new infrastructure that will come into service over the next two years. We're also pursuing an acceleration of the bare steel pipe replacement program at Dominion East Ohio.  Finally, during the fourth quarter, we reached an agreement with our customer in the Cove Point expansion to shorten our contracts from 18 years to 10, which positions us to explore options to develop liquefaction capabilities at the site. A potential interest in such a facility would be limited to the infrastructure and not the commodity. The construction of the new electric generating capacity in Virginia is a key component of our strategic plan. Virginia continues to be the second-largest importer of power in the country. The latest load forecast from PJM supports the need for at least 4,500 megawatts of new capacity over just the next 10 years.  Also during the year, we made significant progress on the construction of two new power stations, Bear Garden and the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. Bear Garden is expected to be in service during the second quarter of this year, and Virginia City is expected to be in service during the summer of 2012.  The next phase of our generation expansion plan also came into focus during 2010. We are proceeding with development of the power station in Warren County, Virginia, with about 1,300 megawatts of generating capacity. This natural gas power plant will utilize the three-on-one combined cycle technology and will be one of the most efficient gas powered units in the country. We received the final air permit for the project in December. And we'll file for a CPCN and rate rider for Warren County with the State Corporation Commission early next quarter.  As part of the air permit process, we reached an agreement with the National Park Service to close our North Branch Power Station, the small 74-megawatt coal plant located in West Virginia. Our two major electric transmission projects, the Meadow Brook to Loudoun and Carson to Suffolk lines are also nearing completion. At our May 7 analyst meeting, we outlined our next major transmission project, the Mount Storm to Doubs line. That project received approval from PJM in December. The West Virginia Commission has already ruled that no filings are required to reconductor the line. We will begin road and tower foundation work in West Virginia this Spring.  Last week, we filed for approval from the Virginia State Corporation Commission to reconductor the Virginia portion of the line. Mount Storm to Doubs is the next step in what will be a multiyear depth upgrade of the 500kV transmission loop that forms the backbone of our region's electric transmission system. We also continue to optimize the value of our merchant generating portfolio. During 2010, we installed a new economizer at Brayton Point Unit 3, which will improve the reliability and efficiency of that unit.  We also reached an agreement to sell the development rights of Phase IV of the Fowler Ridge Wind facility to VP, and are in the process of divesting our interest in the Morgantown Energy Center.2010 was an exceptional year for our operating performance as well. We experienced a record snowfall early in the year and one of the hottest summers on record. Despite these challenges, we continue to improve our safety performance and service reliability, even with the midyear voluntary separation program, which reduced our workforce by 7%.  All three operating business units recorded their best safety performance in their history, an achievement for which we are proud but not satisfied.2010 marks the seventh year in a row where generation's nuclear fleet capacity factor exceeded 90%. Our nuclear upgrade projects added more than 85 megawatts to our summer capability. Fossil & Hydro's combined fleet achieved a new record Equivalent Forced Outage rate of 3.9% during 2010. Virginia Power fossil fleet did achieve a new record at 2.9%. Our electric transmission and distribution group improved this three-year rolling average reliability measure by 3% in 2010, compared to '09 and a 12% improvement over 2006.  We've made significant improvements in our responsiveness to customer inquiries as well. Dominion East Ohio replaced over 250,000 meters under the AMR rider program last year. It also invested over $108 million to replace bare steel pipeline under the PIR rider program. In conclusion, I believe that from both a strategic and operational point of view, 2010 was an outstanding year for Dominion. I will now turn the call over to Mark, for a review of our financial results.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Tom. Let me begin with consolidated 2010 results. Earnings in 2010 were very strong. Operating earnings were $3.34 per share, in the upper half of our original guidance range of $3.20 to $3.40 per share, and 2% above operating earnings for 2009. Favorable weather and higher rate adjustment clause revenues were the principal positive factors influencing the earnings. Our interest expense were also lower than expected as strong cash flow reduced our need for external debt financing.  Partially offsetting these factors were lower margins from our merchant generation fleet and the absence of earnings from our previously owned Appalachian E&P business. We produced operating earnings in the fourth quarter of $0.63 per share, level with last year's fourth quarter and near the midpoint of our guidance range. GAAP earnings were $0.43 per share for the fourth quarter and $4.68 per share for the year.  The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings for the year were the gain on the sale of our Appalachian E&P operations, the cost of the workforce reduction program, a charge related to the discontinued operations at Peoples Gas and impairment charges on certain merchant generation assets. A summary and a reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release kit.  Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, EBIT for 2010 was $891 million, near the midpoint of our original guidance range of $866 million to $930 million. The benefits of favorable weather in a regulated electric service territory were largely offset by major storm and service restoration costs and other investments to improve reliability.  EBIT for Dominion Energy was $862 million compared to our original guidance range of $852 million to $894 million. Lower fuel costs for Dominion gas transmission were partially offset by a lower contribution from Producer Services. Dominion Generation produced EBIT of $2.3 billion for 2010, above the high end of our original guidance range.  Favorable weather in our regulated electric service area more than offset costs from investments made to improve reliability. Overall, we are very pleased with all of our operating segment results. We have prepared a number of supplemental schedules that can be found on our website following the conclusion of our earnings call.  These supplemental schedules show quarterly and annual EBIT for the legal entity Virginia Power, which includes utility generation, electric transmission and distribution operations, as well as quarterly and annual EBIT for our regulated gas businesses, merchant generation and Dominion Retail. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities.  The company generated very strong cash flow last year because of both good results from operations and from divestiture activities, enabling us to fund our CapEx program, invest in our pension plan, reduce debt and repurchase common stock. Liquidity at the end of the year was $2 billion. Our liquidity needs declined significantly when we sold our E&P business.  You may recall that in September, we replaced and resized our credit commitments down to $3.5 billion. We are very comfortable with this new capacity level given our current and potential liquidity requirements. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 16 and 43 of the earnings release kit.  We can't talk about our financing plans for the next few years without first discussing the impact of the bonus depreciation provision and the recent tax bills enacted by Congress. Many of the capital projects we have underway qualify for bonus depreciation, although there is still ambiguity as to whether some projects qualify for 50% or 100% depreciation. Our best estimate at this time is that the cash benefit will be between $1.6 billion and $2.5 billion through 2013. We have already used a portion of the cash benefit to make a contribution to the Dominion pension plan, and we'll use future benefits to buy back common stock and afford debt that otherwise would've been issued over the next three years.  As you know, there's a negative side to bonus depreciation. The deferred taxes that are created as a result of this accelerated depreciation will reduce our rate base, and it will reduce or eliminate the 199 or manufacturing tax deduction. The share repurchases and earnings benefit of the pension contribution should offset all the negative impacts for 2011 and most of the expected impact for 2012 and beyond. Now moving to our financing plan for this year. Recall that our previous plan, which was developed prior to the extension of bonus depreciation did not include any equity in 2011.  With the benefits of bonus depreciation, we now plan to repurchase $400 million to $700 million of equity this year. On the debt side, we plan to issue between $2.2 billion and $2.7 billion of debt this year, including the funding of about $500 million in maturities. While the financing plan for 2012 is far from complete at this early date, we have determined that we do not need to have a market issue of common stock in 2012, and we'll determine at a later date whether to issue new shares or use market purchases to satisfy the dividend reinvestment and other plan requirements.  We have already used $400 million of bonus depreciation tax savings to make a contribution to our pension plans. Dominion's pension plans have been very well-funded for quite some time, and its funding levels rank among the strongest, not only in the industry, but the entire Fortune 500. With this latest contribution, Dominion pension plans had a funded ratio of 116% on a combined basis.  Now to full year and first quarter 2011 earnings guidance. Our guidance range for operating earnings for the full year of 2011 remains at $3.00 to $3.30 per share. More details regarding our 2011 guidance can be found in the guidance kit that will be available on our website later today. The principal negative driver to 2011 earnings compared to 2010 is lower realized margin from our merchant fleet due to lower commodity prices and higher planned outage expenses. Other negative factors include a return to normal weather in our regulated service territory and a higher effective tax rate due to the decrease or elimination of the manufacturing deduction.  Factors somewhat offsetting these negatives include higher electric sales growth commensurate with a recovering economy, higher revenues from our various rider projects and lower utility outage cost. We have been saying for some time that 2011 represents the year in which our commodity sensitive earnings bottom out. We still expect to achieve the previously forecasted 5% to 6% growth in earnings per share beginning in 2012.  Dominion expects first quarter 2011 operating earnings in the range of $0.85 to $0.95 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.96 per share in the first quarter of 2010. Positive factors for the first quarter of 2011, compared to the prior year, include higher rider revenues and lower storm restoration expenses. Factors offsetting these positives include a return to normal weather, lower merchant generation margins, the absence of earnings from our E&P business and higher interest expenses.  GAAP earnings for the first quarter of 2010 were $0.29 per share. For a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP, please refer to our GAAP reconciliation schedules contained in our earnings release kit.  As to hedging, we've added to our hedge positions at Millstone, increasing coverage of expected output to 70% for 2012. At our New England coal units, our hedge position was unchanged from the prior quarter. We also increased our hedge position at State Line to 77% for 2011 and 76% for 2012. Our consolidated sensitivity in 2011 to a $5 change in New England power prices is now approximately $0.02 per share. Our sensitivity for 2012 is now only $0.05 per share.  In addition, we have nearly reached our maximum hedge position for frac spreads each year through 2013 at levels that support our growth projections. The update of our hedge positions can be found on Page 32 of our earnings release kit. Our hedge positions, coupled with current forward prices in a regulated growth plan support our 5% to 6% earnings growth rate beginning in 2012.  So let me summarize my financial review. First, we have achieved all of our important operational, strategic and financial goals in 2010. Second, our 2011 operating earnings range, guidance range remains unchanged at $3.00 to $3.30 per share. Third, we expect that the cash impact of bonus depreciation will eliminate our need for multi-issuance of common stock for the next two years. Fourth, we intend to mitigate the EPS impact of bonus depreciation through share repurchases and reduced debt issuances. And finally, we have secure hedges on our merchant fleet, which support our earnings guidance and growth targets. We believe that our regulated growth plan, coupled with an expected total dividend increase of nearly 15% over the next two years, position us to provide strong returns for our shareholders.  Thank you. And we’re now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the Daniel Eggers, Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Just on the bonus depreciation number, it's an awfully wide range. I know there's still some uncertainty on the rules, but could you just help us think about the impact of some of the rate base growth numbers that you guys would’ve projected, as far as through the bucket out where you see the bunch depreciation, which projects or which businesses are going to be most impacted? Benefited, I guess is probably a better way of saying that.
Mark McGettrick: This is Mark. When we get the final clarification on this, we’re going to go ahead and buy business segment showed by the exact impact. But as a general ruling and the reason for the wide range for us is that, as you know, we have several very large projects, and the biggest of which is the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, which is next year, that’s $1.8 billion. Bear Garden, our gas facility, closes this year over $600 million. Brayton Point cooling towers will commend this year and next. So depending if they get 50% or 100% bonus depreciation, that's the reason for the wide range. I would say that the main drivers in terms of the businesses that I would see a rate base growth are really based on the riders in Virginia for Beechach and for Bear Garden, as well as for the two large transmission projects. We are very comfortable with the bottom of the range at the 1.6 level. I think the question will be based on the final rules, which should be available in the next several months. Will that number approach to the top of the range part, or will stay at the 1.6 billion?
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I just wanted to touch base with you on the impairment for the Generation assets. What specifically caused that to $32 million? I'm sorry if I missed it in the release, I went through it.
Mark McGettrick: No problem, Paul. There were two issues there. Earlier this year, we impaired State Line based on the one-hour SO2 rule, and we had a small true up to that impairment of about $15 million. The other impairment or it's a small impairment we made to Salem based on analysis we did on future cash flows, and so that plant was impaired by about $19 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont, Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It looks like the processing levels for midstream are going to be 180 to 190 in 2012. Given the sizable expansion that's taking place, when would we begin to see sort of material increases in that number? And what would be the level of processing capacity that you would ultimately go to in '13 and '14?
Thomas Farrell: Paul, we'll let Gary Sypolt to answer that question, who runs our Energy business.
Gary Sypolt: Really, it's driven by how quickly wells having high BTU are drilled. And we are seeing drilling occurring and success occurring. With that, the expectation of additional liquids are coming. Now we've announced the project that the Marcellus 404, which would be able to handle about 300 million a day and fractionation of about 32,000 barrels a day. And we think that timeframe's probably 2014 to 2015 to get that, more like 2014, I think, to get that in the service. So with that, we’ll hopefully see the increase in volume that you see. The numbers that you mentioned for 2012's pretty much on target with where we would expect that to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you give us any color in the hedging you did at Millstone? Was that sort of a round-the-clock type product? Or was it more peak, more off-peak, can you give us any insight there?
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, that was a round-the-clock.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: Mark, any color on sort of how you're approaching your open coal position, given what's going on in the market? I remember last time coal prices ran, you were pretty confident you'd be able to transact that prices lower than what we see on the screen. So interested in any color you have at this time?
Mark McGettrick: Well, yes, as you can see from the hedge schedules, we haven't made any progress on our coal facilities in Northeast for 2012, are still unhedged. I know Jonathan, you follow the coal markets closely. We honestly had a at least a temporary run up based on summer challenges in Australia and in the South America on international coal, which is also driven up Central Ap prices higher than what we believe are sustainable. So we're going to be cautious on hedging our New England coal plant until we see some collection on coal. It's no surprise that these Dutch spreads are very small. And those units right now based on elevated coal prices and depressed power prices, so we're going to be very careful going in. We did hedge a significant amount at Millstone, over the last quarter were really liked the prices there on the power, that ran up. There was some pressure based on basis that helped the power spreads. But on coal, we want to be cautious, and we still believe that coal prices as we move to this year and Central Ap will be a normalized down to a lower level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne, Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: My questions are around the Merchant business. I see that in the fourth quarter for the first time of many quarters, the merchant generation margin was stable. And you're mentioning, however, that it's likely to be a drag on earnings in '11. So I was hoping you might give some color about the extent of that drag? And perhaps most importantly, when do you think the earnings of that segment will bottom out?
Mark McGettrick: We think, Hugh, as we've said, that '11, '12 is the bottoming period of that. If you look at an EBIT basis from 2010 to 2011, we expect our Merchant Generation businesses to still drag year-over-year based on the open positions and previous hedged positions. You'll see in the guidance kit that should come out later today, that it's a fairly significant drag in '11, that's in our guidance. EBIT, around the range of $500 million or so. But again, you'll see that as the bottom. And in one of the charts that we showed as we went through the script, we think that based on current forwards, that's the bottom for us, and we should start to see progress from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Date on your capital spending outlook at the subsidiary level or at the business unit level.
Thomas Hamlin: We missed the beginning of that question, sorry.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you just give an update on you capital spending and capital growth plans? Have there been any changes since, I think, you last discussed the E&I at the segment level or the consolidated level?
Mark McGettrick: Michael, if you look at '11, you're looking at total capital of about $3.9 billion, consistent with what we've showed before. And in 2012, about $4.6 billion. The growth component of that is $2.1 billion in 2011 and $2.6 billion at 2012. Again, I think these numbers are very consistent with what we've shown previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman, Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: You mentioned, I know, you, going back to your analyst meeting, mentioned having a lot of outages scheduled for 2011 on the merchant. I think at the meeting you actually gave a number for the impact of that.
Thomas Farrell: There are five major outages. Three of them are -- we have all three of the merchants. Vehicular units have refueling outages. Brayton Point, the cooling towers that Mark mentioned, part of it is done late this year, a little bit of it’s in '12. So Brayton will be out for much longer period than would be normal. And last is because they've been running Fairless Works above plan, we have to do a maintenance outage on Fairless Works in '11, which earlier than was anticipated originally.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Is there a number, a cost of all these?
Mark McGettrick: We said in May, and I think it's consistent, Steve, that you should expect overhead expenses to be up $70 million to $80 million year-over-year based on these outages.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont, Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to go back to I guess your opening statement on mergers and acquisitions. What would it have been with respect to either Progress or Duke that would've made, in your view, a good fit potentially for Dominion? And how should we sort of think about the types of candidates that you think would be a good fit, absent these two companies?
Thomas Farrell: I'm going to revert to -- I've said all we're going to say about M&A. Since I became a CEO over five years ago, I've never talked about it. I'm not going to talk about it in the future, but there was lots of rumors running around. I appreciate folks' interest in it, but I think it's just better not to talk about it one way or another. But I understand your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Judge, Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: I wanted to ask if you could expand on your Cove Point comments, specifically what kind of CapEx opportunity are you talking about. And perhaps over what time period, and what are your milestones there?
Thomas Farrell: Nathan, you're referring, I assume to the comment about potential liquefaction facility. We've done work around what it' cost would be. We're not far enough along to announce what that would be. We have discussed the potential for liquefaction facilities at Cove Point with the number of various major companies. If you think about Cove Point where it sit there at mid-Atlantic, a couple hundred miles in Marcellus region, it's got all the facilities it needs other than the liquefaction itself. The pipe is there, the terminals are there, the logistics span appear. If the Marcellus is going to build out the way it is expected, to reach its full potential people are going to have to explore exportation of the gas. Like the import facility, we won't enter into a speculative capital investment there. If we go ahead with the liquefaction facility, it will be because it's tied to a firm supply for a long period of time and a firm customer on the other side for a long period of time. We plan on, if we do it, it’ll be acting like we do now as the middleman, in between the suppliers and the customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randolph Wrighton, Barrow, Hanley.
Randolph Wrighton: My question is on Cove Point as well. You answered part of it, Tom. I'm just curious, shortening the contract length from 18 years to 10 years, seems like a pretty substantial concession with nothing else in hand. Can you give, I guess, any additional insight on I guess the criteria you're looking at? And specifically, I mean, if you were to fund a multibillion-dollar project like this, how would it change anything the financing front?
Thomas Farrell: We're going to work with our partner at the Cove Point expansion in development of infrastructure out of the Marcellus region in other ways, in addition to a potential liquefaction facilities. About the period of time, the length of time -- we're talking about for 10 years is what we need, we believe, to make sure that this is going to pan out, if it is, and we will have the flexibility to do that. We're not far enough along on the financing issues, in the cost, and how it would be financed, and who would be partners to talk about potential financing that would come out of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The electric sales growth that you guys are planning, could you give us a little bit more flavor for that?
Thomas Farrell: Could you repeat that?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The electric sales growth that you guys see.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Paul. We look on that next year on a sales growth over weather normalized 10 of about 2.7%. Now it may sound like a large number, so I want to break it down for you. 2.7%, about half of that growth is for specific data centers and base consolidation that we know will come online next year. So the real sales growth for commercial and residential customers that we're looking at is about 1.3% year-over-year. If you like to think about the last two years for us, we've been fairly flat in growth. And so we think at 1.3%, that's a fairly modest number that growth would be this year versus last.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Worms, BMO.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you guys just kind of give us an idea of the timing of the Warren County plant, that construction?
Mark McGettrick: Warren County, as Tom mentioned, got its air permit in December of 2010. It's out for EPC bid, and we expect to get those bids in this quarter or early next quarter and evaluate those. The commercial operations date would be probably early '15, late '14 timeframe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the conclusion of our call. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark McGettrick: Yes. So thank you very much. I wanted to take this opportunity to let everybody know that a key member of our Investor Relations team is going to move on to a new and challenging job in the company running our business planning department. That would be Greg Snyder, who is the Director of Investor Relations for us. He’s been involved interfacing with everybody on this call and many others for the past seven years. He's done a fantastic job for us. And we really appreciate the contributions he's made. We wish him well in his new endeavors. He's actually just going down one floor. So we have a place to find him if we need help, but really appreciate everything he's done. And then finally, just to remind everybody, our first quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for April 28. We appreciate the time and attention today on this call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does concludes this morning's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines. And enjoy your day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President G. Scott Hetzer - Sr. VP, Treasurer of DRI and VP Thomas Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric Gregory Snyder -
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO, and other members of senior management. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Greg Snyder, Director of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor Statement.
Gregory Snyder: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our third quarter earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you've not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter 2010 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation on our website that will guide this morning's discussions. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on the call, we will discuss some measures of our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter operating earnings and our operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2010 and 2011, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO, Tom Farrell, and other members of our management team. On today's call, I will discuss the earnings results for the third quarter, our outlook for the fourth quarter, full year 2010 and full year 2011. Tom will briefly update you on regulatory proceedings and operational activities. We will then take your questions. Dominion had a very strong third quarter. Our operating earnings were $1.03 per share, which was near the top of our earnings guidance range of $0.99 to $1.04 per share. As we referenced on last quarter's call, our third quarter guidance already reflected the above-normal weather for July, but warmer-than-normal weather for August and September added $0.04 per share relative to our guidance range. The impact from weather was partially offset by major storm expense and reliability investments in Virginia. When comparing our results to the third quarter of 2009, our operating earnings were $0.04 per share higher. Higher revenues from rate adjustment clauses, favorable weather in our electric service territory and higher PJM ancillary service revenues were offset by reduced merchant generation margins, higher storm damage expenses and the absence of earnings from our Appalachian E&P business. GAAP earnings were $0.98 per share for the third quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings is an adjustment to the interim tax provisions in accordance with FIN 18. A summary and a reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, third quarter EBIT was $217 million, which was slightly below the $224 million to $244 million range included in our guidance. Favorable weather was offset by higher storm and restoration costs in our distribution operations. EBIT for Dominion Energy in the third quarter was $165 million, which was well above the third quarter guidance range. The strong results were primarily driven by lower fuel costs in the Gas Transmission business and better-than-expected supply aggregation activities at producer services. Third quarter EBIT from Dominion Generation was $826 million, which was in the upper half of the third quarter guidance range of $761 million to $850 million. Favorable weather and higher PJM ancillary services revenue helped offset lower merchant generation margins. Overall, we are very pleased with all of our operating segment results. We have prepared a number of supplemental schedules that can be found on our website following the conclusion of our earnings call. These supplemental schedules show EBIT for the legal entity, Virginia Power, which includes utility generation, electric transmission and distribution operations, as well as quarterly EBIT for our regulated gas businesses, merchant generation and Dominion Retail. Moving to cash flow and Treasury activities. At our May 7 Investor Meeting, we outlined our plans for the proceeds from the sale of our Appalachian E&P business, including approximately $900 million for share repurchases. We completed our share buyback for 2010 in August. And in total, approximately 21.4 million shares were repurchased at an average cost of $42.09 per share. Our cash position continues to be very strong this year. And as a result, we have almost no outstanding commercial paper, and our overall amount of floating rate debt remains well below our targeted levels. During the third quarter, we issued term debt of $300 million at Virginia Power at an attractive coupon rate of 3.45%. After taking into account the benefit of Treasury hedges put in place for our 2010 issuances, the effective rate on this issue is less than 3%. Also, we issued $250 million of parent company debt, due in 2015, for a coupon of 2.25%. The effective yield on this parent debt after incorporating the benefit of Treasury hedges is approximately 2.2%. I wanted to give you a brief update on our 2011 financing plans. We do not plan to issue new equity in 2011. We have said in the past that we could issue new shares to our Dividend Reinvestment Plan, which typically amounts to $250 million per year. As we have been finalizing our plans for 2011, we have decided not to issue new shares for our DRIP plan and will instead use market purchases. Liquidity was very strong at $4.4 billion on September 30. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 16 and 43 of the Earnings Release Kit. During the third quarter, we also replaced our expiring credit facilities with two new three-year credit facilities totaling $3.5 billion. We appreciate the support of our banking partners in securing this new capacity. Now the fourth quarter and full year 2010 guidance. Dominion expects fourth quarter 2010 operating earnings in a range of $0.59 to $0.69 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.63 per share in the fourth quarter of 2009. Positive factors for the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the prior year include a return-to-normal weather, higher rider revenues and lower planned nuclear outage expenses due to the absence of a refueling outage at Millstone. Factors offsetting these positives include lower merchant generation margins, higher fossil and hydro plant outage expenses, the absence of earnings from our E&P business and higher income taxes. Remember that in the fourth quarter of 2009, our effective income tax rate was approximately 22%, which was primarily driven by the manufacturing tax deduction. We were also making a number of investments to maintain and improve the reliability of our electric system, which resulted in higher operating expenses in the third quarter and will lead to higher expenses for the fourth quarter. Finally, we're advancing some work originally planned to be done during a 2011 outage at our Brayton Point Power Station, which will now be done in the fourth quarter of this year to improve the station's reliability. Moving to 2010 full year guidance. We are raising the bottom of our operating guidance range to $3.30 per share from $3.25 per share. We are leaving the top end of our range unchanged at $3.40 per share. The operating earnings forecast for 2011 remains unchanged at $3 to $3.30 per share. Please refer to our GAAP reconciliation schedules for corresponding GAAP estimates. As to hedges, we've added to our hedge position for Millstone, increasing hedge levels to 90% for 2011 and 30% for 2012. At our New England coal units, we increased our hedge position to 50% for 2011. We also increased our hedge position at Stateline to 73% for 2011 and 61% for 2012. Our sensitivity in 2011 to a $5 change in New England power prices is now approximately $0.025 per share. In addition, we have nearly reached our maximum hedge position for frac spreads for each year through 2013 at levels that support our growth projections. The update of our hedge positions can be found on Page 33 of our Earnings Release Kit. Please note that our power hedge prices for 2011 to 2012 in NEPOOL are fairly flat. This, coupled with current market prices in our regulated growth plan, support our 5% to 6% earnings growth beginning in 2012. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our operating and safety performance continued to be strong during the third quarter. We finished the quarter again as the top-rated company in the Southeast in employee safety performance. The fossil and hydro utility fleet achieved a year-to-date equivalent forced outage rate of 2.7% through September, which is its best on record. Our nuclear fleet achieved a third quarter capacity factor of 97%, excluding refueling outages. Our Kewaunee Nuclear power station in Wisconsin won the American Nuclear Society 2010 Utility Achievement Award for Outstanding Performance in Plant Operations. Kewaunee was recognized for demonstrating outstanding performance in operations as the top-performing plant and as the plant showing the most improved and sustainable performance in overall operations. We are pleased with our 2011 to 2015 regulated infrastructure growth plan we laid out in early September. Our five-year plan identifies over $2 billion in growth capital investments from across all of our regulated businesses. Our plan continues to develop on schedule and on budget. The Bear Garden combined cycle plant was 85% complete at the end of the third quarter. All major equipment is in place and construction continues per plan, with about 550 workers on site. Assembly of the gas turbine is complete with commissioning progressing to support a first fire later this year. The 580-megawatt combined cycle plant is scheduled for commercial operation in the spring of next year. Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 74% complete at the end of the third quarter. The 585-megawatt project is proceeding according to plan with over 2,000 workers on site. The steam turbine generator and the main transformer were delivered and placed under foundations, which represents the last of the major engineered equipment deliveries. The plant is scheduled for commercial operation in 2012. We have had no delays or cost overrun on either of these projects, which in total represent over $2.4 billion of capital investment. We continue to make significant progress on our Warren County project, a three-on-one combined cycle facility, with projected capacity of up to 1,300 megawatts. The local county has approved the revised conditional use permit. Dominion held its required air permit informational briefing in May, and the draft air permit was issued for public comment earlier this month. We expect the final air permit in December. We have completed the steam turbine and gas turbine selection process, as well as executed the natural gas transportation receive agreement to supply fuel to the power station. We plan to file for approval of this plant with the Virginia State Corporation Commission early next year. With respect to North Anna 3, we have concluded that the capital required for other new generation, pending environmental compliance and electric transmission upgrades, requires us to slow development of the third reactor at that facility. Dominion will continue to work toward obtaining a combined operating license for North Anna Unit 3 incorporating the US-APWR design by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. We and MHI will also continue our engineering and preliminary site development work. We intend to reassess the schedule for construction of the unit as we approach the issuance of the COL, which we expect to obtain in early 2013. We look forward to continuing work on this important project for Virginia. Our $10.2 billion five-year growth plan is unaffected by this decision. Our two major electric transmission projects are also on schedule to be fully in-service by next summer. Two phases of the 500kV Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun line are complete and in operation, while work continues on the remaining phase. Work on the 500kV Carson-to-Suffolk line is about 50% complete. Yesterday, we energized our Pleasant View-to-Hamilton 230kV line in Northern Virginia. The project was on time and on budget. Also, yesterday, PJM announced its intention to recommend to the PJM Board the reconductoring of our Mt. Storm-to-Doubs line as part of the 2010 Regional Transmission Expansion Plan. We anticipate formal PJM approval in December, in line with our expectations since we first announced this project at our May financial conference. Dominion Energy continues to take advantage of its strategic location in the Marcellus Shale region. For example, recently, DTI signed a new 15-year firm transportation agreement to move 100,000 dekatherms per day of Marcellus Shale volumes. This is our third Marcellus-related project announcement in as many months. The Marcellus 404 project also continues to move forward. We have been meeting with producers to gauge interest and have further investigated the front-end engineering and design. Our two major energy construction projects, Gathering Enhancement and the Cove Point Pier Expansion, remain on schedule and on budget. Now a few minutes on the progress in our regulatory proceedings. In September, parties to the base rate case in North Carolina filed a settlement agreement with the North Carolina Utilities Commission. The stipulating parties agreed that non-fuel based revenues will increase by $7.7 million, our first base rate increase in North Carolina since 1993. Also, a significantly greater percentage of future purchased power expenses will now be recovered through the fuel clause rather than base rates, reducing risk for the company. The settlement, if approved by the Commission, would resolve all outstanding issues in the current base and fuel cases in North Carolina. We expect the decision in that proceeding before the end of the year. It is worth noting that our customer rates in both Virginia and North Carolina are well below the averages for the region, as well as the nation as a whole. On June 30, we filed our annual update to the riders for the Virginia City and Bear Garden Power Stations. These filings cover the financing costs for both projects for 2011, as well as the operating and maintenance costs for Bear Garden once it goes into commercial operation in the spring of next year. If approved by the State Corporation Commission, the change in rates will be effective on April 1. I want to cover a few upcoming events for the fourth quarter. We expect to complete a 60-megawatt upgrade at our Surry Nuclear Power Station and to have a successful first firing at the Bear Garden Power Station. We expect a final air permit for our Warren County project in December. We also expect PJM approval of the Mt. Storm-Doubs line in December. On the regulatory front, we look forward to the North Carolina Commission's consideration of the settlement agreement. Finally, we will submit for approval, by our Board of Directors, our recommendation of a 60% to 65% target dividend payout ratio, including a 7.7% increase in the dividend rate for 2011 over 2010. Overall, we are pleased with results for the third quarter. Our infrastructure growth program continues to provide the foundation for sustained earnings growth in the future. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Can you discuss how much capital and kind of the timing around the Mt. Storm-Doubs?
Thomas Farrell: The Mt. Storm-Doubs line is included in the $10.2 billion program we've previously announced, and that will run around $350 million to $400 million.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: You can start that when sale is done, is that the constraint?
Thomas Farrell: We'll have to obviously get permission from -- first, it has to be included in the PJM plan, then we'll seek permission here in Virginia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: A couple of questions. First was on Page 12, Schedule 4, the reconciliation of Q3 '10 earnings to Q3 '09 earnings. When I back out the favorable impact of weather, it seems that earnings for the quarter are down $0.10 relative to last year. And it appears -- this is what I wanted to sort of get your view on. It appears that basically what we're seeing is good organic growth at the regulated operations offset to a considerable degree by the erosion of the generation gross margin. Kind of a pattern, I think, that we've seen over the last several quarters. I just wanted to get your view as to whether that's a fair characterization or not?
Mark McGettrick: Hugh, this is Mark. Just a couple of comments around that. One, as you look out quarter-to-quarter, make sure you take into consideration, too, that we had E&P earnings in the third quarter of last year, and we have no E&P earnings.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: That's the $0.03 of gas and oil disposed operations?
Mark McGettrick: That's correct. We also had an unusual storm restoration period in the third quarter of this year; we did not last year. So adjusting for those two. More specifically to your comment, we've said for some time that our regulated growth business has strong trajectory going forward and that we're bottoming out in terms of a decline in our merchant generation business from '10 to '11 into '12. So I think the way you look at it is correct, but we see the merchant generation business reaching a bottom. And based on current forwards, we should see some recovery going forward on the merchant business.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: And that bottom is a 2011 bottom in your view or...
Mark McGettrick: Could you repeat that?
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: In 2011, do you see it bottoming out or...
Mark McGettrick: I think we'd see it bottoming out in '11.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: And then the second question, I was just looking at Page 16, your consolidated statement of cash flows. Cash provided by operating activities is down by about $1.1 billion or slightly more than a third. I wonder if you could just shed some light on what are the big drivers of that drop?
Thomas Farrell: I'm going to let Scott Hetzer answer that.
G. Scott Hetzer: A few drivers. One, deferred fuel was a big source of cash in '09 and is not in '10. Also, we had a $259 million contribution to the pension plan in '10. We also had the impact of the rate settlement this year. But importantly, don't forget that we took in over $4 billion in proceeds from the sale of E&P and Peoples, which doesn't get picked up in the operating activities. Yet, you see the $2.5 billion reduction in cash flow from the gain on the sale of E&P. So the benefit of that is down in investing activities, the hurt up in operating activities. Overall, we're very pleased with cash flow, and cash position of the company remains very strong.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: And then this rate settlement number, that is the -- can you explain that?
G. Scott Hetzer: That's just the cash that's gone out as a result of the rate settlement earlier.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: These are the rate increases that you're booking to the revenue line of the income statement, but what you're not actually collecting from customers or...
G. Scott Hetzer: These were part of the refunds that we agreed upon.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: Refunds that you're giving, right, exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Question on terms of hedging of the coal generation fleet. At what point do you just have to basically say, "I'm not going to hedge," meaning kind of which year, based on the uncertainty around environmental regulations and whether -- which plants or which units are operating or not operating? Where do you have to kind of pull back and say, "I literally can't risk layering on hedges and then having to buy myself out of them"?
Mark McGettrick: Michael, this is Mark. We don't have a specific time frame where we say we're not going to do it or not. We're very focused on the power markets and what the impact of the new environmental rules may have, particularly CATR [Clean Air Transport Rule], in '11 and 12 as we look at those. And we're in the market every day for coal. So obviously, the dark spreads are compressed on coal units right now, and we're more cautiously hedging than we have in the past. But we don't have, really, a line at saying that, at this point or at this level, we stay away. We anticipate what our runtime capacity is going to be every day at each going forward, and if we see the spreads being attractive, we'll go ahead and hedge and continue to average in.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: By not hedging the New England coal for 2012 at all, are you basically making a price call, meaning that it's your point of view that, that market, that regional pricing levels are too low versus your fundamental view, versus your State Line coal hedging where you've hedged a decent amount at 2012?
Mark McGettrick: The markets are totally different, both the coal markets and the power markets. The spreads have been more attractive to us in the Midwest going out based on the price of PRB coal and the power prices. And in the Northeast, central App and Columbian coal, which is essentially what we burn there, they've been carrying a fairly high price. So we believe chances are better they will come down as opposed to go up. And so we think we'll take a more conservative and have taken a more conservative approach in NEPOOL versus what we do at State Line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Going back to kind of the dividend increase for next year, and I know you guys have been talking about this for awhile, but can you just help frame what you think the growth rate is going to be as you look out over the next couple of years? It seems like expectations are '12 is going to look relatively flat, up a little bit, but flat to '11. Are going to leave room that the payout ratio could go up so you could have a more meaningful dividend growth on a sustained basis and then kind of normalize back down into the midpoint of the payout ratio beyond '12? Or how are you guys presenting that to the board as you guys look for an increase?
Thomas Farrell: First off, I think one of the things you said was incorrect from our viewpoint. We believe that '12 will be 5% to 6% growth over '11. So when we had been talking about the dividend payout ratio recommendation -- let's go back in time a little bit. In 2007, when we announced the sale of the E&P business and our legislature re-regulated in Virginia, we thought we could sustain a 55% payout ratio. Under those circumstance, we would work our way to that by 2010, which we achieved this year. As we decided to sell the rest of our E&P business, reducing the commodity exposure by an additional 20%, and looking out with what our regulated growth plans were, the way the PJM markets were looking at -- the PJM was looking at the Virginia growth rate, et cetera, we believed that the appropriate target for our earnings mix was closer to 75% to 80% regulated. And that the peer group there was more of a 65% dividend payout ratio. So the target became, by '12, 65%. 2011, as we've said since May, and as Mark just reiterated, it's going to be -- we expect lower earnings next year than this year because of the decline in the merchant business margins. That's exacerbated by the five large outages we have in our merchant fleet in '11, three nuclear refueling outages. As you can see from our hedging program in New England, '12, it's flat to '11. So the decline in the merchant margins should -- well, it's going to be greatly reduced, if not eliminated, in '12. And the underlying 7% to 8% growth in the regulated businesses will no longer be dampened by the decline in the merchant margins. Looking at all of those pieces combined and along with our decision to slow down the development in North Anna, allows us to pay a 65% dividend payout. We're looking through '11 because we know the plans are there. And so '11 should be about a 62.5% payout over the midpoint of this $3, $3.30 range, which will allow continued growth in the dividend payout in '12. And then we expect 5% and 6% growth ongoing, '13 through '15, based on the $10.2 billion worth of growth capital that we've explained starting earlier this call.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Are you seeing any kind of volumes coming through Cove Point at this point in time? And just remind us on the confidence that nobody goes back and reconsiders those contracts, given how low U.S. gas prices are?
Thomas Farrell: We don't ever discuss, really, the volumes through Cove Point. That's our customers' business. And we have contracts. We expect them to be adhered, too. But we have customers, we listen to our customers. But we don't really discuss the volumes through Cove Point.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG: Clearly the elections will reconfigure Washington to some varying degree for next year. But are you hearing any talk or what talk are you hearing from your people as far as looking to address both the dividend policy for next year, as well as anything as far as trying to preempt EPA action?
Thomas Farrell: Well, I'm not sure I have any better information than anybody else on that. But I think most people believe that President Obama's recommendation on the dividend taxation policy will be adopted, whether it's done in the lame duck session or early next year. As far as what goes on with the EPA, just I don't really have a comment on that at this point. EEI has been working very hard on that. We'll be talking about that at the financial conference next week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. Just a reminder that Our Form 10-Q is expected to be filed with the SEC later today, and our year end 2010 quarterly earnings release is scheduled for January 28. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McGettrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas Farrell - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Virginia Electric & Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy and Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric Gregory Snyder -  Paul Koonce - Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Greg Snyder, Director of Investor Relations, for Safe Harbor treatment.
Gregory Snyder: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our second quarter earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification on these schedules.  If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter 2010 earning documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we have included a slide presentation that will guide this morning's discussions that can be accessed through our website. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, estimates and expectations. Also, on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter and full year 2010 and 2011 operating earnings guidance, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO, Tom Farrell, and the other members of our management team.  On today's call, I will discuss the earnings results for the second quarter, our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2010 and our financing plans for the remainder of the year. Tom will briefly update you on regulatory proceedings and other operational activities. We will then take your questions. Dominion had a very strong second quarter. Our operating earnings were $0.72 per share, which was above the top of our guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Warmer-than-normal weather was the principal positive factor relative to our guidance, adding $0.06 per share. Another factor relative to guidance was lower interest expense. I'll discuss our financing plans in a minute, but because we anticipate not needing all of the long-term debt we have previously planned to issue, the interest rate hedges related to some of those planned issues were closed this quarter. The associated impact had the effect of lowering our interest expense for the quarter which, increased our operating earnings by $0.03 per share. Excluding these two items, operating earnings for the quarter were still about $0.63 per share at the upper end of our guidance range. Lower interest costs and lower operation and maintenance expenses, which are two principal drivers of our 2010 earnings, came in even better than expected. When comparing our results to the second quarter of 2009, our operating earnings were $0.04 per share higher than last year. Higher revenues from rate adjustment clauses, favorable weather, lower interest expense and lower outage costs offset reduced merchant generation margins, the absence of earnings from our Appalachian E&P business and a lower contribution from Producer Services. GAAP earnings were $2.98 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings was a $1.4 billion after-tax gain on the sale of our Appalachian E&P operations. We also took a $95 million charge after-tax to impair our State Line power station, triggered by the EPA's new one-hour SO2 rule that was finalized during the quarter. A summary and reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit. Now moving to the results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, second quarter EBIT were $219 million, well above the $188 million $208 million range included in our guidance. Favorable weather was the principal factor behind the improvement. EBIT for Dominion Energy in the second quarter was $164 million, which was at the midpoint of our guidance range. Higher revenues from our Transmission and Distribution businesses were offset by lower contribution from Producer Services. Second quarter EBIT from Dominion Generation was $483 million, which was well above the second quarter guidance range of $390 million to $435 million. Favorable weather and lower interest expenses in O&M help offset lower merchant generation margins. We are very pleased with these operating segment results. In addition to our traditional presentation of operating results from our three business units, we have prepared a number of supplemental schedules in the alternative breakdown structure format that can be found on our website, following the conclusion of our earnings call. These supplemental schedules show quarterly EBIT for the legal entity Virginia Power, which includes Utility Generation, Electric Transmission and Distribution operations, as well as quarterly EBIT for our Regulated Gas businesses, Merchant Generation and Dominion Retail. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. We closed the sale of our Appalachian E&P business to CONSOL Energy on April 30. Net proceeds of $2.2 billion are being used, among other things, to offset our equity financing needs, reduce debt and repurchase shares. At our May 7 Investor and Analyst Meeting, we outlined our specific plans for the proceeds, including $910 million for share repurchases. As of that date, we had purchased 12.2 million shares at a cost of approximately $500 million. We have not repurchased any shares since May 7. However, we intend to be in the market periodically through the remainder of the year to complete our share repurchase program. Our cash flow has been very strong this year, and as a result, we have almost no outstanding commercial paper and overall amount of floating rate debt is well below our target levels. Because of this, we have modified our financing plans for the remainder of the year, and we will not be moving forward with the number of previously planned debt issues and will increase our use of short-term debt. We now intend to issue term debt of approximately $300 million at Virginia Power and $500 million at the parent company later this year. Liquidity was very strong at $5 billion on June 30.  For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see Pages 16 and 43 of the earnings release kit.  Also, we are in the midst of replacing our existing credit facilities with two facilities totaling $3.5 billion. We're in the process of receiving commitments to support our credit needs and expect to close the facilities by the end of the third quarter. Bank interest in these two facilities has been very strong. Now to third quarter and full year 2010 guidance. Dominion expects third quarter 2010 operating earnings in a range of $0.99 to $1.04 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.99 per share in the third quarter of 2009. Positive factors for the third quarter of 2010 compared to the prior year include higher rider revenues and normal weather for the rest of the quarter.  Recall that weather in the third quarter of 2009 included the mildest July on record, impacting earnings by about $0.05 per share. Up to now, weather for July has been above normal. Factors offsetting these positives include lower merchant generation margins and the absence of earnings from our E&P business. We are increasing our 2010 operating earnings guidance range to $3.25 to $3.40 per share from $3.20 to $3.40 per share. This change reflects the strong results for the first half of the year, the warm weather in July and assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Our guidance for 2011 remains $3.10 to $3.40 per share. GAAP earnings for the full year of 2010 are currently estimated to be about $900 million higher than our projected operating earnings, reflecting the net benefit of recent divestitures and charges related to the workforce reduction plan, the impairment of our State Line plant and the elimination of certain tax deductions associated with the new health care law. As to hedging, we've added to our hedge positions for Millstone, increasing coverage of expected output to 50% for 2011 and 20% for 2012. We also increased our hedge position at State Line to 60% for 2011. Our sensitivity in 2011 to a $5 change in New England Power prices is currently about $0.07 per share. The update of our hedge positions can be found on Page 33 of our earnings release kit. Before turning the call over to Tom Farrell, I want to discuss the impact of the recently enacted financial reform legislation on Dominion. The legislation itself was over 2,300 pages long, calls for several hundred new rule-making actions on the part of various federal agencies. The largest potential impact to Dominion would be related to the use of derivatives to hedge our purchase and sale of various energy-related commodities.  It is our understanding that as an end user, we would not be classified as a swap dealer and would not be required to clear all of our transactions through an exchange and be subject to increased requirements for collateral. The House incentive leaders behind the legislation have made their intentions clear to supplemental correspondents. They do not intend for end users, such as Dominion, to be subject to these additional requirements. We are actively monitoring the implementation of the new legislation and will provide any updates of changes to our assessment.  I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our operating and safety performance continue to be excellent during the second quarter. Dominion now ranks number one in total safety performance among the 18 companies in the Southeastern Electric Exchange. This is an improvement from our low second quartile performance just three years ago.  Our nuclear fleet achieved the capacity factor of 97%, excluding refueling outages, and our regulated fossil and hydro utility fleet had a peak season equivalent availability rate of 96%. We also continue to improve the reliability of our electric transmission and distribution systems.  Our Pipeline business was ranked number one in customer value and customer satisfaction among its pipeline peers in the Northeast in a recent customer survey. We continue to make good progress on our regulated growth projects. During the second quarter, we completed a 75-megawatt uprate at our North Anna Nuclear Power Station. At the end of the second quarter, the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 66% complete. The project is proceeding according to plan, with approximately 1,800 workers on site. Earlier this month, the 400-ton electric generator stator was delivered to the construction site, marking a major milestone in the construction of the 585-megawatt power station, which is scheduled for commercial operation in 2012. The Bear Garden combined-cycle plant was 70% complete at the end of the second quarter. Construction continues per plant with about 650 workers on site. All major equipment has been delivered. Assembly of the gas and steam turbines and installation of the piping and electrical systems continues on schedule. Transmission line is complete and the switchyard work is in progress. The 580-megawatt combined-cycle plant is scheduled for commercial operation in mid-2011. Next major addition to our Virginia Power generating fleet is expected to be the Warren County project, a three-on-one combined-cycle facility with a projected capacity in excess of 1,000 megawatts to be located in Northern Virginia. Dominion held its required air permit informational briefing on May 11, with the objective of obtaining the air permit by the end of the year.  Proposals for the combustion turbines and the steam turbine were received last month. Last week, we received zoning approval from the County Board of Supervisors. We expect to file for approval of this plant with the Virginia State Corporation Commission early next year.  With respect to North Anna, last month,, we submitted an amended combined operating license incorporating the Advanced Pressurized Water Reactor design for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries as the selected technology. Later this fall, the NRC is expected to post its new schedule for our amended COL, which we now expect to be issued in 2013.  As we discussed at our May 7 Analyst Meeting, Dominion's options for the project include constructing it now with a partner or constructing it at a later date, either by ourselves or with a partner. We are continuing work with Mitsubishi on licensing and project development as we pursue potential partners. Our two major electric transmission projects are also on schedule to be fully in service in 2011. Two phases of the 500 kV Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun line are complete and in operation, while work on the final phase is well underway. Work on the 500 kV Carson-to-Suffolk line is also about 30% complete. Several other transmission projects are in various stages of completion. We also have a healthy backlog of transmission projects and anticipate investing over $500 million per year for the foreseeable future. Dominion Energy also made considerable progress in its infrastructure growth program. Dominion's Natural Gas Pipeline and Storage business has a significant list of projects intended to relieve existing congestion within its market area, as well as facilitating the development of the Marcellus Shale formation. For example, on May 20, Dominion Transmission signed a binding precedent agreement with CONSOL Energy to provide 200,000 decatherms per day of firm transportation service for Marcellus Shale volumes to the market hub at Leidy, Pennsylvania. This is referred to by us as the Marcellus Northeast Project and is expected to be in service by November 2012. We had also recently signed an agreement to provide 150,000 decatherms per day to move Marcellus Shale volumes to Craigs, New York. This project, too, is expected to be in service by November 2012.  On June 1, we filed the Appalachian Gateway Project with FERC, with it's approval expected by spring of next year. This project provides nearly 500,000 decatherms per day of firm transportation to the Oakford marketing hub beginning in 2012. The related Gathering Enhancement Project, which does not require FERC approval, increases gathering and processing capacity for producers within the region. It will phase into service during 2011 and 2012. On April 19, Dominion announced an open season for Marcellus 404, a project designed to provide firm transportation, as well as gathering and processing services for up to 300 million cubic feet per day of high-BTU Marcellus natural gas production in portions of West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio. Fractionation capacity for up to an additional 32,000 barrels per day of natural gas liquids is projected to be added as well. We are excited about the numerous growth opportunities available to our regulated businesses. These opportunities extend well beyond the projects I have covered this morning. Later this year, we will provide more details about our infrastructure growth plans for the next five years. Now a few minutes on the progress in our regulatory proceedings and other matters. With respect to EPA's proposed Transport Rule, we are evaluating its potential impact on both our Virginia Power and merchant fleets. It is the complex rule that is likely to be modified as it goes through the process. As Mark noted, however, our decision to take a charge at State Line in the second quarter was not related to this proposed rule making but rather primarily to the one-hour SO2 rule, which will likely require significant environmental expense at that plant in the future. We expect to give you more complete evaluation as the Transport Rule making progresses. During the first quarter, we filed for a $46 million increase in base rate and fuel revenues for our North Carolina service territory. We expect the decision in that proceeding before the end of the year.  Last week, we received an order from the Virginia State Corporation Commission approving our request to invest $500 million of equity into Virginia Power. The equity injection is intended to offset the impact of the charges related to the settlement agreement in the company's base rate case and will restore the Virginia Power's equity ratio to about 53%.  On June 30, we filed our annual update to the riders for Virginia City and Bear Garden Power Stations. These filings cover the financing cost for both projects for 2011, as well as the operating costs for Bear Garden, which is expected to be in service by summer of next year. The change in rates would be effective on April 1, 2011.  Overall, we are quite pleased with the results for the second quarter. Despite lower commodity prices, we achieved operating earnings well above our guidance range and near the top of the range when weather normalized. Our infrastructure growth program continues to provide the foundation for sustained earnings growth in the future. Thank you, and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathan Arnold, Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: My question relates just to the 2011 guidance and what you had said at the Analyst Meeting, I believe, was that the low end of the range would be more or less consistent with mid-$5 gas and with gas having kind of being around $5.20 in 2011. Are there offsets to that pressure? And I think you can update around that, I think at the Analyst Meeting, you'd said that there might be other levels that will get pulled.
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, yes, the gas, as you mentioned, is running in the $5.20, $5.25 range. That's slightly below what we said you should assume for that one-item gas price that will take us toward the bottom of our range. But as you can see this year already, we have a lot of other items that we've got a lot of excess with. And I think we will next year, whether it'd be O&M expenses, interest expense or other areas that will be able to offset the gas price at this level and maintain the range that we have out there for 2011.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: So we should kind of take that as a -- you could wear a slightly lower gas prices and still be at that low end of the range?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon, Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: I don't have an earnings-related question as much as I have a strategic question. As I look at how you guys have evolved the company in terms of your strategic focus and the amount of capital and the amount of potentially high-return projects that you have in the regulated asset portfolio, which is your core competency, are there circumstances under which you would continue to divest asset portfolios that are highly commodity cyclical, like the Northeast asset portfolio?
Thomas Farrell: We looked at all of our assets on a continuous basis. We have return on invested capital hurdles that we expect our assets to perform to. And as you've seen in the past, if they're not performing at levels we expect and we don't see a way to get them to perform at levels that we desire in a reasonable period of time, then we'll either divest them or in some case, we may choose to shut it down. We've talked, for example, about the possibility with Salem Harbor of shutting down an individual unit within the Salem Harbor Station. We continue to look at all that, and we will continue to do so. We don't have any plan at the moment to do some strategic sale of any of our assets.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: I guess I asked the question because I see a lot of high-return projects and a lot of capital spending in your regulated businesses and you infer from your comments earlier that you intend to give us some more visibility on the length of that opportunity, which I would infer, it is substantial. You've done some very good things to fund the financing needs for that over the intermediate term, in terms of selling your shale position for instance. And you've positioned the company extremely well. But I just wonder whether having a merchant portfolio that's subscale, when you have all these other opportunities and needs for funding, makes sense in the long run.
Thomas Farrell: Well, that's certainly a legitimate question, Greg, and we will continue to monitor. You're quite right. I would remind all of us here. If you recall our May 7 presentation and when you look at where our capital spending has flowed in the quarter and will continue to flow out in the foreseeable future, it's almost entirely going into regulated projects. So we will continue to increase our regulated content. There's two ways to increase our regulated content: grow your regulated content and shrink your commodity census content. We have done both over the course of the last few years by disposing of our E&P business. The shale sale, as you mentioned, reduced our commodity exposure by an additional 20% this year. So we focused on both, but our concentration at the moment is on continuing to expand the regulated projects through building out organically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates. [Operator Instructions]
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I want to sort of just -- and I'm sorry if I missed it, but the State Line impairment, could you go over that a little bit as to what exactly happened there and what the book value now of the plant is?
Mark McGettrick: Paul, EPA came out with a new one-hour SO2 rule, where they used to have a 24-hour SO2 rule and they tightened that down considerably. And the states have to have compliance plans from 2014 to 2017, I think is the flexibility that they have. Based on that rule, it's apparent that State Line would need significant capital improvements on the environmental side to meet those requirements in the future. And we're not going to make a significant capital investment in State Line. So we will run that facility as long as we possibly can and comply with all the rules as long as we can, but we're not going to make a capital infusion there. So we took an impairment on that plant, and the resulting book value right now is between $60 million and $70 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what's the expected life now of the plant with this new rule?
Mark McGettrick: Well, we haven't set an expected life. But again, I referenced that the states have a three-year window that they have to come up with implementation plans, and so we'll see how long that will be. But again, I think the key takeaway here for us today and for everyone listening is that it will require significant CapEx at this plant and that we are not going to invest that in the future.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Is there any decrease in depreciation as a result of this impairment charge?
Mark McGettrick: There wouldn't be a decrease in depreciation because we have shortened the depreciation period. But in terms of earnings, you should assume that we're earnings neutral to it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then on the stock buyback, you guys mentioned that since May 7, you haven't bought back any, if I understood you correctly, right?
Mark McGettrick: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And I guess what I'm sort of wondering is, how should we think about why you guys -- and because it would have that decrease, I mean there have been -- first, we don't know exactly when and what price you bought it back at. But how should we think about the philosophy of the repurchase? Because I sort of understood that you guys were thinking of buying it back pretty much throughout the balance of the year, and I'm just sort of wondering why you guys are kept out of the market.
Mark McGettrick: That's a very good question, and let me give you kind of a little background on it. We talked about May 7 that we have bought back 12 million shares for about $500 million, and that leaves us with a 10 million or 11 million shares left to buy back. We have bought those shares back in a very tight window of about 40 to 45 days. So there was a pressure on that stock from a buying standpoint based on us being in the market. We wanted to stay out of the market for about 30 days or so, let the stock stabilize, trade on its own, and we anticipated getting back into the market in June of this year to continue our stock buyback on a periodic basis. However, it was very apparent to us and early June, that we were going to have a significantly better quarter than what we had previously disclosed in our guidance range. We did not think it would be prudent to buy back stock, knowing that information and that information not being public, so we elected not to buy back any stock until we disclose what our actual earnings were for the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: As you look at the spectrum of projects you have in the Marcellus, I mean there are some that are FERC regulated, others that are not. What do you think the range of potential ROEs on those projects can be?
Thomas Farrell: Well, they tend to be in the mid-teens as they are developed, and they're fairly similar. I mean the gathering ones that are not FERC regulated, we can get done faster, obviously, because you don't have the regulatory process to go through. But whereas we have to be just as careful with environmental and construction operation, obviously, as you do with the larger pipelines. But that's the target that we see, sort of mid-teens.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just any update on your proposed alternative to PATH and kind of how that could unfold over the coming months.
Thomas Farrell: I'll give you just a quick sentence on it, and I'll let Paul Koonce talk about more of the detail. We filed PATH with PJM, and it will go through its process, and I expect we'll hear more about what its potential is in the fall. But Paul, go ahead.
Paul Koonce: Yes. Just where this stands, all the information has been provided to PJM as part of its RTEP process. We have a TEAC meeting in August. We have provided construction plans because if you're going to take the line out of service, there needs to be a lot of planning around when that happens. So we'll provide all that information. There'll be a TEAC meeting in August, where we'll review some of that information. And then ultimately, we expect that PJM will issue its RTEP plan that will address all of these issues in the September time frame.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So we should have a final answer by September?
Paul Koonce: Yes, we've said now what the build-out plan looks like in the September time frame.
Operator: Our last question comes from Hugh Wynne, Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: I just wanted to ask a few questions on the outlook for the merchant generation margin in part, given your disclosures around State Line. So I noticed that merchant generation margin in the second quarter was about $0.16 short of what you had earned in the similar quarter last year. And that's down from the first quarter, when I think merchant generation margin had been down by about $0.12 compared to last year. Looking forward, it appears that the State Line plant will be taken out of service because you're not going to scrub it. My question is, is the trajectory of merchant generation earnings playing out this year and next year broadly as you had expected? Or have things deteriorated, possibly in light of these new environmental regulations so that the expectations have declined?
Mark McGettrick: This is Mark. Expectations have been pretty much in line with what we thought. Again, if you reference the State Line, that is not a near-term issue. That's a long-term issue. State Line will be running for a long time to come. And if you look at this year and next year in terms of any environmental rules versus what our expectations were on merchant contributions, they haven't changed at all. I'd reference you back to our May 7 presentation for, this year, where we talked about what we expected in terms of merchant margins versus '09 for the rest of the year, which said that our merchant margins would be impacted by about $0.14 to $0.18 per share year-over-year for the second half. And that's right in line with what we think they're going to be. So we're comfortable with what we have out there for '10 and '11 on merchant, and the environmental, we see as a much longer-term issue. And again, the only one that has clarity near term based on an environmental rule is Salem, but that clarity is only that they're not going to invest any capital in it. And the question's going to be just how long would we run it. We're going to run it as long as we can.
Hugh Wynne - Bernstein Research: So '10, '11 were basically hitting the expectations for merchant generation margin. Salem and State Line, we can probably expect would be retired after that. But are we looking then at the '12, '14 time frame, given the Transport Rule requirements?
Mark McGettrick: Well, I think Transport Rule is too early to speculate on to see where it's going to go. It's just we'll stay out for comment now, and we'll see what the final rules are there. But we've always been clear on Salem that we've tried to delist that unit in the capacity market. And I think you're very close to this subject, but there's competing forces here. And one is on the environmental side that are coming out with rules from EPA. The other is on the reliability side, which the ISOs and FERC have a keen interest in. And we have Salem caught in the middle of both of those. So our commitment is, on Salem, we'll run it as long as we can, on State Line as long as we can, provided we're in compliance. And we're going to let the ISOs and EPA organizations to side what your long-term life is based on their two interests.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thanks very much. Just to remind you that our Form 10-Q are expected to be filed with the SEC in the next few days, and our third quarter earnings release was scheduled for October 29. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Snyder - Director, IR Mark McGettrick - EVP and CFO Paul Koonce - CEO, Dominion Virginia Power Tom Farrell - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Paul Fremont - Jefferies Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital
Operator:
':  I would now like to turn the conference over to Greg Snyder, Director of Investor Relations, for a Safe Harbor treatment. 
Greg Snyder: 
':  Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our first quarter 2010 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. 
':  Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our first quarter 2010 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. 
': 
': 
':  I will now turn our call over to our CFO, Mark McGettrick. 
Mark McGettrick:  Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO, Tom Farrell and other members of our management team. As most of you know, we will be hosting a meeting for investors and analysts next Friday, May 7th in New York where we will lay out our financial and strategic plans. If you plan to attend, please go to our website and register. 
':  Our operating earnings for the first quarter of 2010 were $0.96 per share, which was above the midpoint of our guidance range. Earnings from our operating segments were solidly within our range and were also helped by lower interest expenses. When comparing these results to the first quarter of 2009, our operating earnings were $0.02 per share lower than last year. This change was driven by lower merchant generation margins, largely due to lower commodity prices.  GAAP earnings were $0.29 per share for the first quarter. The major differences between GAAP and operating earnings were charges related to our workforce reduction programs, a charge related to the new health care reform law and book loss on our sale of Peoples Gas.  A summary and reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit.  Now, moving to results by operating segment. At Dominion Virginia Power, first quarter operating earnings were flat compared to the first quarter of last year. Modestly favorable weather and higher revenues from rate riders were offset by storm restoration cost and slightly lower earnings from Dominion Retail. 
':  First quarter operating earnings at Dominion Generation were down relative to the first quarter of 2009. Modestly favorable weather and higher rider-related revenues were more than offset by lower margins from our merchant fleet due to commodity prices and an unplanned outage at Millstone in January.  In addition to our traditional presentation of operating results from our three business units, we have prepared a number of supplemental schedules in alternative format that can be found on our website following the conclusion of our earnings call. These supplemental schedules show quarterly EBIT for the legal entity Virginia Power, which includes utility generation, electric transmission and distribution operations, as well as quarterly EBIT for our regulated gas businesses, merchant generation and Dominion Retail. We hope this provides some of the supplemental information many of you have requested.  Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, on February 1 we closed the sale of Peoples Gas. Net proceeds of $542 million were used to pay down debt. Also, as most of you know, on March 15 we announced the sale of our Appalachian E&P operations to CONSOL for $3.475 billion. We expect to close this sale tomorrow.  We plan to use the net proceeds from the sale to offset the impact of the rate case settlement, offset our need to issue equity over the next two years, repurchase shares and fund a contribution to our employee pension plans. We will provide the details of our expected use of proceeds on May 7. 
':  Funds from operations were $878 million in the first quarter compared to $715 million in the first quarter of 2009. Because of the continued strong cash flow, we had no need for our previously planned debt issue. And interest rate hedge related to that planned issue was monetized, reducing total financing costs for the quarter.  Liquidity was also very strong at $4.4 billion on March 31. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 16 and 36 of the earnings release kit. Also, as we previously outlined, we will be replacing our credit facilities later this year and expect to operate with $3 million to $3.5 billion in credit support.  Now to second quarter and full year 2010 guidance. Dominion expects second quarter 2010 operating earnings in the range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.68 per share in the second quarter of 2009.  Positive factors for the second quarter of 2010 compared to the prior year include higher rider revenues, the benefit of recent staff reductions, other O&M expense reductions and a reduced share count. Factors offsetting these positives include lower merchant generation margins, a planned refueling outage at Millstone and the lack of earnings from our E&P business beginning on May 1.  The main driver to focus on when comparing the second quarter 2010 to the second quarter of 2009 is the seasonal refueling outage at Millstone. This single item is expected to reduce quarter-on-quarter operating earnings by approximately $0.09 per share. On a year-over-year basis, this is only a timing issue, since we will have no Millstone refueling outages this fall as we did in 2009.  GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2009 were $454 million or $0.76 per share. You should expect second quarter 2010 GAAP earnings to be significantly higher than last year due to the closing of our E&P sale.  We are affirming our 2010 operating earnings guidance of $3.20 to $3.40 per share today. Despite the decline in power prices over the past few months, we remain confident in our ability to deliver earnings within the range due to our merchant fleet being almost completely hedged as well as a number of other positive factors. These include a larger than expected number of employees electing to accept a Voluntary Separation Plan offer, additional O&M expense savings and lower financing costs due to strong cash flow. Again, please note that we have no Millstone refueling outage this fall. We plan to discuss the details supporting our 2010 and 2011 guidance and publish our earnings guidance kit on May 7.  One driver of our earnings guidance that we can update is our sensitivity to changes in commodity prices. As we mentioned on the last call, we have completed our hedging program for 2010, but continue to see some pressure from lower commodity prices and compressed [torch] spreads on our open positions.  Our sensitivity to a $5 change in New England power prices for the remainder of 2010 is less than $0.02 per share. We have added to our 2011 hedge positions for Millstone in our New England coal units increasing the coverage of expected output to 40% and 30% respectively. The update of our hedge positions can be found on page 33 of our earnings release kit. 
':  I will be providing the detailed financial outlook and our consolidated earnings drivers, including our O&M expense management, our CapEx plans and our financing plan. I will discuss the details behind our operating earnings guidance for 2010, our outlook for 2011 and expectations for normalized longer term growth.  Once again, I encourage you to go our website and register if you plan to attend. 
': 
Tom Farrell:  Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our operating and safety performance continued to be excellent during the first quarter. Our nuclear fleet achieved a capacity factor of 98% and our regulated fossil and Hydro utility fleet had an equivalent availability rate of 90%.  Our merchant fossil and hydro fleet achieved an equivalent availability of nearly 94%, its best first quarter since 2006. We also continued to improve the reliability of our Electric Transmission and Distribution Systems. We were recently ranked number one among our southeast peers in transmission system reliability. Our Pipeline business was ranked number one in customer value and customer satisfaction among its pipeline peers in the Northeast in a recent customer survey.  We continue to make good progress on our regulated growth projects. At the end of the first quarter, the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 61% complete and the Bear Garden Power Station was 57% complete. Both of these projects remain on schedule and on budget.  Our two major Electric Transmission projects are also on schedule to be fully in service in 2011. All of these major projects totaling over $3 billion in new investment are earning enhanced rates of return.  Dominion Energy placed its Rural Valley Gas Transmission Project into service on April 1. Construction of the Pier Expansion at Cove Point started on March 15. 
':  Now, a few minutes on the progress in our regulatory proceedings. On March 11, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the settlement agreement that had been breached by all parties in our base rate case. The authorized return on equity for base rates was set at 11.9%, creating an earnings band for the 2011 biannual review earnings test of 11.4% to 12.4%. The agreement also set the ROE at 12.3%, the rate riders for our Virginia City and Bear Garden generation projects.  The State Corporation Commission also issued a ruling on our Demand Side Management filing, approving five programs proposed by the company. Riders to recover the $28.1 million annual revenue requirement from the approved programs will be effective on May 1.  During the first quarter we also filed for a $46 million increase in base rate and fuel revenues for our North Carolina service territory. We expect a decision in that proceeding before the end of the year. 
':  Thank you. And we are now ready for your questions. 
Operator:  At this time, we will open the floor for questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I had a question regarding the two largest changes in earnings quarter-to-quarter, and I think those were the $0.12 earnings erosion in merchant generation margin and the $0.09 contribution to operating earnings at corporate and other. And my question was whether the scale of these changes is expected to be similar in future quarters or whether they are important one-off drivers that are affecting these items?
Mark McGettrick:
': That was the tax rate that showed up in corporate this quarter and you should assume about a 37% tax rate for the reminder of the year. The other item in corporate that we referenced was taking advantage of an interest rate hedge that we had on a debt issue that based on the cash flow that we currently have that we did not need to issue and we took that into income in the quarter. It is uncertain whether there will be additional hedges released to income in the remainder of the year and that will depend on what our cash position is as we move throughout the year. 
': 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein:  But what was the EPS contribution of taking that hedge into income in the quarter? 
Mark McGettrick: 
': 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. (Operator Instructions).  
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: 
': 
Mark McGettrick:  Yes, you should. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies:  And I guess my second question is with respect to the Marcellus announcements that you guys made have you indicated to what extent that investment is going to add to the existing processing capability of your midstream plants? 
Mark McGettrick:  No, we have not. That is an item that we will talk about on May 7 and how that impacts our going-forward plans. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital. 
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital:  The first question is about Dominion Retail. I see the volumes at least doubled year-over-year, and you mentioned that there was a lower earnings contribution from this business, which sounds a little bit strange, given the weak power prices and higher volumes. 
Tom Farrell: 
': 
Paul Koonce:  We did have a very good first quarter. We added about 245,000 net new customers and we do have a pickup in volumes year-over-year. Really offsetting the success somewhat was the gas book. In the markets where we provide gas, retail service, the weather and the economy reduced consumption, and we did experience some slightly lower per unit margins. So those two factors really led to the results in the first quarter. But as you know, gas will be much less as far as the book in the second and the third quarter. So, we actually expect to see the benefits of that electric book really to show through. 
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital:  And looking at the volumes at the electric business is there any target that you are trying to achieve? Are you growing this business even more or the current volume is pretty much where you want to stay? 
Paul Koonce: 
': 
': 
': 
Mark McGettrick: 
': 
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: 
': 
Tom Farrell: 
': 
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks? 
Mark McGettrick: 
': 
': 
': 
Operator: 
':

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Snyder -- Director, IR Mark McGettrick -- EVP and CFO Tom Farrell -- Chairman, President and CEO David Christian -- CEO, Dominion Generation Ashwini Sawhney -- VP and Controller
Analysts: Paul Fremont -- Jefferies Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO and other members of the senior management. Please be aware that your lines are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation we will open the floor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as per the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Greg Snyder, Director of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor statement.
Greg Snyder: Good morning. And welcome to Dominion’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During this call we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning’s earnings release and pages from our fourth quarter earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. If you have not done so I encourage you to visit our Web site, register for e-mail alerts and view our fourth quarter 2009 earnings documents. Our Web site address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit we also have included a slide presentation that will guide this morning’s discussion that can be accessed through our Web site. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call we will discuss some measures about our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our first quarter and full year 2010 operating earnings guidance as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn our call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO, Tom Farrell and other members of our management team. Tom will update you on regulatory proceedings and other operational and strategic issues following my overview of 2009 financial results and 2010 operating earnings guidance. We will then take your questions. Tom Farrell will identify the key elements of a proposed settlement agreement which we and others submitted to the State Corporation Commission to resolve Virginia Power's base rate case which is now underway. So let me begin by pointing out that the 2009 operating and GAAP earnings reflect reserves associated with the impacts outlined in that agreement. With that back drop let me discuss consolidated 2009 results. 2009 was a good year for Dominion. Operating earnings were $3.27 per share falling in the upper half of our annual guidance range and a 3.5% increase over 2008. These results were driven by good performance from our business units as well as lower financing costs and income taxes. Our operating earnings include a fourth quarter reserve of $50 million after tax or $0.08 per share related to the proposed rate settlement. I will cover these results in more detail in a moment. Also, late last year we announced a 4.6% increase in our dividend, from annual rate of $1.75 per share to $1.83 per share. The new rate is consistent with our targeted payout ratio of 55%. We produced operating earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009 of $0.63 per share. These operating earnings reflect the $0.08 per share reserve to offset the higher rates implemented September 1st. We were able to offset the impact with a proposed rate settlement as well as a year-end unplanned outage at Millstone Unit 3 and still deliver operating earnings in the upper half of our guidance range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Taxes were somewhat lower than our guidance. We anticipate a 36% effective tax rate as well as an estimated 30 million further reduction to our income taxes related to a manufacturing deduction. GAAP earnings were $0.28 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.46 per share for the full year of 2009. The largest differences between GAAP and operating earnings were the fourth quarter impact of the proposed settlement agreement and the Virginia rate proceedings and the first quarter impairment charge from a ceiling test on our oil and gas properties. A summary of other differences along with the reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on schedules II and III of the earnings release kit. Now, moving to operating results for our business units. Full-year 2009 EBIT for Dominion Virginia Power and Dominion generation was below our guidance range issued last January. Largely due to mild weather and the impact of the proposed settlement agreement, which calls for no increase in base rates. Dominion Virginia Power also experienced higher storm restoration costs and Dominion generation experienced lower realized power prices. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales for 2009 were down 1.1% from 2008, but for the fourth quarter were actually up 0.7%. The detailed sales figures are shown on Page #38 of the earnings release kit. Dominion Energy finished in the upper half of our 2009 EBIT guidance range. Higher than expected transportation as storage revenues as well as lower fuel costs were key contributors to the strong performance. Operating results for Dominion Energy also include Hope Gas which had previously been excluded from operating earnings. Its inclusion at less than a $0.01 per share impact. At a consolidated level interest expenses and our effective tax rate were lower than expected. Interest expenses were $118 million below the bottom of our guidance range due to strong internal cash flow, lower interest rates and the benefits of pre-issuance hedges. While our full year 2009 guidance issued last January assumed a 38% effective tax rate, our actual effective tax rate for the year was about 35%, slightly below the 36% for 2008. We believe a 36% to 37% tax rate is a reasonable going forward assumption for our consolidated results. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities. I'm pleased to report that we expect to close the sale of Peoples Gas shortly. As you know we canceled the sale of Hope Gas after the ruling by the West Virginia Public Service Commission. However, we still expect to receive proceeds of $780 million before adjustments for working capital, which is approximately 80% of the combined transaction. The after-tax proceeds from the sale of Peoples Gas will be used to pay down debt. The reduced proceeds will have no impact on our incremental needs for new common equity. Cash flow from operations was 3.8 billion in 2009 compared to 2.7 billion in 2008. Liquidity was very strong at 3.3 billion at year-end. For statements of cash flow and liquidity please see pages #14 and #39 of the earnings release kit. The Company’s equity needs in 2010 are relatively modest. As we have stated in the past the equity need for 2010 is approximately $400 million. Early indications from potential purchasers of our Marcellus acreage show a very strong interest in our properties. Since we expect to begin to monetize the Marcellus acreage this year we expect to reach sufficient after-tax proceeds to offset the need for all 400 million and plan to use market purchases to satisfy our dividend reinvestment in other automatic issuance plans. This improves our ability to achieve our 2010 operating earnings guidance as our original outlook did not include the Marcellus sale and assume the 400 million would be met with new shares. Our debt needs for the year to cover both maturities and new capital investment are fairly typical. Current plans call for 1.1 billion at Dominion and 850 million at Virginia Power. Recall that all of this planned issuance was hedged early last year when treasury rates were significantly lower than today. Based on our current value of the hedges we expect to achieve an effective rate which is approximately 80 basis points lower than current market rates. We expect our interest expense to be lower than previously thought in 2010, which also improves our ability to achieve our 2010 guidance. We are also planning to replace our credit facility some time in the second quarter or third quarter of this year. We have a 1.7 billion facility terminating in August, a 200 million bilateral facility terminating in December and our 2.9 billion core facility terminating in February of next year. For several reasons we will be able to operate with less liquidity than we have maintained in recent years. First, these facilities back up commercial paper and we intend to manage that program at a materially lower level than in the past. Second, over the last year, we have made significant progress in hedging our gas and electricity output and transactions that do not require margin support and therefore we need less liquidity to support our commodity hedges. Finally, while improving dramatically over the last two quarters we all know the bank capacity for traditional credit facilities has decreased and pricing has increased. We believe we can operate comfortably with credit facilities totaling $3 billion to $3.5 billion and believe our bank groups will be supportive. We have discussed our plans with the rating agencies and they are comfortable with our approach. Now to first quarter and full-year 2010 guidance. Dominion expects first quarter 2010 operating earnings in the range of $0.90 to $1 per share compared to operating earnings of $0.98 per share in the first quarter of 2009. Positive factors for the first quarter of 2010 compared to the prior year include higher, wider revenues and the impact of a full quarter’s benefit from the Cove Point expansion. Factors offsetting these positives include lower merchant generation margins, normal weather and the impact of an unplanned outage at Millstone Unit 3 in January. We are also affirming our 2010 operating earnings guidance of $3.20 to $3.40 per share. The major drivers include the proposed settlement agreement for the Virginia rate case, our current hedge positions, the lower financing costs and operating expenses. We will not provide additional detail supporting our 2010 guidance or the outlook for later years until we have received a final decision in the base rate proceeding in Virginia. That may not happen until March or April of this year. Assuming we receive a decision by that time, we will be in a position to provide more information at our analyst meeting which we intend to be scheduled for the morning of May 7, in New York. One of the drivers of our 2010 guidance that we can update is our sensitivity to changes in commodity prices. We have added to our 2010 hedge positions for Millstone and our New England coal units increasing the coverage of expected output to 90% and 85% respectively. We have now essentially completed our hedging for 2010 and have only minimal exposure to changes in commodity prices. Our sensitivity to $1 move from natural gas prices in 2010 is now less than $0.05 per share. We also raised our 2011 hedge position for Millstone to 31%. The update of our hedge positions can be found on Pages #32 to #34 of our earnings release kit. We intend to provide some supplemental disclosure of our operating results beginning with the release of first quarter 2010 earnings. The 10-K format is shown in the slide presentation. In addition to our disclosure by business unit we will show quarterly EBIT for the legal entity of Virginia Power, which includes generation, transmission and distribution, operations. We’ll also show quarterly EBIT for our regulated gas businesses, merchant generation, unregulated natural gas and Dominion Retail. We intend to discuss this in detail on our next earnings call and we hope this provide some of the information that many of you have requested. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you fore joining us. Our operational performance met or exceeded expectations at each business unit in 2009. Our nuclear fleet achieved a 93.1% capacity factor for the year, the highest combined level since 2005, the year that the last of our seven units was acquired. We also had several successful refueling outages in 2009. A station record of 27 days was set at Quani [ph] and a Dominion nuclear fleet record of just under 23 days was achieved at Surry Unit No. 1. Our fossil and hydro generation fleet operated well. With an overall equivalent forced outage rate of 3.52% and a record best ever of 3.31% for the Virginia Power fleet. The capacity factor at Fairless Power Station was 64.3% the highest in its six-year history. We continued to implement our company wide infrastructure growth program. Dominion Generation added 417 net megawatts of new capacity to its fleet last year. In our regulated operations the completion of Ladysmith 5 added 151 megawatts and numerous upgrades and other changes added another 116. In our merchant generation business the Fowler Ridge base one wind project added 150 megawatts of renewable capacity. At Dominion Virginia Power our efforts and investment to improve system reliability continued to produce positive results. Average minutes out excluding major storms for 2009 declined nearly 9% from the prior year. Dominion Virginia Power also added over 31,000 new connects. Although this was below the levels of the past few years, it was still a strong showing in a down economy. We exited 2009 with positive trends in both sales and customer growth. Operations at Dominion Energy’s pipeline and storage business were highlighted by the completion of the Cove Point Expansion Project and the USA Storage Project. We also began offering interim service at Dominion Hub I in November. Our smaller non-regulated businesses also performed well during the year. Dominion E&P drilled 307 wells in 2009 without a single dry hole including 22 vertical Marcellus wells. Dominion Retail added 184,000 net new customer accounts during 2009. It also had great success this quarter in the recently opened market in PPLs service area, acquiring an additional 185,000 new customers this month, which is almost 75% of all customers who have switched suppliers. As I have discussed in previous conference calls the Virginia economy has held up relatively well during the economic downturn. The national unemployment rate remained above 10%. But the rate in Virginia has remained well below the national levels at less than 7%. The unemployment rate in our service area is also below the average for the state. We are looking for a modestly improving economy in 2010. The strength of our service area supports our infrastructure growth program at Virginia Power. PJM confirmed our state economic strength in its recently published annual forecast of demand growth. The Dominion zone advanced from the second highest to the highest growth rate among all 19 zones within PJM, covering 13 states and the District of Columbia. PJM projected the ten-year summer peak load to grow at a 2.5 annual rate, up from 2.2% last year. That projection supports the need for over 5600 megawatts of additional generating capacity by 2020. PJM’s projection in 2007 identified only a need of 4,000 megawatts by 2017. We continue to progress on a regulated growth projects. At year-end the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 55% complete and Bear Garden Power Station was 48% complete. Both projects remain on schedule and on budget. Our two major transmission projects, the Meadowbrook-to-Loudoun and Carson-Suffolk line are also on schedule for 2011 in service date. All of these projects totaling over $3 billion in new investment qualify for enhanced rates of return. Our infrastructure growth program extends to our pipeline and storage business as well. In our market area the arrival of the Rockies Express and the potential development of the Marcellus Shale formation create a significant number of opportunities for new infrastructure investment projects. One of these is the Appalachian Gateway; the $635 million pipeline project will ensure market access for the participating Appalachian producers by firming up their transportation rights. We prefiled for FERC approval last fall and hope to obtain our certificate early next year. Also, the gathering enhancement project estimated at an additional $250 million which does not require permits will add critically necessary additional gathering and processing facilities. We expect construction to begin next year and have all of these facilities in service by the fall of 2012. Other projects we are evaluating include the 300,000 Dth/d from Marcellus Northeast pipeline where we conducted a favorable (inaudible) season in August. And the keystone connector, a potential joint venture with Transco which we transport Rockies and Marcellus Shale Gas across Pennsylvania to the East Coast markets. We discussed our plans to monetize our 450,000 plus acres in the Marcellus formation over the next two years on our last call. While we have nothing to announce today, as Mark said, the level of interest has been strong. We intend to use the net proceeds for many sale of Marcellus acreage to offset the need to issue new common stock. Now I want to update you on the progress in our regulatory proceedings. Hearings are underway in the proceeding to set base rates for Virginia Power under the state’s 2007 reregulation statute. On November 5th the company along with the Attorney General’s Office and Consumer Council and several large commercial and industrial customers submitted a proposed settlement agreement. The agreement provide for no change in base rates from their pre-September 2009 levels and a very significant credit to customers which will offset rate increases for 2010 from our growth projects. The return on equity would be set at 11.9% for base rates and 12.3% including the statutory generation premium of 100 basis points for the rate riders for the Virginia City and Bear Garden Generating Plants The Commission has agreed to consider the stipulation while it hears the rest of the evidence in the rate case. Assuming a full hearing of the evidence and a briefing process we would not expect the final decision from the Commission before March or April. Once we receive a final order, we will be in a position to provide further details on our guidance for operating earnings for 2010 and later years. As Mark mentioned we have tentatively scheduled an analyst meeting for the morning of May 7th in New York. We have also filed this quarter for an increase in base rates for our North Carolina service territory. We expect the decision in that proceeding before the end of the year. Overall, 2009 was a very good year for Dominion. We delivered higher operating earnings, increased our dividend, made substantial progress in our infrastructure growth program and added significantly to our renewable generation portfolio. We are nearly finished with the base rate case in Virginia. We are optimistic about 2010 and look forward to discussing with you in more detail in the near future. Thank you and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont -- Jefferies: Good morning. One quick point of clarification on the guidance. Does the 2010 guidance also incorporate the staff recommendation in the rate proceeding or would that fall outside?
Mark McGettrick: We’re not going to make any further comments about the rate case at this time, Paul. It will work its way through and we will evaluate it at the end.
Paul Fremont -- Jefferies: My other question has to do with the improvement in tax rate for the quarter at the generation subsidiary. What drove the lower tax rate in the fourth quarter in generation?
Mark McGettrick: Paul, in general, on taxes what we guided everybody to as we went into the fourth quarter is we thought we’d see a 36% tax rate and we also noted to everybody that on the manufacturing side, we also anticipate a $30 million incremental reduction in taxes in the quarter. In addition to that, our taxes did come in better. That would have given us about a 29% tax rate. We came in about 22%. It’s really driven by two main items. One is that the manufacturing deduction that we anticipate at $30 million came in at about $42 million and that there were some state allocation changes that benefited us to the tune of about $23 million. So it drove a lower fourth quarter number, but if you look at it year-over-year our tax rate consolidates about 35% this year and about 36% last year and we think 36% to 37% on a going forward basis is probably accurate.
Paul Fremont -- Jefferies: Is there anything that sort of spills over that causes you to think the tax rate is lower than your original guidance for next year of 38%?
Mark McGettrick: Again, I think what we said today is you should assume for 2010 a tax rate in the range of 36% to 37%.
Paul Fremont -- Jefferies: Thanks.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. What gives rise to the $0.09 negative variance associated with outages? Can you give us some color on that?
David Christian: This is David Christian. We had a higher than scheduled outage season for the fourth quarter and we got it at early on. In addition to that we had the unplanned outage at Millstone that was referred to earlier, 17 days, 9 hours and 24 minutes carried on over a little bit into 2010.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: That’s resolved?
David Christian: That’s resolved. Yes.
Mark McGettrick: One other item to add onto Dave’s comment is as we saw our way toward the end of 2009 we elected to move some outage work from the spring of 2010 into the fall of 2009 in generation. So that increased that O&M estimate by about $25 million than what we previously anticipated.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Second question, the reserve for the proposed settlement in Virginia in your slide is that 428 million on a pretax basis. In the cash flow statement I noticed a reserve for proposed rate settlement of 510 million. What’s the difference?
Mark McGettrick: I'll let, Ashwini, our Chief Accounting Officer answer that question.
Ashwini Sawhney: Hi, Hugh. The difference between the 428 and the 510 that’s reflected on the statement of cash flows is the reserve related to the interim rates that went into affect September 1st and that was about $82 million pretax.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then last question, could you remind me, this is money you’re going to have to give back to rate payers in 2010. Why are we excluding this from operating earnings?
Mark McGettrick: Hugh, the way we address is that any impact to 2009 calendar year we reflect it as an impact to operating earnings. The other potential reserves that were set up were outside of the calendar year for 2009. Earnings in 2008, some potential fuel or FTR expenses and we deem those consistent with past practices as non-operating.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we’ve reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. We’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Just a reminder, there are Forms 10-K are expected to be filed with the SEC at the end of February and our first quarter 2010 earnings release is scheduled tentatively for April 29. Thank you again.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Snyder – Director, IR Mark McGettrick – EVP and CFO Tom Farrell – Chairman, President and CEO Paul Koonce – CEO, Dominion Virginia Power
Analysts: Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Shah Preza [ph] – Citi Investment Research Mike Bolte – Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's third quarter earnings conference call. On the call today we have Tom Farrell, CEO; and other members of senior management. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the floor over to Greg Snyder, Director of Investor Relations for the Safe Harbor statements.
Greg Snyder: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's third quarter earnings conference call. During this conference call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our third quarter earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks we ask that you use the time to address the questions of a strategic nature or those related to fourth quarter 2009 guidance or our 2010 outlook. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alert and view our third quarter 2009 earnings document. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release kit, we also have added a slide presentation that will guide this morning's discussion that can be accessed through our website. And now, for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on the call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our fourth quarter and full-year 2009 operating earnings guidance and our outlook for 2010, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO Tom Farrell; and other members of our management team. Tom Farrell will update you on regulatory proceedings and other operational and strategic issues following my overview of third quarter financial results and fourth quarter operating earnings guidance. We will then be glad to take your questions. Dominion had a strong third quarter. Operating earnings were $0.99 per share, $0.06 above the upper end of our quarterly guidance range. These results were driven by good performance from our business units as well as the lower financing costs and income taxes. I will cover these results in more detail in a moment. When compared to the third quarter of 2008, our operating earnings were up $0.05 per share, despite one of the mildest Julys on record in terms of weather. You can find a complete reconciliation of operating earnings compared to quarterly guidance on pages 30 through 35 of the earnings release kit. GAAP earnings was $1 per share for the third quarter. The principal item excluded from operating earnings was a net gain on securities held in the nuclear decommissioning trust which offset an adjustment at our Peoples and Hope subsidiaries which as you recall are held for sale. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on schedules two and three of the earnings release kit. Now moving to third quarter operating results for our business units. Third quarter 2009 EBIT for Dominion Virginia Power exceeded the top of our guidance range. Retail kilowatt hour sales were down 3.5% from the third quarter of 2008, primarily driven by mild weather in July. We had accounted for this in our earnings guidance. Adjusted for weather, retail sales were off less than 1% and it should be noted that weather adjusted residential sales were up 1.5% from the same period last year. Although overall sales were slightly down, Dominion Virginia Power’s revenues were up because of higher electric transmission and military privatization revenues. Third quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy also exceeded the top of our guidance range. Higher than expected transportation and storage revenues as well as sales of other products and services at gas transmission were key contributors to the strong performance. Finally, at Dominion Generation, third quarter EBIT was in the upper half of our guidance range. The effect of mild weather in July and an unplanned outage at Millstone Unit Two had already been incorporated into our guidance. These results were consistent with our expectations. At consolidated level, interest expenses and our effective tax rate were lower than expected. Overall, we are very pleased with our operating results for the third quarter. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities, cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion in the third quarter and $3 billion for this first nine months of the year. Liquidity was very strong at $3.9 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 15 and 46 of the earnings release kit. During the quarter, we issued $500 million of debt at the parent company and swapped some additional fixed rate debt to floating. Improvements in the capital markets have reduced our financing cost compared to earlier expectations and should have a positive impact on operating earnings for the remainder of 2009 and 2010. We have budgeted another $300 million of debt at the parent company during the fourth quarter and we will continue to evaluate the need for this issue as the quarter develops. We entered into pre-issuance hedges early this year at attractive levels for an anticipated debt issuances for 2009 and 2010. These transactions have been very positive for us. Turning to equity, we have raised $437 million through the first three quarters. We anticipate raising another $63 million in the fourth quarter through our automatic plans. In 2010, we still expect to raise $250 million from the automatic issuance plans and only view about a $150 million from market issuances. Now to fourth quarter guidance and our outlook for 2009 and 2010. Dominion expects fourth quarter 2009 operating earnings in the range of $0.55 to $0.65 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.72 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008. A summary of the company’s fourth quarter 2009 guidance can be found on pages 36 through 38 of Dominion’s earnings release kit. With our strong results for the first three quarters and our forecast for the fourth quarter, we are able to affirm our 2009 operating earnings guidance of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. We are also affirming our $3.20 and $3.40 per share operating earnings outlook for 2010. We based our 2010 on a number of factors including a range of possible outcomes from the Virginia rate case; the current level of forward commodity prices, primarily in the second half of next year; and lower financing costs and operating expenses. We have also taken steps to further reduce our sensitivity to 2010 commodity prices since our July 31st call. We have added to our 2010 hedge positions from Millstone and natural gas production. We have opportunistically hedged monthly and quarterly volumes to take advantage of market movements at levels that support our outlook range. Our sensitivity to $1 move in natural gas prices in 2010 is now only about $0.09 per share. We were able to add to our 2011 hedge positions for Millstone as well. The update to our 2010 and 2011 hedge positions can be found on pages 39 to 41 of our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to report that safety performance improved in the third quarter in each of our business units. Our nuclear fleet continued its excellent operations in the third quarter with the net capacity factor of 97% excluding refueling outages. Equivalent availability at our large coal units was 94% for the quarter, the highest level since 2006. At Dominion Energy, the pipeline unit executed full contract extensions for firm transportation, and storage services were two of its three largest customers at tariff rates. At Virginia Power, we reduced our average minutes out excluding major storms to 108 minutes for the rolling 12 months ending September 2009. This is the lowest level since 2001. We continue to make progress on our infrastructure growth projects. At the end of the third quarter, the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center was 50% complete and the Bear Garden Power Station was 23% complete. Both projects remain on schedule and on budget. Our two main transmission projects, the Meadowbrook-to-Loudoun and Carson-to-Suffolk lines are also on schedule for 2011 in service state. All of these projects totaling over $3 billion in new investment qualify for enhanced rates of return. Dominion also announced that it had requested the pre-filing process for our proposed Appalachian Gateway project. The $635 million pipeline portion of the project will ensure market access for the participating Appalachian producers by firming up transportation rights. The gathering expansion estimated at $250 million will construct additional gathering and processing facilities as well. If approved, construction would begin next year and all of the facilities will be in service by the fall of 2012. Last year, we formed out about 115,000 acres of land in the Marcellus Shale formation to Antero at a price of over $3000 per acre with the retained 7.5% royalty interest. Dominion owns the right to an additional 450,000 acres of Marcellus formation acreage. There has been a resurgence of interest in the region as evidenced by several recent transactions at strong prices. We have had a lot of questions recently from analysts and investors about our plants for the Marcellus acreage. I want to reiterate that we have no plans to develop this asset ourselves and intend to monetize the acreage over the next two years depending on market conditions through an outright sale, form out or similar transaction. Proceeds from any transaction would be used to offset the need to issue new common stock. I want to give you a brief update on the state of the economy in our Virginia service territory. The national unemployment rate continues to rise reaching 9.8% in September. The rate in Virginia is declining; it peaked at 7.1% in June and has since declined to 6.7% in September. Unemployment for the portion of the states served by Dominion is even lower at around 6%. While Dominion has been affected by the economic downturn, its impact continues to be mitigated by our customer mix and the relative economic strength of our service territory. New connects for the first nine months of the year were over 23,500 which is on pace to exceed our 2009 forecast of about 30,000. A recent report by Forbes Magazine ranked Virginia as the number one state in the nation for doing business for the fourth consecutive year. We believe that as we exit the year, we will see increasing weather normalized sales and continued revenue growth at Virginia Power. Now, I want to update you on the progress and our regulatory proceedings. On September 15th, we posted our 2010 Annual Electric Transmission Rate with PJM. This FERC approved formula rate methodology is forward looking and has a true-up provision to ensure the full recovery of costs. It is filed each year to keep revenues and earnings on pace with what we expect to be substantial, additional investment in infrastructure that includes NERC-related compliance capital and O&M expense. This year’s filing include about $500 million in compliance-related CapEx for 2010, which will be reflected in rates beginning on January 1. About two-thirds of this CapEx qualifies for enhanced rate of return. Dominion Energy received FERC approval for its Hub I and Rural Valley construction projects as well as the peer reinforcement project at Cove Point. These three projects represent an investment opportunity of about $125 million. The regulatory proceedings in Virginia continued to move forward. We expect to receive testimony from the other parties in the case during this quarter. Hearings are scheduled for January, and if the case is fully litigated, we would expect an order from the Commission in March or April. Thank you. And we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Good morning. How are you?
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Had a quick question, did you indicate that Marcellus line position could eliminate the need for equity or offset the need for equity?
Tom Farrell: I say it would depend on how much was sold.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Remind us what your equity forecast was.
Mark McGettrick: Equity forecast for 2010 was $250 million through our automatic plans and about a $150 million at the market.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: And then, did you change your language around forward guidance? In that you had marked your open position to the current strip as opposed to a point of view number that you had on net gas.
Mark McGettrick: What I mentioned there Paul was – since we got a lot of questions about gas price views and the divergence around that, what I try to do is, we still give a sensitivity per $1 move of natural gas prices and that’s $0.09. But I referenced that at current market prices, we are still feel very comfortable with our range of $3.20 to $3.40 for 2010. So you will probably hear us referencing it to mark it in the future, so that gives you a current gauge as opposed to just a view.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Just to clarify, if you took your open book market to the current strip, you will be comfortable in your range?
Mark McGettrick: Yes sir.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. (Operator instructions).
Tom Farrell: Welcome back, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Thank you, guys. Good morning. I am – just was going to pickup on the same theme as Paul did. If I heard Mark correctly, you said Mark it was – that comment around current commodity prices, you said primarily in the second half. Can I – can we read that to mean that you have pretty much closed out your first half exposure and most of your unhedged position is in the second half of 2010?
Tom Farrell: Yes, Jonathan, we have talked on a – the last couple of calls, our intent was to focus on the first half, because longer term you have a greatest chance to reach the range that we have. So we have closed out most of our hedging position for the first half, and our open positions are focused in the third and fourth quarter.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. (Operator instructions).
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Paul
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just on that theme, what’s driving you guys to be more comfortable with the market price in terms of putting it into your – in terms of using that as opposed to what you were doing previously? Is it cost cutting that you guys are doing, is it a change in the marketplace itself? What is it that that makes you feel more comfortable about it?
Mark McGettrick: Well, we said Paul in the last call when we got a lot of questions on the view that if you thought our view was reasonable then you should probably be in the upper part of our range. If you took more of a market view or at that point the current price view, you’ll probably be closer to the bottom end of the range. So what we just tried to do today is to say we still believe it’s possible to get into the $6.75 to $7.25 range, but everyone that’s focused on market strips today, where you just reference where we would be on that market strip, and that would be we were comfortable that we are in our range for 2010.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with respect to Dominion Retail, it seems like you made $0.02 in the quarter for it. And I was just wondering with what you are seeing there out there, I know you guys are recently made initiative into PPL territory for 2010, what you see out there strategically in terms of what you guys might be able to accomplish in that? And incidentally was the $0.02 a cash item or was that a recognition of a contract – of the contract values on a marked-to-market basis?
Mark McGettrick: Paul, I am going to ask Paul Koonce to answer that in one second, but let me close out the gas issue. Just to make sure everyone is following the disclosure on the hedging, and note that we did make significant progress in our hedges for 2010, where we increased our Millstone hedges by 10% up to 70% for next year. And we increased our natural gas hedges by a little over 10%, almost 11%, and so we are 70% hedged. So based on historical levels, we are approaching very, very close year-end numbers as we have in terms of hedge levels over the last several years. And with that, I will turn it over to Paul to address Dominion Retail.
Paul Koonce: Sure. Thanks Mark. With respect to the $0.02 that’s cash, these are sales to household retail accounts and the accounting around that is very straightforward. In terms of the outlook with commodity prices declining over the past year, there have been opportunities to add customers through out Nepool, PJM, and Ercot, and we just very steadily added customers, and you are seeing that reflected in the earnings.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. So we should probably see that increasing I guess overtime.
Paul Koonce: I think we – it’s just a good steady organic growth as we see opportunities to add customers. And of course key to that is what is the utilities price to compare? And as we have opportunities to provide customers’ savings versus what they would buy from the incumbent utility, that creates an opportunity to add customers. But that’s the strategy.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. First question, can you guys just share your thoughts on the outcome from the Nepool capacity auction and any ramifications that can have on your generating fleet as far as maybe delisting some of the assets or reconfiguring where you sell them?
Mark McGettrick: The capacity auction, Dan, we have already said it’s going to clear to floor based on the demand side resource that are out there and also the drop-off in demand, so we see that situation at the floor. And of course, after this auction, the structure changes a little bit. But I think there is going to be little capacity built in the Northeast. And with the demand side there, if there’s not a strong rebound in terms of growth, then the auction is going to continue to clear at a very low level.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then looking out to 2010, can you just share your thoughts on O&M, cost expectations, inflation assumptions embedded in your numbers, you guys have done a pretty good job managing cost so far this year, is there a room to continue on that front?
Mark McGettrick: Dan, I think we would like to address the specifics for ‘10 after we get a rate order from the Virginia Commission, and then we can lay out exactly what we are looking at in terms of both financing cost, (inaudible) expenditures and we can get greater color around what the Virginia Commission is going to award in terms of the current case.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess Tom, big picture, when you think about the 2010, not specifics, but yet from a business driver perspective, obviously natural gas price is an issue, the rate case is an issue, are there any other major swing factors that you look that next year we should be thinking about?
Tom Farrell: No, I think you’ve summed those up. We – the construction projects – they’re like our transmission projects, the Bear Garden and the Virginia City under the Virginia legislation as we continue to build those, we continue to have those reflected in our rates as we build them. So that’s an important driver to continue to make progress on those. We’re obviously at quite pleased to be on budget and on schedule in both of – in all those projects, the electric transmission and the power generation. We have a number of projects at the pipeline that we mentioned. Our pipeline projects, there are some bigger ones like Appalachian Gateway and potentially downstream, the joint venture with Keystone with – excuse me with Williams for the Keystone pipeline, but we are sort of almost constantly building out adding compression, doing looping, adding $35 million here, $50 million there that don’t get to headlines that people pay attention to. But they continue to grow their rate base of that pipeline. It’s since Dominion acquired Consolidated Natural Gas, that system has more than doubled its rate base. And we continue along with those projects. So there’s lots of opportunities for us to continue to grow our infrastructure, carrying out the plan we announced three years ago which is to concentrate on building our regulated asset base organically, that’s why 90% of our growth capital is being going into regulated projects.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. See you guys next week.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shah Preza [ph] with Citi Investment Research.
Shah Preza – Citi Investment Research: Hi, three questions on your 2010 guidance. If gas comes in below $6.75, could we assume that it won’t hit the low end of your guidance range? Second question is what debt co recovery are you assuming in your guidance range? I know you guys are assuming a variety of outcomes, but does the top end of your range assume full recovery? And what kind of load assumptions as far as industrial load are you assuming for 2010, stabilization or some growth?
Mark McGettrick: Let me take the first and the third – it’s Mark McGettrick. First on the gas price, we have said a number of times that there are four key factors in our 2010 guidance, one is rate case assumptions, the second is our commodity prices, the third are O&M expenses, and the fourth are financing and taxes. And to look at it single one of those and make assumptions on a range for commodity or rate case assumptions, et cetera, would be a mistake. So to answer your question if we fall below $6.75, are we outside the range? The answer to that is no, that we have other leverage in the company that we can look at to try to offset that if it falls more than a $1 below. Tom will answer the second question.
Tom Farrell: Which is again – trying to understand, what are our assumptions for the outcome in the rate case which as we have said since we filed the rate case on March 31st, the case is sitting at the Commission, what we are asking for is public record. And what we are including in our guidance is a wide variety of potential outcomes. And it’s forecast by the way, not guidance for 2010.
Shah Preza – Citi Investment Research: Right.
Mark McGettrick: In terms of industrial sales, first off, we are very light on industrial sales anyway compared to almost all other utilities. Our industrial sales were down about 9% third quarter over third quarter. And our expectations for next year is that industrial sales will in an increase only modestly. But the main drivers for our sales in the state are residential and commercial, and we are already starting to see a stabilization and growth – and we expect growth coming out of the year for both those areas.
Shah Preza – Citi Investment Research: Okay, thanks for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from the Mike Bolte, Wells Fargo.
Mike Bolte – Wells Fargo: Hi guys.
Tom Farrell: Hi Mike.
Mike Bolte – Wells Fargo: On the Marcellus acreage, did I hear you guys say you have a 450,000 or any acres, because I was wondering I thought maybe previously it was a like a broader range. I was wondering if that’s like a refinement or I just heard it wrong or how to look at that?
Tom Farrell: No, we had said – I believe Mike that we had – we estimated between 400,000 to 500,000 acres remaining. What we have been doing over the last really I guess almost six months and is now complete is going through to make sure that we have been looking at every leads we have. So we haven’t bought this acreage. This is all acreage that’s under existing leases and we needed to make sure that we had drilled the wells to hold of lease, the validity of the lease, so that when we take Marcellus acreage to acre – acreage to market that the buyers can see that that acreage is actually secure. So, well, we have completed that work and it totals 450,000 acres.
Mike Bolte – Wells Fargo: Perfect. Thanks.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. We would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Just a reminder that our Form 10-Q are expected to be filed with the SEC early next week and our year-end 2009 release is scheduled for January 28th. Thanks again for joining us and we hope to see a number of you at EEI next week.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Snyder – Director, IR Mark McGettrick – CFO Tom Farrell – Chairman, President and CEO Gary Sypolt – CEO, Dominion Energy
Analysts: Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates Andrew Wessel [ph] -- Macquarie Capital Greg Gordon -- Morgan Stanley Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities Dan Eggers -- Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's second quarter earnings conference call. On the call today we have Tom Farrell, CEO; and other members of senior management.
Greg Snyder: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's second quarter earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our second quarter earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release are intended to answer the more detailed questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks we ask that you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to third quarter 2009 guidance or 2010 outlook. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our Web site, register for e-mail alert and view our second quarter 2009 earnings documents. Our Web site is www.dom.com/investors. In addition to the earnings release, we also have added a slide presentation that will guide this morning's discussion that can be accessed through our Web site. And now, for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include our third quarter and full year 2009 operating earnings guidance and our outlook for 2010, as well as operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mark McGettrick.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Greg, and good morning everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is our CEO Tom Farrell; and recently appointed heads of our principal business units, Dave Christian from Dominion Generation; Gary Sypolt from Dominion Energy; and Paul Koonce, who moved from Dominion Energy to lead Dominion Virginia Power. Tom Farrell will update you on regulatory proceedings and other operational and strategic issues following my overview of second quarter financial results, third quarter operating earnings guidance, and our revised outlook for 2010. We will then be happy to answer your questions. Dominion had a strong second quarter. Operating earnings were $0.68 per share, $0.02 above the upper end of our quarterly guidance range. We were also able to add to our 2010 hedge positions at levels that support our operating earnings outlook. In addition, we added to our 2011 Millstone and natural gas production hedge positions, which is consistent with our stated strategy of averaging in hedges for these assets over time. We have also completed nearly all of our 2009 financing needs with several successful transactions last quarter. You can find a complete reconciliation of operating earnings compared to quarterly guidance on pages 33 to 39 of the earnings release kit. GAAP earnings were $0.76 per share for the second quarter. The major difference between GAAP and operating earnings was related to a downward revision in our nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligation for Millstone Unit One. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of the earnings release kit. Now I'll review the second quarter operating results for our individual business units. The details of these results are also included in your earnings release kit. I'll begin with Dominion Virginia Power. Second quarter 2009 EBIT for Dominion Virginia Power was near the midpoint of our guidance range. Kilowatt hour sales were down 2% from the second quarter of 2008. While lower than last year, these results compare favorably with the Mid-Atlantic region, where power demand was down about 6% for the quarter, and the country as a whole, where demand was down about 5%. Offsetting the sales decline were higher electric rate rider and military privatization revenues. Although sales to industrial customers continue to be down compared to last year, weather adjusted sales to residential and commercial customers have held up well. Last quarter we told you that our earnings sensitivity was about $0.035 per share less than we originally forecasted for 2009 if the sales variance experienced in the first quarter were to carry through for the remainder of the year. Using that same logic to the second quarter, the sensitivity for the remainder of the year has declined to less than $0.02 per share. Second quarter EBIT for Dominion Energy was in the upper half of our guidance range. Higher than expected transportation and storage revenues as well as sales of other products and services at gas transmission were key contributors to the strong performance. Finally, at Dominion Generation, second quarter EBIT was also in the upper half of our guidance range. Strong performance was driven by lower than expected planned outage and O&M expenses in our regulated generation fleet and higher than expected margins in our merchant fleet. Overall, we are very pleased with our operating results for the second quarter. Now, moving to cash flow and treasury activities. Cash from operations was $425 million in the second quarter and $1.9 billion for the first six months of the year. Cash flow has exceeded our expectations and has had a positive impact on our financing needs. Some of the strength in cash flow is from sources that are temporary in nature, such as a recovery of a significant amount of our deferred fuel balance. Liquidity was also very strong at $3.8 billion. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 17 and 53 of our earnings release kit. We successfully completed the number of financing transactions during the quarter. We raised $685 million through an offering of hybrid securities targeted toward retail investors. The rating agencies impute an equity credit equivalent of at least 50% of the principal amount of these securities. We also raised $350 million through our Virginia Power ten-year senior notes offering. We were extremely pleased to see the extent to which credit spreads had improved, tightening from over 400 basis points at the height of the financial market crisis to just 138 basis points when we issued these notes. When you combine with the benefits of a pre-issuance hedge, our 5% coupon was reduced to an effective interest rate of 4.27% for this 10-year debt. We entered into pre-issuance hedges on treasury rates earlier this year at very attractive levels for the vast majority of our anticipated debt issuance for 2009 and 2010. Also, the percentage of debt tied to variable rates is much lower than our target because of our low levels of commercial paper outstanding. For that reason, we entered into fixed floating swaps on $500 million of our fixed rate debt to capitalize on the significant initial positive carry and take advantage of our view that short-term rates will remain at relatively low levels in the near term. Our equity needs are largely satisfied for the year and are very modest for 2010. We reported on our last call that we had raised $250 million of equity from external sources. The only equity left for the balance of the year is a modest amount from our dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plans. In 2010, we expect to raise $250 million from the automatic issuance plans and only need about $150 million from market issuances. For the balance of this year, our financing plans include $500 million to $800 million of debt at Dominion. If cash flow continues to remain strong, we expect to come in at the low end of that range. Now to the third quarter and our outlook for 2009 and 2010, Dominion expects third quarter 2009 operating earnings in the range of $0.88 to $0.93 per share, compared to operating earnings of $0.94 per share in the third quarter of 2008. Complete details of the company's third quarter 2009 guidance can be found on pages 40 to 46 of Dominion's earnings release kit. Favorable drivers in our forecast for the third quarter compared to the third quarter of 2008 include the impact of changes to base rates, revenues from the Cove Point expansion project, and a lower effective income tax rate. Unfavorable factors again relative to the third quarter of 2008 include the effects of mild weather in July, higher interest expense, and lower gas and oil production in the company's E&P operations resulting from the expiration of overriding royalty interest associated with former VPP agreements. While annual guidance is based on the assumption of normal weather, the weather in July was milder than normal in Virginia, as it was in much of the Eastern half of the country. We do not yet have the final sales figures for the month. However, we believe that assuming normal weather for the rest of the quarter, our results will fall within our guidance range. In addition, we experienced an unplanned outage at Millstone Unit Two in July. The unit had been running at 100% capacity factor for the year and even with this outage, our nuclear fleet should still meet its targeted availability for the year. The costs of this outage are also included in our third quarter guidance range. With our strong results for the first half of the year, and our forecast for the third quarter, we are able to affirm our 2009 operating earnings guidance of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. Let me turn to 2010. While it is certainly possible for us to earn within our original range, we think it is prudent at this time to update our operating earnings outlook for 2010 from a range of $3.33 to $3.50 per share to a range of $3.20 to $3.40 per share. While the economy is showing signs of stabilizing, the timing and strength of economic recovery along with its impact on commodity prices and financing costs remains uncertain at this time. Tom Farrell will discuss in more detail our pending request for higher base rates for Virginia Power. We have updated our filing to comply with two recent commission rulings and a number of other issues. Our updated outlook for 2010 incorporates a range of potential outcomes from these factors as well as our ability to manage operating expenses. Many of the questions we get about our operating earnings outlook relate to hedging and commodity prices. Our 2010 outlook still incorporates a range of natural gas prices of $6.75 to $7.25 per million BTU. Since our last earnings call on April 30th, we have taken steps to reduce our sensitivity to 2010 commodity prices. We have been able to transact at levels that support our outlook even in a generally bearish commodity market. We have added to our 2010 hedge positions for Millstone, our New England fossil assets, and natural gas production. As was the case in our previous activity, the timing of these new hedges was weighted toward the first half of the year. The current low power price environment in New England has enabled us to make market purchases during certain times of the day to meet existing power hedges at similar margins, allowing us to bank very low cost coal for consumption in 2010. This has also allowed us to postpone certain low cost coal deliveries into 2010. The result for us is a below market cost of coal for 2010. That in turn enables us to capture spark spreads from these new hedges that are consistent with the commodity price view that is incorporated in our operating earnings outlook. This highlights our flexibility in achieving our hedging targets. Overall, our sensitivity to $1 move in natural gas prices in 2010 is now only about $0.11, down from $0.15 per share in April. Although the range of natural gas prices reflected in our 2010 outlook is above current forward market levels, we have reasons to be somewhat optimistic about the recovery of prices as the economy begins to grow. Those of you who follow the market know that the rig count is down about 60% from its peak. We are beginning to see the effects of this in the reports on domestic production. Gas prices could decline even further near term as storage inventories reach record levels and restrictions are imposed by system operators. As a result, the rig count may continue its downward trend short-term until gas prices begin to rise. It will likely take a fairly sustained price signal above current market prices to support a resumption of the level of drilling that is necessary to offset domestic production decline rates, meet demand, and fill storage next year. On the other hand, should the current recession extend beyond 2009, we should expect natural gas prices to remain lower. However, in this scenario, we would also expect to continue to experience less inflation in non fuel O&M expenses and lower cost borrowing costs than we have included in our outlook. There will undoubtedly continuing opportunities to arbitrage between commodities as long as there is volatility in the marketplace. Also, the hedges we have put in place for 2010 tend to be weighted toward the first half of the year. This provides greater protection during the recession extending into next year, while still providing the opportunity to participate in the upside later next year as the economy gains strength. As we have said before, it is important to examine the dynamics of our entire business model when estimating Dominion's future earnings prospects rather than focusing on a single isolated sensitivity. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell for an update on operational, regulatory, and strategic issues.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. As I have done in our previous calls, I will begin with a brief update on our safety and operational performance. Safety has been and will continue to be one of our core values. I am pleased to report that across every one of our business units, measures of safety performance improved in the second quarter over the prior quarter and over the same period last year. Dominion includes operational excellence as another core value. During the second quarter, our nuclear fleet achieved a net capacity factor, excluding refueling outages, of 100%. We completed a refueling outage at Suri Unit One in 23 days, a station and fleet record. As of July 3rd, Millstone Unit Two had been online for 368 days when it had to shut down to repair a small leak in the reactor cooling system. It returned to service last week. We still expect our nuclear fleet to meet its full year operational expectations. Operations at our coal and combined cycle merchant plants were also excellent during the quarter, with an equivalent forced outage rate of 3.9%. Dominion Energy also had a strong quarter. On April 1, Dominion Transmission began providing storage service from its 4.4 Bcf USA storage project and placed the Cove Point expansion project into commercial service. DTI achieved a year-to-date reliability rate of 99.8% at its Hastings extraction plant and delivered 7% more wet gas volume this second quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Our E&P team drilled 103 wells in the second quarter and 165 wells in the first half of the year, without a single dry hole. Well costs have declined 15% this year and are down about 25% since this time last year. Our second quarter 2009 lifting costs have declined by 7% to $1.26 per Mcfe from $1.35 a year ago. Our DD&A rate has also dropped but by 29% from last year to $1.39 per Mcfe from $1.97, all of these excluding VPP volumes. At Virginia Power, we reduced our average minutes out, excluding major storms, to 114 minutes for the rolling 12 months ending June 2009 from 120 minutes at the end of the first quarter. We also improved our response time on customer calls and made several improvements in our ability to respond to customer inquiries. We continue to make progress on our infrastructure growth projects. In our regulated Virginia Power fleet, we added another 24 megawatts in May through upgrades at one of our peaking facilities. Since September 2007, we have added 784 megawatts of capacity as part of our Powering Virginia growth plan. We commenced construction of the Bear Garden power station on April 1. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center is now over one-third complete. Both projects are on schedule and on budget. As you recall, both projects earn enhanced rates of return. On the merchant side, as of May, all of the chiller system upgrades as Fairless Works were complete. This added 60 megawatts to the station's capacity in the second quarter, bringing the total upgrades completed over the last year to 120 megawatts. We also began construction on one of our major environmental projects, the addition of two natural direct cooling towers at our Brayton Point generating station. On the nuclear front, we are pleased with the interest and participation of the vendors in the first comprehensive competitive solicitation for a new nuclear unit by a utility company in the United States. We have been talking to a number of vendors since January and have received six proposals in response to the RFP we made in March. We are currently evaluating these and anticipate making a decision by the end of the year. In the renewable growth arena, Dominion has reached an agreement with BP Wind Energy to split the development assets of Phase II of the Fowler Ridge Wind Farm. Dominion will develop 15 megawatts of additional wind capacity at the site and BP will retain the remaining 200 megawatts. We expect to close that transaction in the fourth quarter. We began construction on our Meadowbrook-to-Loudoun 500kV transmission line, which is part of our $900 million transmission enhancement program over the next two years. We have installed over 91 structures and 15 miles of 500kV conductor. We also began clearing the Carson to Suffolk line. Both of these projects, which also earn enhanced rates of return, are on schedule for completion in 2011. Finally, on July 16, we received an order from FERC authorizing the upgrade, modification, and expansion of the Cove Point pier. Now, a few comments on our regional economy. The health and direction of the nation's economy continues to be of major concern to everyone. Last quarter we told you that because of the low industrial concentration in our service territory, Dominion's earnings are much less sensitive to changes in the economy than they are to the effects of weather. We also benefit from the stable revenues from the unusually high governmental and military presence throughout our service territory. Weather normalized regulated electric sales for the second quarter were down 2% over the second quarter of 2008 because of lower industrial demand, but regulated electric based revenue was down only 0.5%. Revenues actually increased nearly 2% when you include the impact of rider revenue from our growth projects. So while Dominion has been affected by the economic downturn, its impact has been mitigated by our customer mix and the relative economic strength of our service territory, particularly when compared to other companies. Also on our first quarter call, we told you there were signs that the Virginia economy had hit bottom. That is still the case. Unemployment, which nationally was 9.7% in June, on its way certainly above 10%, was only 7.3% in Virginia as a whole and just 6.7% in our service territory. New connects for the first half of the year were 14,665, which is on pace with our annual forecast of about 30,000. A recent CNBC survey ranked Virginia as the number one state in the nation doing business in 2009, the second time in the three years of this survey. We believe as we exit this year we will see increasing weather normalized sales and continued revenue growth at Virginia Power. I want to update you on the progress in our various regulatory proceedings. As we told you in last quarter's call, we filed the base rate case seeking the first such increase in Virginia in 17 years, along with our annual fuel case, riders for our Virginia City and Bear Garden generating plants, and an electric transmission rider. Earlier this week, we filed two additional riders to capture costs plus return on investment and a margin on O&M expenses associated with the demand side management and smart metering programs. We are moving to secure up to $200 million in funding from the Federal stimulus plan for these investments. I'll address each of these proceedings separately. First, on June 29, the Commission approved the electric transmission rider with a $68 million annual increase effective on September 1. The ruling required us to move about $10 million of the requested revenues to base rates from the transmission rider. Somewhat related, we will be posting our 2010 annual electric transmission rate with PJM on September 15. This FERC approved formula rate methodology is forward-looking and has a true-up provision to ensure the full recovery of cost. It is filed each year to keep revenues and earnings on pace with what we expect to be substantial additional investment in infrastructure as well as NERC related compliance capital and O&M expense. Second, in the fuel case, the company along with Virginia's consumer counsel asked the commission to reschedule the evidentiary hearing from July 16. The motion was granted and the hearing was rescheduled to September 1 to allow more time to resolve overlapping issues between the fuel case and the company's pending base rate case and rate adjustment clauses. Customers' bills were reduced by $3.64 per megawatt hour on July 1 in accordance with our request. Third, the State Corporation Commission ruled on two matters related to the company's base rate filing. On June 29 the commission ruled that the rate period for evaluating the cost of service will be the 12 months beginning September 1, 2009 through August 31, 2010. While this differed from the 27-month period contained in the company's original filing, it confirmed the commission will use a forward-looking test period to set base rates. On July 14, the Commission ruled that the company's capital structure as of December 31, 2008 is to be used in computing its overall cost of capital and revenue requirements. The company's original filing used the estimated cap structure as of December 31, 2010, reflecting the approximate midpoint of the rate period that was filed. Commission held that the 2007 law requires the use of an end of period capital structure for this initial base rate case only. The law grants the commission discretion to select the capital structure other than in the test year in all future biannual reviews. Last Friday the company filed an amended application that complies with both of these rulings while preserving our objections. The revenue increase requested in the amended filing is about $40 million lower than the original filing. In September, we will implement the base rate increase which we are requesting. Finally, hearings in West Virginia and Pennsylvania on the pending sales of Peoples and Hope are scheduled for August. We expect approvals in time for closing by year-end. As Mark mentioned earlier, we are updating our operating earnings outlook for 2010, lowering the range a little bit below 4% from $3.33 to $3.50 per share to a range of $3.20 to $3.40 per share. Our 2010 commitment to achieve a 55% dividend payout ratio remains unchanged. The new outlook incorporates a range of potential outcomes from the base rate case as well as the timing and strength of the economic recovery, electric load growth, and changes in commodity prices. Unfortunately, despite Virginia's relative strength, the recovery of the overall economy remains uncertain. When we provided our 2010 outlook in January, our expectation was that the overall economy would begin to see some improvements in the second half of this year. It is no longer clear that, that will be the case. It now appears that significant improvement will not occur until 2010. Taking all of these factors into account, we are confident in affirming our 2009 guidance and in our revised 2010 outlook. We will be in a position to provide further details on the impact of the rate case on our operating earnings outlook after we receive a final order. Consistent with our past practice, we plan to provide earnings guidance for 2010 and our outlook for 2011 at the beginning of next year. Let me finish by giving you my thoughts on one of the major issues facing our industry at the moment, the prospects for enacting a Federal legislation on climate change. As most of you know, the American Clean Energy and Security Act, otherwise known as Waxman-Markley, was passed by the House with a seven vote margin. Comparable legislation is currently being considered in the Senate, where its prospects are uncertain. One thing we do know is this legislation if enacted will have a profound impact on virtually every sector of our economy. For those of you who may not have read the 1,200 plus pages, the Bill passed by the House imposes energy efficiency standards on homes, commercial buildings, and appliances. It requires the purchase of emissions credits to drive your car, operate your business, or conduct any activity that involves the production or consumption of energy. It creates a host of new federal, state, and local authorities that will oversee the implementation of these regulations. The Waxman-Markley bill sets a cap on carbon emissions that is 3% below 2005 levels by 2012. This may sound like a relatively easy target to achieve. But CO2 emissions have been growing about 1% per year and are expected to be about 7% higher than 2005 levels by 2012. This makes the actual reduction from a business as usual case more like a 10% cut. There's not a lot this nation can do with its generating fleet between now and then except burn a lot more natural gas instead of coal. And as I am sure you are aware, the cap continues to decline, limiting emissions to 17% by 2020 and ultimately 80% below 2005 levels by 2050. As challenging as this may seem, the Bill that passed the House was a significant improvement over the Bill that was originally introduced in the Energy and Commerce Committee in terms of its potential impact on the electric power industry and its customers. Thanks to the leadership of Congressman Rick Boucher from Virginia, a number of changes were made to the Bill that mitigated some of the near term impact on electricity customers. The Edison Electric Institute, working with Mr. Boucher's office was able to craft a program where a significant percentage of the emissions allowances are allocated to local distribution companies to help their customers offset the higher electricity costs, should this Bill become law. There is also an allocation of allowances to merchant coal generators based on an estimate of the emissions costs that would not be recoverable through market prices. EEI and its members are working to make further improvements to the Bill. Looking ahead, I am frankly not sure if the Bill will make it through the Senate or not, especially this year. One possible alternative to a comprehensive climate change Bill is a standalone renewable and energy efficiency program. In the end, legislative initiatives to combat climate change will present significant challenges for the electric industry, our company, our customers, and our investors. Thank you and we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Wayne.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Wonder if you could help me understand a little bit the premises for the 2010 revised guidance. I understand that we're cutting the earnings growth outlook from 4% to 6% to 0% to 3%, partly reflecting the expected outcome of the Dutco [ph] rate case, partly reflecting the level of gas prices. You're assuming $6.75 gas to $7.25 gas if I heard you correctly. And I also understand from your disclosures that you are about 60% hedged with respect to your power sales in New England. So I guess the first part of my question is why this relatively high expected gas price, let's say $7 on average, relative to the forward strip of $6? And then secondly, if you perhaps could elaborate a little bit on the expected impact of the Dutco rate case on the earnings outlook for next year?
Mark McGettrick: Hugh, this is Mark. Let me take first part of that. In terms of the commodity price outlook, even in the second quarter of this year, gas prices approached the bottom of our range and bumped up on the $6.75. And we were able to take advantage of that both on coal and gas and a few Millstone hedges. We mentioned a number of times that we protected ourselves on the front end of 2010. And so based on the production information we see out there, we think it's still a reasonable assumption that gas could get into $6.75 to $7.25 range next year. Now granted, that may occur later in the year than what we originally thought and that's why we've been protecting ourselves on the front end. But we still believe that $6.75 to $7.25 is going to occur in 2010. And if it does so that our open positions at the end of next year will take advantage of that. As far as the rate case, we considered the rate case, we considered commodity prices, and we considered what our view was on financing cost next year and what our opportunities might be on expense costs. And in aggregate, we decided it was prudent at this time to adjust our range. Even though as I said in the text, it is certainly possible we could still reach the old range depending what the outcome is along all those lines. On the rate case, our range assumes a range of potential outcomes from the regulatory proceeding, which we don't know exactly what they will be, but we tried to reflect orders to-date in a range and what we think are reasonable outcomes going forward. We also mentioned 0% to 3% in terms of growth rate, that really is going to depend on where we come in this year, so I don't know how your math worked, but that growth rate again could be higher than that depending on what the final orders look like, what final commodity prices look like, and where we finish in our range for 2010.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Thanks Mark. And then I guess just to finish it off, if we do see gas prices in the second half of next year that are closer to the forward curve, the sensitivity that we should be, which is about $1 below your estimate -- sensitivity we should be using is this one on page 10 that earnings might be then $0.11 lower in 2010 for every $1 that the gas price is below this $6.75 to $7.25 range?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, I think if you look at that and as a single item which again we encourage everybody to look at it's a whole basket of opportunity that we have. But if you look at just the commodity price, I think it would be a fair assumption that if it's where it stands today, we would be at the lower end, and if it approaches the $6.75 to $7.25, we would be at the upper end.
Hugh Wynne -- Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Farrell: Thank you. I think we're a little bit more hedged than you listed there, Hugh, but it's all in the hedging slide on some of the assets.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Good morning. Just on the coal arbitrage that you mentioned being able to buy power and stockpile cheap coal, what's the financial impact of that in '09 and '010? I'm sorry if I missed that.
Mark McGettrick: The financial impact in 2009 is immaterial. Paul, what we've been able to do is 24/7 prices at NEPOOL in the second quarter have been running in the $30 to $35 range, well below what our dispatch cost is for some of our marginal coal plants, namely at Salem. And so what we've done is we've been able to cover our hedges out of Salem and be able to bank coal to move it in 2010. This is a very low priced coal, and also to shift some deliveries from '09 to '010 as well. So the impact on '09 is immaterial, and on '010 what is allows us to do is to affect margins and dark spreads in the range of the $6.75 to $7.25 that we mentioned previously.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. So I guess I mean that goes back to Hugh's question. I'm trying to get a sense as to how much this coal arbitrage is helping out in 2010 on a dollar basis?
Mark McGettrick: We're not going to give a dollar figure for our coal margins, and we never have before. What I would encourage you to look at again is that as we made these hedges our statement was they supported our outlook of $6.75 to $7.25, so that's consistent with what our range would be. And the open positions are really just what our exposure is left.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then just on rate case, I know you guys increased the ROE expectation there because of the higher leverage and I was just wondering what other factors might have -- I mean, I realize that you decreased it by $40 million, but it would seem to me that maybe there are other factors that could be influencing the revised filing to bring it in at $250 million. Could you give us a little bit more flavor? I would assume maybe $10 million of that is from the transmission. Are there any large components that are driving that?
Mark McGettrick: Paul, you hit two of the three. The third one was the bad debt exposure gone up a little bit. I think its $6 million number in that range that we also added to update the case. It's those three components that put you to $250 million from what had been just about I think it was $287 million or number like that, just below $290 million.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Right. The Bear Garden, some of the staff was suggesting that part of that go into base rates. That is not in this filing; correct?
Tom Farrell: That's correct. I think that position is untenable. But we will file shortly another document that says if it turns out that's correct, which like I said, we don't believe it is, then we'll transfer those funds, that recovery just to the base rate case. It won't make any difference overall in what happens, I mean, the staff testimony says it should be recovering base rates instead of the rider. We think it's more appropriately recovered in the rider.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Just finally, the ARO benefit, what happened there?
Mark McGettrick: ARO is the calculated benefit for the decommissioning trust in terms of liability expense, and periodically companies update that based on best estimates today, structure of decommissioning going forward, and I guess we're a little fortunate there, Paul, is that Unit One at Millstone is in the early stages of decommissioning. So we have much better actual cost on what it may cost going forward and probably are a little further along than some other companies in terms of plans on decommissioning. So we update our cost estimates and took a one-time reduction below the line to reflect what we think are the current expected costs to finish decommissioning for Unit One.
Paul Patterson -- Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Wessel [ph] with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Wessel -- Macquarie Capital: Hi, good morning. Another question on the hedging activity. You mentioned that you expect downward pressure on natural gas in the near-term. We agree with that view. So I understand that the 2010 hedges are weighted toward the first half of the year. But if that's the case, why not add more hedges for 2009? If you expect a recovery around mid-year 2010, why add hedges on 2011 output now? How would you describe your view on gas in 2011?
Tom Farrell: Well, first, in 2009 we're almost completely hedged anyway for the rest of the year for our assets. We have a small open position at Millstone but we're comfortable, that's about as far as we want to go for hedging. In terms of 2011, we did put some hedges in recently for 2011, and it really goes back to we're not a big risk taker here. We're going to average in our hedges and not keep huge open positions going into any calendar year. We typically have done that over a three year period and we're going to continue with that philosophy. Now depending what our view is it might be a little slower or a little quicker depending on where we're going into a year. But we felt the positions we had in 2011, we wanted to start closing those and we thought the hedge price we had out there, which I think the average is about $72 on power as you look at what we put in place are fair on averaging basis. Our view that gas price is going to rise, it's just do nothing but increase that price in terms of the average basis as we go forward. But it's really the risk profile that we want. We want to balance that and average in over time.
Andrew Wessel -- Macquarie Capital: Okay. Great. And then just one last question on the 2010 guidance. You mentioned operating expense control; can you elaborate or quantify some of the key moving parts there relative to your previous expectations?
Tom Farrell: We will get into the details of the operating expense and our other opportunities in January when we talk about more specifically on guidance. I guess what I would mention to you is we have $3.3 billion in operating expenses. And we're going to look closely what our opportunities might be to optimize those over the next couple years if there are any.
Andrew Wessel -- Macquarie Capital: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. (Operator instructions). Go ahead, Mr. Gordon.
Greg Gordon -- Morgan Stanley: Good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon -- Morgan Stanley: When I look at the guidance, the range of gas price assumptions now is the same as it was in your prior guidance, and you're saying that you've been able to optimize your fuel position for next year. So should I presume that the actual outlook as you see it embedded in the guidance, at least for the merchant business, is the same? Or is it that heat rates are lower in your outlook now or some other thing is driving lower expected margins in that business, vis-à-vis the lower guidance?
Mark McGettrick: I think the assumption should be it's the same. Again, if the actual gas prices and correlating power prices turn out to be lower than what the $6.75 to $7.25 is, that would drive us more toward the bottom. And if it lands in that range, we should be middle to the top.
Greg Gordon -- Morgan Stanley: Great. I understand that. So then the change in the guidance really relates more to changes in the assumed outcome in Virginia and financial market conditions and expense control, the other items you delineated on page 10 of your presentation; right?
Tom Farrell: Greg, I think it's all of the factors. As we said in our script, certainly, it is certainly possible that we could earn in that original forecast that we gave in January. The economy though seems to be bouncing along a bottom for an extended period, although I believe you all study things all across the country much more closely than we do. Our service territory here in Virginia compared to many is I guess you can't call anything robust, but in a relative manner it is. And that will continue. But as we were looking out we want to try to give you our best thinking when we have it about what's going to happen in 2010. We've hedged some more Millstone. It's now at 60%. The coal assets in New England are now at 65% for 2010. Mark mentioned to you that have over $3 billion in non-fuel O&M expense at the company. We made some O&M cuts as we entered this year against what our budget was. We have other opportunities if necessary. Our interest expense if we stay in a recession for a longer period of time is going to be lower than is in the forecast. We're hopeful is that people will look at all of the variables that we have, things we can control in a positive way, and things we can't control. It's when you take all those factors into account that we think it was prudent at this stage to give a forecast for next year that reflects all of those factors.
Greg Gordon -- Morgan Stanley: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Good morning. Wanted to ask a bit on demand and the impact of weather. I know you've reduced or taken some type of adjustment for your outlook on July weather. Unfortunately, the sun hasn't shown much. Can you just give us an idea of what that weather were to continue into August, what kind of impact that would have and what your now forecast looks like for demand for the rest of the year?
Tom Farrell: The weather forecast for August are normal and the same for September so we don't expect there to be any other serious deterioration, you make a lot of money around here if you get a hot week. So I can't tell you. I unfortunately can't answer that question, because it looks like weather will be normal for the balance of the quarter. But there's lots of things we can do, and we're very confident in our 2009 forecast. The sales growth at both our residential and commercial customers is flat or positive for the year-to-date and we expect that to continue. Our new connects is on our budget. July has been a good month for that. The industrial customers continue to lag. We think as the economy goes along, that will start increasing and as the new connects get into our system, we believe that we will come out of the end of the year as we've been saying since the beginning of the year; we'll exit 2009 with some positive sales growth. We do have revenue growth even in that down sales situation because of the way our regulatory system here works and our rider revenues that we're getting from the Southwest Virginia case are in rates already. The transmission increases will be in rates and our filing will be in rates. That latter part subject to refund. The other two are not subject to refund. So as we exit the year, we think we're not going to be wild growing at a really rapid pace, but we expect to have positive sales growth by the time we get to the end of the year. And I think we can handle the weather with what we've had happened so far.
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Just a clarification. Can you quantify how much you reduced your expectation this year for or you made adjustments for this year related to the June or July weather?
Tom Farrell: July weather.
Mark McGettrick:
 :
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Very good. Do you have a sensitivity to gas prices related to 2011?
Mark McGettrick: We do not. We're going to talk more about 2011 on our January call as we typically would.
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Very good. And then just on E&P, I know you accelerated the number of wells you've drilled, and when you look at lifting cost, lifting costs have come down. But they seem to have fallen less than what a 60% decline in rig rates across the country would suggest that they maybe perhaps cost of rig rates would have fallen. Could you just give us some bit of idea of what's going on in there and your opportunities and challenges at this point?
Tom Farrell: I'm going to ask Gary Sypolt to answer that question.
Gary Sypolt: Actually, we have seen costs drop on our conventional drilling. Most of it's been tied to steel cost that hasn't been a significant drop. But when you look at it, you see that we did drop our drilling costs, you said insignificantly, we actually were fairly proud of that drop. But the drilling costs themselves in Appalachia for rigs haven't dropped significantly yet because we have seen a great decline in Appalachia, not similar to the 60% you've seen across Texas and other parts of the nation.
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Okay. And you may have said this. I apologize if I've missed it. But you've made some adjustment to your base rates and fuel costs and things of this nature. Now could you just give us an idea of what the impact of the customers, net-net of all these adjustments would have been?
Tom Farrell: Well, if you looked at all of it, I guess it was originally about under a 7% increase and since there's a little bit coming out of the revenue requirement, it will be closer to 6% probably increase overall. (inaudible) when you take all of it into account.
Nathan Judge -- Atlantic Equities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers -- Credit Suisse: Good morning. I know we spent a lot of time talking about 2010 and the new onus to hunker down in line. But if you look at the demand outlook from here, are you seeing any need to re-evaluate some of the capital programs either in absolute terms or in potentially pushing out some of the timing if demand is not as good as you originally anticipated?
Tom Farrell: No. The PJM came out just a couple of months ago and reaffirmed that Virginia still needs a lot of new power generation before we get just out over the next 10 years, over 2019. We've done 785 megawatts of upgrades already. Bear Garden is approved and under construction. The Southwest Virginia case is approved and under construction. We're looking at further expansions of Warren County for combined cycle. Also our Possum Point facility we're looking at. And we've got our new wind farms also that we're looking at in Southwest Virginia and some biomass projects.  North Anna is we're just going to have to see how these bids come out and we have to have the power in this state. It's a mandate from our legislature and I think the commission's view of that is best enunciated not by us, but by them in the Bear Garden order if you have a chance to review that, what they think the power needs are and the way they want us to go about meeting those. If North Anna turns out that we can't come up with a proposal that we're satisfied with and the commission's satisfied with on the risk sharing and the cost, then we will have to supply the power with other methods, whether it's more gas-fired plants or other means. It won't be from purchasing power out of the markets, because that is contrary to the legislative mandate and the governor's energy policy plan that was adopted last year. On the Dominion Energy front, we are looking hard at the Appalachian Gateway project because while there is a plenty of gas in Appalachia, there is not plenty of infrastructure in Appalachia to get the gas to market. So that we will be looking at. We did an open season. It was fully subscribed at rates that we like. We have another project we're looking at in Appalachia. East Ohio, we will be doing the bare steel pipe replacements with the Cove Point Pier expansion. That project is fully subscribed to our shippers, so those costs are covered. So our transmission upgrades are going forward. They're approved, under construction. We will be filing for substantial additional funding for our transmission infrastructure, electric infrastructure, with some of the new NERC requirements, and other upgrades that are necessary. So we will trim our capital budgets as we go along, as we always do. But the demand situation in Virginia is relative to other places, still quite good.
Dan Eggers -- Credit Suisse: So separate from some economic adjustment to 2010, no change to long-term growth rates then?
Tom Farrell: That's correct.
Dan Eggers -- Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. McGettrick, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark McGettrick: Thank you. I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Just reminder that our Forms 10-Q are expected to be filed with the SEC later today and our third quarter earnings release is scheduled for October 30th. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and enjoy your day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Director of Investor Relations Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citi Paul Pederson - Glenrock Associates Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity
Operator: Excuse me everyone. On the call today, we have Tom Farrell, CEO and other members of senior management. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations for Safe Harbor treatment.
Laura Kottkamp: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's first quarter earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our first quarter 2009 earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed, discrete questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call in with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to second quarter 2009 guidance. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts, and view our first quarter 2009 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. And now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. Now for the last time, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Tom Chewning.
Thomas N. Chewning: Thank you, Laura and good morning everyone. Following an overview of first quarter financial results and second quarter operating earnings guidance, each of our business unit CEOs will review first quarter performance as well as what they foresee for the second quarter. Tom Farrell will update you on strategic issues and regulatory proceedings, including the Virginia base rate case filed on March 31st of this year. Following Tom's remarks, we will be happy to answer your questions. This earnings call is my last as Dominion's CFO and I am pleased to say that it's an excellent quarter to discuss. Operating earnings were considerably above the upper end of our quarterly guidance range. However, GAAP earnings were reduced by a certain special item that I will discuss later. Operating earnings for the first quarter of 2009 were $0.97 per share, $0.07 above the upper end of our quarterly guidance range. As we've done each quarter since this time last year, we look at weather and tax variations from the guidance to get an appropriate view of how we did versus our forecast. Favorable weather added $0.03 per share, while our taxes cost us $0.02 more than expected. Storm damage and restoration cost us an additional $0.01 per share. After normalizing for these items, we're back to operating earnings of $0.97 per share. You find complete reconciliations of operating earnings compared to quarterly guidance on pages 33 to 39 of this morning's earnings release kit. Interestingly, the first quarter reveals certain dynamics related to the nation's economic recession that helped create the positive variance to guidance. The federal reserves continued support of short-term markets reduced Dominion's borrowing cost for the quarter versus our projection. Track spreads as well as income from our producer services and parking loan activities benefited from movements of and between commodity prices in the quarter. Lower natural gas cost have led to increased dispatch at our Fairless and Manchester stations. And decreasing demand for goods and services resulted in lower cost, helping us to achieve our targeted O&M reductions. As it relates to demand for energy, our first quarter '09 results compared to first quarter of '08 demonstrate that our earnings sensitivity to regulate the electric sales variances are minimal. Our first quarter megawatt hour sales were 3.8% below our forecast and 2.4% below first quarter of '08. However, as shown on page 52 of our earnings release kit, our first quarter weather normalized base revenue was only 1.7% below first quarter of '08 and was actually 6/10th of 1% higher when rider revenue is included. Assuming that our first quarter sales variances by a customer class hold true for the remainder of the year, we would expect to earn approximately $0.035 less than originally forecast for 2009. Well within 2009 our guidance range. However, we continue to believe that demand growth will return later in 2009. As you will hear later in the call, Tom Farrell will provide support that the Virginian economy appears to be leveling off and there are many expected uplifts as the year progresses. This strong first quarter performance allows us to reconfirm our 2009 operating earnings guidance range of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. GAAP earnings were $0.42 per share. I mentioned earlier that GAAP earnings were reduced by certain special items. Too large non-cash special charges were taken in the quarter. First, due to low per month natural gas prices at the end of March, our oil and gas cool suffered an impairment of $272 million. Even if gas prices continue to be depressed, we believe we still have extremely valuable E&P assets in Appalachia. And we have no value in our cost pool for the greater than 500,000 acres of Marcellus acreage we still control. Second, the net losses in our nuclear decommissioning trust funds were approximately $50 million. Given the date some projected decommissioning cost of our units, these trust assets are still sufficient to fund our future obligations. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on schedules two and three of our earnings release kit. Cash flow for the first quarter was approximately $1.5 billion, over $900 million greater than the first quarter of 2008. And liquidity available at the end of March was approximately $3.4 billion, which is an increase of nearly $0.5 billion since year end 2008. For statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 17 and 53 of the first quarter earnings release kit. We have completed our plans to raise equity from the market for 2009. Since our last earnings call, we have raised $250 million of equity. 57 million was raised through a debt for equity swap, 2 million in a private placement with officers and directors and 191 million was raised through after-money for durable program. Dominion expects second quarter 2009 operating earnings in the range of $0.61 to $0.66 per share, compared to actual operating earnings of $0.50 per share in the second quarter of 2008. Complete details of the company's second quarter 2009 guidance can be found on pages 40 through 46 of Dominion's earnings release kit. Many analysts and investors are focusing on Dominion's sensitivity to natural gas prices and looking at potential earnings levels in 2010 and beyond. It is important to realize that there were severally potentially counterbalancing assumptions in our long range earnings picture. Should the current recession be prolong beyond 2009, we should expect natural gas prices to remain lower than our outlook range of $6.77 to $7.25 per mmbtu. However, we should continue to experience less inflation and non-fuel O&M expenses and lower borrowing cost than we have included in our prior forecast for 2010. There will undoubtedly be continuing opportunities to arbitrage between commodities as long as there is any volatility in the marketplace. Low natural gas prices would allow our merchant gas generating facilities to be dispatched more regularly, helping to offset some decrease in margin from that other unregulated generating stations. Ultimately, the nation's economy will recover and with it, natural gas prices will surely rise. However, we believe our combination of businesses will continue to show reasonable growth, while the economy and commodities are depressed. My point is not to consider one sensitivity in isolation when estimating Dominion's future operating earnings prospects. As demonstrated by those dynamics of our first quarter results, the Dominion business model can still produce strong earnings in a down economic cycle. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Heacock. Dave?
David A. Heacock: Thank you, Tom. Dominion Virginia Power experienced strong financial and operational performance in the first quarter. From a financial perspective, we produced an EBIT of $225 million, the midpoint of our guidance range. Favorable revenue related to weather was directly offset by restoration expenses, caused by major snow and ice storm in early March. Operationally, our regulated distribution and transmission businesses continue to see steady improvement in the metric we use to measure reliability. At the end of the first quarter, our average minutes out per customer for the previous 12 months excluding major storms, stood at 119.5 minutes as compared to 123.7 minutes at the same time last year. Since 2004, we have realized a 19 million improvement in this important metric. We also experienced continued strong safety performance in the first quarter. The OSHA recordable incident rate, the number of incidents per 100 employees per year for the Dominion Virginia Power remained at an all-time low of 1.8. New connects in our electric service territory finished the quarter at 7400 and are on pace with our annual forecast of 30,000. Looking longer term, over the next five years, we remain confident that we will realize substantial growth in three major areas; data centers, military bases and transportation. Plans are in tact for 14 new data centers to be built in Northern Virginia by 2013. That equates to a projected load equipment of nearly 130,000 homes. Military expansion projects related to base field line and enclosure continued on solid pace with significant construction at Fort Lee and Fort Balbore (ph). The eventual build out of these two locations is projected to add 133 megawatts of load over the next four years. We have also recently received a request for new substation to feed expansion at the Quantico marine base. In the area of transportation, the metro-rail extension Phase I from Balster Truest (ph) in Virginia is fully funded and will be complete by 2013. New growth of the redevelopment in Tysons corner area in conjunction with Phase I is still projected to provide a build out of 480 to 830 megawatts of load by 2013. Construction on two of our major 500 kb transmission lines, Meadow Brook to Loudoun and Carson to Suffolk is progressing on schedule for delivering on time in service day 2011. These lines receive 150 basis point premium that's our first approved 11.4% ROE. As expected we experienced some upward pressure on expenses associated with bad debt in the first quarter. The net charge-off as a percentage of revenue rose to 0.47% as compared to 0.29% at the end of 2008. This number was largely driven by several bankruptcies in industrial sector in February. We will continue to take proactive steps to effectively manage negative impacts of the economy. January marked the beginning of two significant smart meters demonstration projects at (inaudible) and Sharpsville. We installed about 6700 meters and associated equipment in January and February and started the Sharpsville project in early April. To-date the new meter technology is performing well and as expected. With the appointment of smart meters, an estimated investment of approximately $600 million will begin in 2010, continue on a successful completion of these demonstration projects and the establishment of a appropriate cost recovery. Turning to second quarter guidance, we've projected EBIT range of 168 to $184 million. The midpoint of which is approximately $12 million above the second quarter of 2008. We expect this quarter just also be driven primarily by a return to normal storm activity and our electric service territory. Higher DD&A and routine operating expenses are expected to be offset by continued growth in our electric transmission business. I'll now turn the call over to Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul D. Koonce: Thanks, Dave. Energy produced first quarter EBIT of $315 million. This result was well above Energy's EBIT guidance range and above first quarter 2008 EBIT of $304 million. And if you will recall, first quarter 2008 included 4.1 bcfe of now expired VPP volumes. Drivers for the quarter include initiation of service at Cove Point in March and for the full quarter for the gas transmission related facilities, higher market center service revenues and lower fuel expense at gas transmission and higher than expected performance of producer services. These positives were partially offset by the change in rate design at Dominion East Ohio. Energy safety measures were equally impressive. For the first quarter, Energy's OSHA incident rate was down 11% and our loss time restricted duty rate was down 36% and just recently AGA recognized Dominion East Ohio and Dominion Hope with its 2008 AGA safety achievement award for fewest days away restricted incident rates among both large and small gas distribution companies. Turning to operations, Dominion East Ohio's automated meter and pipeline infrastructure replacement programs are both on track. The automated meter program should be almost 50% complete by year end and in less than one year we have already replaced 80 miles of distribution main and 15,000 services lines. Both investments qualify for rider treatment. During the quarter, Dominion Transmission filed its peer modernization project. This filing represents 50 million of budgeted capital and more importantly, will enable Cove Point to receive the world's most advanced shifts. This project is expected to be complete in mid 2011. Dominion Transmission continues its practice of incrementally expanding its pipeline network through a series of bypass projects. Pubs one, two ant three, Rule valley and USA Storage are all on schedule. A discussion of the quarter would not be complete without mentioning Producer Services. This team was able to capture substantial margins due primarily to colder than normal weather throughout the mid Atlantic and Northeast market area and the utilization of firm transportation, storage rights and field service optimization. As in the past, the company has been able to take advantage of the seasonal dislocations that can occur in this business. Now, looking to second quarter guidance. We project an Energy EBIT range of 180 to $205 million. The midpoint of which is an increase of 42 million or 28% over second quarter 2008. We expect earnings to be up due to the full quarter of revenues associated with Cove Point expansion and the implementation of the new rate design at Dominion East Ohio. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark McGettrick. Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation produced first quarter EBIT of $622 million. This result was at the top of our guidance range and represents more than 9% growth over the first quarter of 2008. The major drivers of growth for the quarter were higher margins in our merchant business and improved weather a at regulated utility. Supporting these financial results was continued excellent operating performance across our generating fleet. During the quarter, our nuclear capacity factor excluding planned refueling outages was 100% and our planned refueling outage at North Anna, which included a 10 year in-service inspection, was completed in a record of 25 days. Our fossil and hydro fleet also had excellent performance. Our utility fleet posted its lowest first quarter forced outage rate ever of 3.17%. In addition to our financial results, there are a number of key items at Dominion Generation's report since our last call. First, Dominion Generation's safety performance continues to be excellent. The first quarter OSHA recordable incident rates for nuclear and fossil fleets were 0.18 and 0.88 respectively. Second, on March 27th, we received Virginia Commission approval of Bear Garden, our 580 megawatt combined cycle facility, which qualifies for 100 basis points adder to our base ROE. Construction is now underway and the facility is expected to be operational in the summer of 2011. Third, on April 17th, the Virginia Supreme Court upheld the commission's approval of the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, ending a challenge to the CPCN by several environmental groups. Construction of facilities progressing on schedule and currently stands at about 25% complete. We expect this facility to be operational in 2012. Finally, several new projects went on line since our last update. At Ladysmith, a new 150 megawatt peaking unit achieved commercial operation on April 6th, which was 56 days ahead of plan. At our Bath County Pump Store Station, the unit for upgrade of 48 megawatts was completed. And our Fowler Ridge Phase I wind project in Indiana achieved four commercial operations during the quarter, adding 150 megawatts of new renewable capacity to our portfolio. In total, we've added almost 350 megawatts of new capacity this year. Looking to guidance for the second quarter. As you can see on page 43 of the earnings kit, Generation's forecasted EBIT is between 419 and $507 million. The midpoint of that range represents nearly 17% growth compared to the second quarter of 2008. Drivers to this growth come from our merchant generation business, which include fewer planned outer days at our Millstone, Kewaunee and Fairless stations. Partially offsetting this growth is a return to normal weather in our regulated services territory, a heavier than normal utility outage schedule and reduced FTR in wholesale margins at a regulated utility business. Dominion Generation has produced consistently strong growth rates over the past several years and is positioned to continue that trend going forward. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. For the past two years, we have concentrated on our infrastructure growth plans across the company, while maintaining our focus on safety and excellent operations. This quarter proved no exception. In this economic environment, it would be natural to assume that all large capital projects have been scaled back or even canceled. I assure you that in Virginia, where we are currently the second largest importer of power ammunition; that is not the case. Our state, as you have heard in prior comments, fairs relatively well in recessionary times. The state's unemployment rate continues to run 2 percentage points below the national average. Employment in our service territory is better than the state-wide. Even in this economy, PJM recently reiterated the need for over 4600 new megawatts in Virginia, over just the next 10 years. Our recent rate fillings with the Virginia State Corporation Commission support this multi-year expansion plan and our outlook for continued growth in our service territory. On March 31, we filed the base rate case seeking the first increase in Virginia in 17 years. We also filed our annual fuel case, riders, for our Virginia City and Bear Garden generation plants, and an electric transmission rider. In July, we plan to file an additional rider to capture costs associated with the demand side management efforts in the Smart Metering program that Dave Heacock mentioned earlier. Under a newly enacted Virginia law, we are entitled to earn an equity like return on our am expenses as well as on capital deployed in these efforts. In our base rate case file, we demonstrated the need for a 12.5% return on equity, with an additional 100 basis point premium for outstanding operational performance. I would note that our 12.5% request is within the range of earned returns of our peer utilities. Virginia Power's operating performance is the best in its history, which we believe deserves a premium return compared to our peers. This combined 13.5% ROE, if granted, will serve as the base ROE for the rider projects. Both Virginia City and Bear Garden qualify for separate 100 basis point added to the underlying lab return. Importantly, the rate case is forward-looking. The meter (ph) provides for cost recovery and a return on equity rate base through November 2011; the end of the initial rate period. This was a critical aspect of the legislation enacted in 2007 that ensured we would not face significant regulatory lag on reimbursement of our costs or the opportunity to earn on our expanding capital investments. As the fuel case, base rates and riders are phased in, the total impact to Virginia Power's residential customers is less than a 7% increase. Last week we received a case schedule from the commission. We should keep in mind that our commission and its staff have a lot in their plates in 2009. They have our six cases. Those will be filed shortly with fillings by AEP and then Allegheny. It is understandable they have spread the matters out over the course of the year. In any event statutorily, interim base rates as filed will go into effect September 1 subject to re-file. I mentioned that we were moving ahead on our infrastructure plans in Virginia. As Mark McGettrick reviewed for you, our additions at Ladysmith and our upgrades during the quarter, added almost 200 megawatts of new plant in Virginia. That brings the total capacity added so far under our powering Virginia growth plan to about 7590 megawatts in just 18 months. Bear Garden and Virginia City are under construction. These two plants will add more than 1100 new megawatts in capacity by 2012. We need, however, much more baseload power in Virginia over the next decade. In March, we began a competitive process to determine if nuclear technology vendors could provide an advance reactor for the third unit at North Anna. We expect to complete this initial phase by the end of summer with final negotiations concluded by the end of the year. Dominion and General Electric were unable to reach a satisfactory risk sharing agreement on an ESBWR design. We hope this process will bare better fruit. Also I want to spend a few minutes highlighting our renewable energy programs. We already have a voluntary renewable standard in Virginia, which we planned to meet. Even if federal legislation is adopted, we are well positioned with our current and future portfolio of renewable megawatts. Our Virginia City plants can burn up to 20% biomass and our 83 megawatts Pennsylvania biomass plant is among the largest in the United States. Our share of the in-service megawatts at our Fowler Ridge and NedPower Wind facilities totals nearly 300 megawatts. Our proposed wind farm at Prairie Fork in Illinois would add 300 more; bringing our wind resources to approximately 600. We're also evaluating sites in two Western Virginia counties to consider additional wind farms. Dominion has a number of other viable renewable projects waiting in the background, including an expansion at Fowler Ridge, which we can pursue once we see capital more available. Our recently created Alternative Energy Solutions Group will be looking at emerging legislation and technology to ensure that we are pursuing worthwhile opportunities in maximizing our current portfolio across the company. Let me conclude with a few words about the Virginia economy and the price of natural gas. As I just discussed Virginia, you may want to refer to page 52 of the earnings release kit, Tom Chewning noted that Virginia Power's weather normalized, regulated electric revenue increased by $5 million or about six-tenths of a percent in the first quarter of 2009 over the first quarter of 2008. The increased revenue stream occurred despite a 2.4% decrease in total sales and a nearly 13% decrease in industrial sales. Residential sales decreased a little over 1% and revenues were flat. Commercial sales increased about 1% and revenue increased by 3.6%. These results relate primarily to our customer mix. Residential and commercial customers are responsible for more than 75% of sales and they represent approximately 83% of retail revenue. Industrial customers account for only about 10% of our regulated electric sales and about 6% of our regulated electric revenues. You should compare this to the average utility, which has 26% of total sales and 90% of total revenues from industrial customers. You may find it interesting that our governmental revenues average about 60% higher than our industrial customers' contribution. As noted, this is all shown on page 52 of the earnings release kit. The increase in revenue also reflects the beneficial effects of Virginia's regulatory scheme; because we have current recovery as we expand Generation fleet and Transmission system. In the first quarter, added revenues came only for Virginia City. As the first quarter shows and as we have highlighted in the past, because of the low industrial concentration in our service territory, Dominion's earnings are much less sensitive to changes in the economy than they are to the effects of weather that drive a heating and cooling requirements of our residential and smaller commercial customers. We also benefit from stable revenues that come from the unusually high governmental presence throughout our service territory. In fact this customer mix has worked to the benefit of our customers in our base rate case. If Virginia Power had the mix of a typical utility, we would have to seek a higher rate increase. So while Dominion has been affected by the economic downturn, the impact has been mitigated by our customer mix and a relative strength of our service territory. Looking ahead to our signs of the Virginia economy has hit bottom. Bankruptcies peaked in January and February and are down significantly in March and April. In fact April filings are at the same level as they were in April of 2008 before the major meltdown last summer and fall. Our unemployment rate continues to be among the lowest in the United States and has stabilized. We believe that as we exit this year, we will see increasing weather normalized sales as well as continued revenue growth at Virginia Power, as we saw in the first quarter. With respect to natural gas, we believe that during 2010 and certainly by 2011 natural gas prices will revert to a range of $6.75 to $7.25 per mmbtu. Street analysts agree, as shown in their mean estimates of 6.75 per 2010 and $7.25 for 2011. In addition, electric utility analysts estimate an average 2010, New England round the clock price of approximately $72 per megawatt hour and an average of 2011 price of $74 a megawatt hour. Over ten times the estimated price of natural gas and considerably higher than the current 2010 forward curve which is around $55 a megawatt hour. While we have not altered our fundamental business strategy, we have adjusted certain aspects of how we approach commodities hedging in our merchant segments. Because it is our view that the price of commodities will rise in tandem with an economic recovery, we believe the best course of action is to reduce temporarily the volumes we target as we average in over time and instead hedge when market prices reflect an economic recovery. Since our last call, we did take the opportunity to execute some additional 2010 hedges at Millstone. But we focused that hedging on the front part of the year to protect against the possibility of a delayed economic recovery. This hedging activity does not change our 2010 EPS outlook. We still expect to approach our targeted hedge percentages as we near each fiscal year. We monitor commodities markets on a constant basis, so we can act, when favorable conditions exist. Similarly, we have scaled back our E&P drilling program for the balance of 2009. For the year, we expect to drill about 300 wells versus about 400 originally planned. This change will conserve about $50 million of capital and will have only a minor impact on near-term production given the long wide nature of a typical Appalachian well. We are in the midst of a large scale, long-term infrastructure growth program to meet the growing energy needs in our Virginia service territory. The Virginia Commission in Firk (ph) have already approved about $4 billion of new energy infrastructure in Virginia, which we will build out over the next three years, increasing our rate base in each of those years.; which much remains to be done. Those investments were only get us about half of what PJM says we need over the next 10 years. We also continue to upgrade select merchant plants and grow our Dominion Energy segment by expanding our pipelines, gas storage and LNG business. Our operating and safety performance equal or exceed the best in our 100 year history. Although the economy has not yet recovered, our business model has proven resilient and we have weathered the initial cocky months with less pain than many analysts projected. We have a strong economy in Virginia that is well supported by the Federal and State governments, the military and a healthy and growing level of Internet traffic and support. While we continue to work on executing superior daily operations, our focus remains on building and preparing for the future as it has over the past two years. As the economy bottoms and we move toward a more positive climate, Dominion's diverse energy infrastructure base will allow us to take advantage of many opportunities. Before we take questions, I want to thank Tom Chewning for his dedicated, tireless, superb work on behalf of Dominion, its shareholders, employees and customers. He has served as our CFO for a decade; one that has been marked by constant change. He held that position as we purchased CNG, expanded and reduced our E&P business, be regulated and re-regulated. He led us through market meltdowns caused by Enron, 9/11 and financial troubles. He has guided us with a steady hand, sharp intellect, financial acumen and an un-airing sense of integrity. All or so him a debt of gratitude and I personally thank him for our partnership. And our loss is his family's and our community's gain. He will be replaced by Mark McGettrick, who many of you know. You will learn that Mark has a different style but shares many of Tom's qualities. He has very big shoes to fill as he knows, but he is extremely able and will perform very well. So, Tom on behalf of all of us, thank you for your dedicated service. With that, we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with Citi.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas Farrell: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Citi: I want to echo what Tom said that guys like me been in the industry for 15 plus years, its hard to think of getting up in the morning and coming to work without Tom Chewning being a part of it. So congratulations on your retirement.
Thomas Chewning: Thanks.
Greg Gordon - Citi: My first question is with regard to the quarter. Can you review for us or refresh our memories on the producer services business model and what led to your ability to put such a good number. And is that a structurally sustainable number? Or does that have to do with, sort of market conditions in this quarter?
Paul Koonce: Greg, this is Paul Koonce. Thanks for the question. The business model of producer services is a physical business model. We've got a real nice set of storage and transportation assets that come from asset management arrangements made up of our unregulated portfolio. They have certain transportation contracts that we can manage. You've got upstream transportation that are in support of our retail business and so you take that portfolio and you put it together, you really have a very nice Mid-Atlantic Northeast presence. And then you add to that the Dominion field Service, Appalachian and aggregation business, those came together with the weather and really produced a very strong result. It was really accumulated a day at a time. I would not expect that to continue throughout the year. It's more function of the weather condition and the different basis relationships that set up. But it's a very strong result and one we're very pleased with.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Great. My second question sort of goes to sort of the book end comments at the beginning and the end around economic outlook as it pertains to earnings outlook. Would it be fair to summarize those comments as saying that should 2011 commodity prices not recover to what we all believe they should, that there are offsetting factors that would mitigate that impact on your ability to meet your long-term earnings growth goal but not fully offset it. Is that fair?
Paul Koonce: I don't know about the last part about fully offsetting it. Not one particular factor would fully offset it but the combination of factors well could. My estimate in terms of this we continue to and we're assuming that Greg that the commodity prices are tied to a level of the economy. That's not the only part of that equation. Some of it is actually supply which we think is going to be diminished here in the next couple of years. But between interest rates and O&M and other opportunities we have I think that we feel pretty comfortable that we could take away at least half, if not, three-quarters of that, just from natural offsets and we saw that in the first quarter where we had a very low interest cost on short term borrowings and we expected till the economy covers that short term rates will stay low and they will continue to be stimulus. But cost of goods and services is falling and we're now in an ability to set what their prices are, whether then have them set for us and have to take prices. And we have some other O&M. We're on track, we've said that we would reduce our forward forecast. We had a 7% initial forecast for increase in O&M. We've reduced that to 2%. First quarter shows that we were within that bam. So I can't say 100%, but depending upon a movement in 2011 of say a dollar but a good bit of it we feel can be offset with some fairly related offsets.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Great. Final question. We saw the New England good operator meaningfully increase the reserve margin outlook recently. But the numbers looked like they're heavily dominated by demand response and some other things that are a little bit befuddling. I know that Mark has looked pretty closely at this situation, and have been skeptical of that demand response numbers. Can you comment on what's going on in New England and whether or not these reserve margins should be alarming to us.
Mark McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. Our view really hadn't change on demand response to New England. I think what's going to happen is there maybe a reprieve for a year or two based on the economy downturn in New England. But the demand response numbers where they are today, we think there is huge risk that they either will not show up or not be able to perform as expected and that will impact the market at a future date.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Okay. And even if they do show up, they are relatively high cost resources. Correct?
Mark McGettrick: They are, particularly the recent ones that have come out. So certainly we continue to watch this closely. I think it's pretty clear for the next couple of years based on capacity where we are. But I think again the economy has probably given them a reprieve for a year or two and we'll see what happen after that.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Thank you guys.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Pederson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Pederson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning and congratulations to Mr. Chewning as well.
Thomas Chewning: Thanks Paul.
Paul Pederson - Glenrock Associates: Just a sort of follow-up here a little bit with Greg's question. It sounds you guys are pretty bullish on 2010 in terms of an economic recovery. Can you give us a little of more flavor as sort of how bullish you guys are in terms of what you think, in terms of kind of recovery or is it just as you sort of indicated on the call that with your outlook on commodity prices and supply and demand that you are going to see a rebound here.
Thomas Farrell II: Paul, I'm not sure I would say we're super bullish. We do think and there are sort of two parts of it. Virginia has an unusual customer mix. When you have a government giving you on average 60% more revenues than industrial customers provide, that's an unusual thing. You see on that page in the earnings kit I think the governmental revenues were over $100 million in the first quarter. And that's pretty common actually. I mean, regular for us. Virginia unemployment rate is 7% and it's been that way for a couple of months now. So, so it's stabilized. You have all this base expansion going on. The Internet -- the military base expansion going on. You have the Internet traffic increasing. So we think Virginia's economy is going nowhere but up and how quickly and how far that remains to seen. But we certainly will be improving over the course of this year into next year and the year after that. We've already had approved $4 billion new capital program. That does include the new meter program that we're looking at, which would be another $600 million. So Virginia we think is in relatively good shape. Your specific question seemed to me was more around the gas price market and what will happen with there and it's impact of course on our electric revenues in New England one in particular. And as we come along here, we think gas prices will recover into that range. Now I'm not going to say in the first quarter of 2010, I don't know that. We'll be in the second quarter? I don't know that either. So while we shaped some more hedges in New England in this quarter to protect against a little bit smaller recovery in the first half of the year. But we do think 10 will be better than 9 and 11 will be better than 10, and that will be reflected in the commodity prices. I don't want to put a number around it.
Paul Pederson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Fair enough. Let me just ask you on the DDNA. With the sealing test that you guys had, how should we think about the impact in terms of the benefit to DDNA in 2009 or 2010. Just any flavor or sort of ballpark idea that where should we should think about with that?
Paul Koonce: Yeah, Paul, this is Paul Koonce. We expect that that DDNA benefit will be about $0.02 a share going forward, and that's within our guidance. So --
Thomas Farrell: That's an annual rate, Paul, for 2009 and smaller than that because we missed a quarter.
Paul Pederson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much. I guess first question would be on trading or producer services. It looks like you're ahead of your number that you were expecting for the entire year. So I think the annual guidance I think was probably 12 million improvement and it looks like you did 26 in the first quarter. Have you sort achieved the full amount that you think you are going to achieve for the year or would there be additional contribution?
Paul Koonce: Paul, this is Paul Koonce. The full year amount is about 40 and we're at about 26. So we have not exceeded the full year amount and we can't really predict when those dollars are going to come in. It's more a function of weather and basis relationships. And so we are off to a great start but that's all I would say about that.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Secondly, in terms of hedging, it looks like your Generation is mostly hedged, so in deciding potentially not to move forward with hedges. That would apply mostly I assume to the sale of the gas, the Appalachian gas. Would that be correct?
Unidentified Company Speaker: What year are you speaking about, Paul?
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: For 2010?
Unidentified Company Speaker: We're relatively well hedged in both areas and we'll consider -- we consider both of them, both areas as we look at all of it. So I mean we don't look at it. There was just look at Power by itself and let's look at E&P itself. We look at the whole deck of commodities at the same time.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: And I guess my last question is, I guess there were some sort of an EPA notice for of violation for Kincaid and State Line. Can you give us some indication as to what the ETA concern is there?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Paul, that was new source review, a violation that we received I guess a week or 10 days ago. We'll be meeting with ETA over the next 30 days or so to talk about the issues that are in there. At this point, it's a little unclear in terms of are they're aware of what our plans already are or at the station to address some of these or not. So we'll have better information probably on the second quarter call. It's just where we stand with that.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey thanks. Tom, congratulations. It's been a pleasure. I guess, the question for you guys on the Virginia rate case, now that you've filed. How do you think about pursuing potential settlement talks. You got an awful lot of cases there. Is your way to get to the universal settlement or given a time since the last case, do you think you need a full docket before you. Thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Dan, trail along (ph). I couldn't hear the very last part.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I just asked, do you need a full docket given the fact it's been so long since you had a rate case or this is an opportunity you think to settle and since your universal fashion in Virginia?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, we certainly will be open to a settlement, Dan if the other parties -- the parties that traditionally get involved in these things in the commonwealth which are the staff and the commission. And certainly they are going to want to analyze the case very carefully. The consumer counsel; that office is located in the attorney general's office. Our industrial customers usually intervene and I expect they will intervene in this and there will be others. But we're certainly open to it. We did resolve our fuel case last year, for example, which was a 18% increase. We resolved the Southwest Virginia coal plant case, the Virginia City hybrid matter was resolved with the return on equity etcetera. This is a little bit less parked here but the Bear Garden rider, the Transmission rider and the Virginia City rider relatively straight forward. Now there is an issue particularly on the Transmission rider that people will look at which is deferral that we had based on some earlier cost that we carried through the frozen rate period. So we're certainly open to it. But we're also going to make sure we get what we believe is appropriate level of reimbursement and equity returns based upon our performance and our peer utilities are earning. So if we can get it settled, we will certainly try to do that.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: If you were to pursue that route, what would be kind of the timing when we need to get -- we need to get staff and everybody on the dock head and you'd have a conversation point. Is it how we should look to this trench (ph)?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well it's certainly not going to happen in the next few weeks I can -- after that, I don't know. Probably -- it's very hard to judge, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And the other question I guess just philosophically on the hedge, no hedge decision, a lot of people in the past in this industry have made varying decisions on not hedging. They are being smarter than the forward curve. Can you just philosophically talk about the discipline you guys are going to use when you decide to hedge again and kind of what is the minimum level of exposure you're willing to have, current year, one year forward, two year forward.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, you can see, since our last call we added another 10% to the hedges at Millstone. I think we're now at about 50% hedged at Millstone and little bit higher that, the parts of the business. And we're going to watch it very carefully. We obviously hedged a little bit since the last call at a price that's lower than our expectation of what's going to happen in 2010. We did that because we're not gamblers. We're not going to sit there and just hope that things get better. We hedged a little bit just to protect against a little bit more downside. We shaped those though to make sure they were concentrated on the first six months of 2010. So we're watching very carefully. We weight that judgment almost on a constant basis. So, we don't want to go into 2010 where we are right now, but we'll have to see what the economic conditions are at the time.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, if you don't see any improvement in gas prices, you would stay this open for the rest of the year.
Unidentified Company Speaker: I'd rather not speculate on that right now, Dan. Its only April. May -- tomorrow's May, I guess. We'll se how we go through the summer or early fall.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Can you hear me?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yes, Jonathan. Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. My congratulations and good luck to Tom as well.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Dan actually asked the question that was the main question I was going to ask on how open you would be going into next year. But my related question to that is I'm just trying to gage what exactly you are saying about 2010 guidance. I noticed it was still in the back of the release. So, it didn't really appear in the front press release. And then you didn't reiterate your growth rate statement. And how should we think about that within the context of the -- what you've said about the natural gas outlook range of 6.75 to 7.25 and then the potential for offsets. Are you feeling less good about those numbers or you feel that -- and then that's why you've pushed the '010 guidance sort of off the front page of the release. So are we feeling that the offsets could still get you into that range?
Thomas Chewning: John, this is Tom Chewning. First, its not guidance with 2010, it's an outlook. As you know, if we felt that this outlook would change we're probably obligated to say so. We take no look at our sensitivity to our natural gas prices and it's about $0.15 for every dollar movement down or up for 2010 and we've also taken a look at some offsets which I mentioned earlier that we see. And, so we really haven't... our protocol is not going to be to affirm an outlook. You will not see it in a press release going forward. But if we should be negative on that outlook, we would be obligated to say so. So that's the reason you don't see it because we give it once a year and unless it changes we're not going to comment on it. But we constantly look at it to see whether or not we can feel that we don't need to change it. So, if you don't see a change then we still feel comfortable with it, but we're not commenting.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: The same goes for the statement of beyond 2010 on the 6% growth?
Thomas Chewning: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And could I just ask, there was a follow-up a little more as to around the GE decision on nuclear. Can you give us a little more into what were the kind of issues that you couldn't get resolved? Was it more pricing commitment or the nature of the product and where do you look into to have better result in this next go around with other potential suppliers?
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark. I can't talk in specifics about discussions for GE. But I think generally we've been upfront about what we're looking for in a partner, in a contract to build lucrative plan. That is a much higher level of price certainty and others have enabled to take a contract structure that there is significant risk sharing between the parties and affirm deliverable in terms of their design versus the timeframe that we need to move ahead. And we were just not able to get that with GE after much effort. And we hope that the other bidders in this process will be able to give us better clarity on that. So we have product that we feel for good for shareholders and our late payers that we can move ahead with.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I thought that Tom Farrell's regarding Tom Chewning and his instinctive integrity were spot on. That's a quality of less admired in the industry very much.
Thomas Farrell, II: Thank you.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: A question for Tom Farrell. I understood that you have a robust for you regarding the economic resilience of the State of Virginia. I didn't quite get the expectation for volume sales at the Dominion Virginia Power. If it were down I think on a weather adjusted basis 2.4% in the first quarter of the 2009 earnings guidance was predicated I believe on 1.5% weather adjusted growth, is that still the expectation for the year as a whole all or has that been brought down, but where do you stand now?
Thomas Farrell, II: Hugh, I'm glad you'd ask that question. This issue around the 1.5% sales growth has been sort of hanging around out there in the marketplace. And that's one of the reasons why we went into the details we did, that you see on the, I think its page 52 of the guidance kit; showing you the breakdown among our customer classes. Because the focus we think obviously you all have drawn your own conclusions. We think the focus should be on what's going on with the revenue growth and not necessarily our sales growth, although obviously sales growth contributes to the revenue growth. And the reason for that is because largely because of our customer mix. You see that our commercial sales growth actually increased first quarter of '09 over the first quarter of '08 which was a very robust quarter, first quarter of '08. The residential sales went down a little over 1%, but the revenues were actually flat. The big decrease on our percentage basis was in the industrial load, and the governmental was relatively flat. So, as you put together our rate structure and customers mix, a headline sales growth number is probably not the best, most informative thing to look at. We think it's important that you look at what's going on in the various customer classes. Now, all that said, I don't know that we will hit 1.5% growth as we exit the year. We do think that the market here has stabilized and that we will see growth from here. But you need to recognize that if we stayed where we are right now for the balance of the year at these levels that we're talking about $0.03 or $0.035 I think is the number. That would... we would have then lower earnings out of Virginia power in the balance of 2009. So, if we stay right where we are, this down 2.5% whatever the number was the highlights number. The balance of the year, we'll end up down 0.035, which is well within our guidance range. So, we don't have a concern about it. We don't think it ought to be the number people concentrate on, should take better, more of a look at what's going on in the revenue numbers.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Thomas Farrell, II: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Hi. Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Carrie.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: I just wanted to say Tom, it looks like you are going out on top because Carolina won, and you got a positive outlook on that go.
Thomas Chewning: I know it pains when you hear graduates that say that the first part of that. But I know as a security holder you are happy with second.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: So, I just again wanted to wish you and congratulate you. But I also wanted to just ask about financing plans for the rest of the year on the debt side, and what are you guys thinking about?
Thomas Farrell, II: Carrie, the plans haven't changed at all at this point from what we said in the January call. Of course, we've completed the equity offering that we, the mark the amount of equity we expected to raise from the market, the 250 million. The other 250 million that comes in from the drip and the automatic plans is tracking well after the first quarter. And so really that leaves the debt that we have talked and potentially some hybrids. And we're taking a close look at that. You can see the cash flow was extremely strong.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Yeah.
Thomas Farrell, II: In the first quarter, so we don't feel a need to rush out and do anything. We'll wait and see if that adjust our plans. But at this point we have changed the plan.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Do you have... I forgot from the first quarter just the split between VEPCO and healthcare, I mean obviously the hybrid would be at the healthcare by do you have a rough idea?
Thomas Farrell, II: Yeah. The financing at VEPCO is very light. And I think it's just one issue. It's I believe it's 500 million.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Okay, great. I did see, you guys have that cash flow slide from the foray, kind of laid out our cash flow expectations. That was in this packet, but I'm just assuming everything from the last package should be more or less intact?
Thomas Farrell, II: That is correct.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Thomas Farrell, II: Of course, like I said cash flow for the first quarter is very strong, FFO was strong, but working capital.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Yeah.
Thomas Farrell, II: Which is of course adds and flows was very strong as well.
Carrie Louis - Fidelity: Okay, great. All right, thanks for all the help.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, Carrie.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks.
Thomas Chewning: Yes, thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And I'd to personally thank my boss Tom Farrell for saying some of the nice things. He is certainly captain from then until today. So I'm very flattered by. And I'd like to thank all you people who gave me such a hard time on the previous earnings calls for being so nice as I exit. I would like to thank the many fan (ph), Dominion personnel and Investor Relations and throughout the company for their professionalism and hard work to produce their earnings call, particularly we want a single out Laura Kottkamp, who has co-led our IRR effort to the last several years. While we'll be moving in a few weeks to leave the company's important supplier diversity program, we wish her well in her new role at Dominion. Greg Snyder, who presently co-manages this group with Laura, will lead IRR going forward. In future calls there is an extremely interested Dominion shareholder. I'll be listening rather than participating. I have all confidence that I'll continue to hear positive news from Dominion in the quarters ahead or you can assured I'll call Mr. Farrell that day. Thank you again for being with us. Just a reminder that our Forms 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today and our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for July 31st. We wish you a pleasant spring. Good morning.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude this morning's conference. You may disconnect your lines. And enjoy your day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Director, IR Tom Chewning - CFO, EVP of Virginia Power Tom Farrell, II - Chairman, President and CEO Scott Hetzer - President  Dave Heacock - President and COO of Dominion Virginia Power Paul Koonce - EVP Mark McGettrick - EVP, President and COO, Generation of Virginia Power
Analysts: Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for patience in holding. We would like to welcome you to Dominian's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. We now have Mr. Tom Farrell, Dominian's Chief Executive Officer, and other members of management in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of management's prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I will now turn the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations.
Laura Kottkamp: Thanks, Lindsey. Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release, pages from our fourth quarter 2008 earnings release kit, or pages from our 2009 earnings guidance kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed discrete questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call in with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to guidance for the year ahead. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts, and view our fourth quarter 2008 earnings and 2009 guidance documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit and guidance kit. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Tom Chewning. Tom?
Tom Chewning: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. Let me review in short summary form, our result from 2008 before discussing 2009 and beyond. Tom Farrell will then give a strategic review of 2008 and a look ahead to 2009. Our business unit CEOs will discuss details of their 2009 EBIT forecast, after which our treasurer, Scott Hetzer, will outline financing activities that support our growth. We recorded both operating and GAAP earnings of $3.16 per share for the full year 2008. You may refer to schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release kit for a reconciliation of these earnings. As we have done throughout 2008, we made adjustments for such items, as weather and certain tax items that differed from our guidance. These adjustments provide a clear comparison of actual performance to our guidance. As seen on our schedule of these adjustments on Dominion's Investor Relations website under supplemental schedules. Unfavorable electric utility weather cost us $0.03 per share for the year and storm damage and service restoration also cost us $0.03 per share. Taxes compared to guidance were lower than expected, providing a benefit of $0.07 per share. Normalizing 2008 for these factors, we deal operating income of $3.15 per share, the top of their guidance range. Funds from operations were $3.2 billion, which exceeded the high-end of the range provided in our original guidance and we finished 2008 with $2.9 billion of available liquidity. We are pleased not only with the overall company financial results, but with the performance of each of our individual business units during 2008. You will hear specifics from the leaders of these units later in this call. Today, we introduced our 2009 operating earnings guidance within a range of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. The drivers and assumptions that support our guidance can be seen in our earnings guidance kit beginning on Page 6. Additionally, we are providing first quarter operating earnings guidance of $0.85 to $0.90 per share. Details on first quarter guidance begin on Page 23 of the earnings guidance kit. For the full-year 2009, revenue growth is expected through all of our regulated gas and electric business lines. This growth is expected to be augmented with the return to normal weather and lower service restoration expenses in our electric utility business. We also expect earnings growth in our merchant generation activities. Primarily as a result of expected return on planned assets, we estimate our pension and OPEB expenses will increase by $141 million on a pretax basis for 2009, as compared to our original 2009 outlook. This negative $0.12 per share impact is incorporated in our 2009 guidance range. In terms of cash contributions to our plant, even with the dramatic drop in asset values, all but one of the company's significant pension plans were fully funded at the end of the year, for the one that was not. No funding will be required in 2009 or 2010, even if there was a 0% return on planned assets in 2009. In order to offset some of the increased expenses related to pension and OPEB, we initiated certain cost saving measures in the form of reduced plan non-fuel O&M. Our 2009 guidance incorporates an approximate 5% reduction in non-fuel O&M. The reductions are proportionate to operating segment non-fuel O&M, and results are expected to be sustained beyond 2009. The planned reductions will not result in reduced safety or service reliability. As mentioned in our December 19 press release, we have reduced our 2009 financing requirements by $350 million. Approximately, $100 million was actually reduced capital spending in 2008, which we planned to finance in the capital markets in 2009. We have reduced the rate of capital spend in 2009 on North Anna project by $100 million. Maintenance CapEx has been trimmed by $65 million. The remaining $85 million of reduced capital spending is related to a reduced new connect forecast and a variety of discretionary items throughout the company. Our three-year capital expenditure plan, as detailed on Page 31 of our earnings guidance kit, stands at $4 billion for 2009, $3.6 billion for 2010, and $3.8 billion for 2011. We will issue sufficient equity to maintain our targeted credit metrics. You have heard us reference these targets often and they are FFO coverage of interest obligations of more than 3.6 times and FFO as a percentage of our total debt of more than 20%. Scott will provide additional detail later on the call regarding our financing plans. Looking to our 2010 operating earnings outlook, the $3.33 to $3.50 per share, you should expect continued earnings growth from our regulated businesses, driven primarily by returns from our electric generation and transmission projects that qualify for enhanced returns on equity. The outlook for our non regulated businesses is based on an average 2010 natural gas price of $6.75 to $7.25 per MMBtu. At our current hedge positions, our 2010 EPS sensitivity based on a $1 per MMBtu change in natural gas prices is approximately $0.16 per share. Industrial demand for natural gas has fallen with the overall economy and although demand is low and current production and storage levels are high, it is our belief that natural gas prices will strengthen sometime in 2010. The E&P companies have already reduced their rig count by 26% since August, which puts the rig count at its lowest level since May of 2005. Many of the developers of new sources of domestic gas supply have announced significant cutbacks in their CapEx. We expect that as the economy and demand recover and grow in tandem, lower production levels would also move gas prices upward in the out years. Accordingly, as the market develops, you can expect us to hedge at prices that support our 2010 outlook, thereby reducing our sensitivity as the year progresses.  This concludes my remarks. I will now pass the call over to Tom Farrell to discuss his review of 2008 and outlook for the years ahead. Tom?
Tom Farrell: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. While we realize that 2008 is old news, a number of our 2008 accomplishments provide an important foundation for 2009 and later years, despite the current economic downturn. 2008 was the first full year that we operated as a restructured company, with newly aligned business segments. We met or exceeded guidance in each quarter. Despite the milder than normal weather in 2008 and the challenges that the economy presented in the last quarter of the year, our business units performed extremely well. Safety records improved across the entire company. We connected approximately 37,000 new customers in our Virginia and North Carolina service territory. Our dividend increased 11% and in December, the Board again raised the quarterly dividend 11%, bringing the annual dividend rate for 2009 to $1.75 per share. Additionally, the board reconfirmed the dividend policy set in October of 2007 to achieve a 55% payout ratio by 2010. We continued to move Virginia toward energy independence. We finished construction on two of our three 150-megawatt peakers serving North of Virginia, with the last to be completed this summer. We began construction on our $1.8 billion Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. It remains on schedule and on budget. The project qualifies for 100-basis point adder to the base return on equity. We also completed both phases of our 264-megawatt West Virginia wind project, of which we own 50%, moving us closer to achieving Virginia's voluntary RPS goal. At Virginia Power, we successfully launched nine pilot programs targeted at conservation and announced an intended $600 million investment in smart meters. Just a few weeks ago, Virginia's governor proposed a bill that would enable capital spent on energy conservation, such as smart meters, to qualify for 200 basis point adder to the base return equity. The same premium enjoyed by investments in renewables, new nuclear and carbon capture compatible coal plants. With regard to electric transmission, in 2008, FERC approved nearly $900 million of new investment over the next two years that will earn 125 basis point to 150 basis point adders to our approved return on equity of 11.4%. This treatment helps ensure that needed transmission line, the most critical of which are our Meadowbrook-to-Loudoun and Carson-to-Suffolk line are cited and built in areas to relieve congested load. We plan to begin construction this quarter on each of these lines with in-service states in 2011. At Dominion Energy, we successfully litigated all the alleged safety issues and completed our Cove Point expansion. We will begin collecting revenue this quarter. Our rate case at Dominion, East Ohio was successfully settled, awarding us an 11.4% return on equity, as well as a straight fixed variable rate design that makes our revenues less weather and volume sensitive. The case also established riders for cost recovery for both our automated meter and pipeline infrastructure replacement programs. Now for 2009. In the current marketplace, the investors see few positives among the troubling news and widespread pressures on the economy. Our industry has been affected by many of those pressures; and while Dominion is not immune from the economy's downturn, there are several factors that position us to perform well in 2009 and the years following. Although growth in our service territory is slower than in recent years, the economic strength of our service area is a positive in this upcoming year, particularly when compared to many of our peers. Coupled with pre-approved investment in regulated projects, these factors provide fundamental strength, despite the increased pension and OPEB expenses, and temporarily lower commodity prices. The largest naval base in the world is located in the eastern part of our state. The Northern Virginia suburbs support the Federal government. New commentators have suggested that there will be a reduction in the size of that government over the next few years. Data centers in Northern Virginia house equipment that supports half of the nation's internet traffic, 14 of these are on the drawing board in the next five years, a load equivalent to adding over 130,000 new homes. This month alone, in January, we have had over 2500 new customer connects, in line with our expectation of about 30,000 new connects in 2009. Virginia's economy is not recession proof, but it is recession resistant. For example, in November, the Department of Labor reported on the U.S. cities with the lowest unemployment rates in the country. Washington, DC and its suburbs tied for first. The Virginia Beach region ranked third. The Richmond area tied for fifth. All of these large metropolitan areas are in our regulated electric service territory. It was reported on Tuesday that Virginia's unemployment rate is two full percentage points below the national average.  While our growth in the next 12 to 18 months will not be as robust as it has been in the past few years, we will continue to see growth. 90% of our growth capital expenditures planned for the next three years, it will be for regulated projects that receive established returns on equity. More than 50% of these projects will receive premiums on base ROEs and will face minimal regulatory lag. We have received fair regulatory treatment at both the State and Federal levels in the past and we expect to receive fair treatment going forward. As a result, regulated capital projects will continue to receive priority treatment in our spending plans. The capital reductions discussed by Tom Chewning, should have no adverse effect on our long-term earnings per share growth rate of 6% or more. Nor will these reductions in spending affect our safety standards or operating performance, or our obligation to serve customers. Virginia is supportive of our efforts to reduce our dependency on power needs from PJM, including our interest in constructing a third unit at North Anna. We recently announced that we would initiate a competitive selection process for the reactor design. While we plan to continue the process of obtaining a COL with GE's ESBWR design, a technology we continue to find attractive. We nonetheless are receptive to other vendors' proposals. If a change in design selection were to occur, we would discuss any schedule impacts with the NRC. We believe we are still well positioned to be among the first wave to receive DOE loan guarantee funding. It is our intent to establish the optimal risk sharing agreement between Dominion and its contractor before we file an application with our State Commission and embark on the construction of the third unit. We could not reach an appropriate risk sharing agreement with General Electric. In the interim, we will continue to keep all of our options open by moving forward and pursuing a COL and continuing with our federal loan guarantee application. By April 1 of this year, we will file our base rate case with the State Corporation Commission, the first of its kind in a decade. New rates will be in place by September 1, subject to final order of the commission.  Under Virginia law, unlike many other States, the rate cases are forward-looking. Taking into account our expected costs and rate-base additions throughout the rate period, these provisions are specifically intended to ensure that we capture our current expenses until our next rate case in 2011. We expect to obtain the modest rate relief we will seek. The business unit leaders will now discuss their 2008 performance and 2009 guidance. First to speak will be Dave Heacock, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Dominion Virginia Power.  
Dave Heacock: Thank you, Tom. For the full-year 2008, Dominion Virginia Power's EBIT normalized for weather and major storms, fell solidly within the original guidance range of $799 to $829 million. As we reflect back on 2008, I would like to highlight several noteworthy accomplishments that have set us up for excellent operational performance and earnings growth for 2009 and beyond. Our transmission and distribution employees had a breakthrough year in terms of safety performance. Lost day, restricted duty injuries, and vehicle accidents were at an all-time low. The year-end OSHA recordable incident rate, the number of incidents per 100 employees per year has declined to 1.8. This represents a 17% improvement from 2007. We are especially proud of this accomplishment, given the high level of major storm activity throughout our service territory, along with the adverse conditions we experienced, while providing mutual aid support to customers in Texas and Ohio in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike. We are pleased to report that we are seeing tangible results from investments we have made over the past two years to improve our customers' electric service reliability. Our average customer minutes out fell from 124 in 2007 to 120 in 2008. This is our best performance in distribution since 2001, a year in which we experienced unusually low storm activity. We will remain focused on investments in circuit reconditioning and tree trimming to ensure that our customers continue to realize future reliability improvements. In our electric transmission business, we secured three favorable rulings at the FERC that set us up to execute our growth strategy as we strive to create a more robust, reliable transmission grid in PJM. Two rulings mentioned on previous earnings calls allow for timely recovery of investments with premium returns. The most recent ruling received on December 31 of 2008 approved a wholesale charge to recover $153 million in RTO start-up and administrative costs that Dominion was unable to recover during their rate cap in Virginia. We successfully implemented nine demand side management programs, Tom mentioned earlier. These programs, coupled with our advanced metering infrastructure strategy, will transform the customer service experience and serve as a platform for future growth in the area of energy conservation. We have continued to see outstanding results in Dominion Retail, achieving 2008 EBIT of $134 million. In 2009, we expect Dominion Virginia Power to produce EBIT in the range of $822 million to $852 million, also shown on Page 9 of our earnings guidance kit. The midpoint of this full-year range is $68 million higher than that achieved in 2008. In our distribution business, EBIT growth was driven primarily by a return to normal weather and storm activity. Significant growth in our transmission business is driven by leveraging the favorable FERC regulation, with large investments in mandatory regional projects, such as the Meadowbrook-to-Loudoun 500 kV line, which are required to meet load growth. Additionally, we expect continued steady growth in Dominion Retail. Finally, looking to the first quarter of 2009, our projected EBIT is in the range of $217 million to $233 million as shown on Page 24 of the earnings guidance kit. I will now turn the call over to Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul Koonce: Thanks, Dave. Dominion Energy had excellent safety and financial performance in 2008. Our OSHA incident rate was down 11% and lost time restricted duty incidents reduced 30% versus 2007. Energy finished the year above its EBIT guidance range of $835 million to $883 million. Actual EBIT of $885 million represents growth of 20% over 2007. Our team worked more safely and we produced stronger earnings. Drivers for 2008 performance include, record gathered production volumes at Dominion Transmission and Dominion East Ohio and record byproduct revenues. Record natural gas production at our Appalachian E&P segment, as well as the benefit of VPP volumes that were higher in 2008 versus 2007. At E&P, we drilled 400 new wells and ended of the year with proved reserves of 1.17 Tcfe, achieving a reserve replacement ratio of 305% when excluding VPP volumes. While we were setting new records for drilling activity, the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection recognized Dominion E&P as the first place recipient for its drilling and reclamation program. We are very proud of this recognition and our excellent environmental stewardship. Finally, we drilled seven vertical Marcellus wells. We undertook this effort to prove up the value of our shale property, and we remained poised to pursue additional farm-out transactions when we achieve fair value. Turning to 2009, drivers for Energy will include new rates at Dominion East Ohio, the first since 1994. Commercial operations of the Cove Point expansion, this project completes four years of significant regulatory and construction activity and is due to commence full operations later this quarter. Commercial operations of the USA Storage Project is scheduled to begin service April 1, a 7% increase in E&P production, of which 82% is hedged at a price of $8.87 per MMBtu. Finally, during 2009, we will place riders into effect for both our automated meter installation and our pipeline infrastructure replacement programs at Dominion East Ohio. The result of these actions and our continued safe operations will produce full-year EBIT of 894 to $965 million. For the first quarter, we expect EBIT of 252 to $274 million. Longer term, we expect to receive FERC authorization on four of our previously announced gas transmission projects before year-end. The total growth capital spend on these projects is approximately $190 million. We continue to evaluate the timing and scope of the proposed Gateway and Keystone transmission projects. Gateway is a looping project of existing transmission facilities designed to improve access for Appalachian production to the interstate pipeline grid. Keystone will move Appalachian gas, including future production from the Marcellus Shale to East Coast markets. We will pursue these investments just as we have with all major infrastructure projects, when we have identified appropriate long-term commitments with credit quality shippers. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark McGettrick. Mark?
Mark McGettrick: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation produced 2008 EBIT of $2.2 billion. These results exceeded the high-end of our original guidance range by $112 million or 5%, and were better than 2007 by $640 million or 42%. The major drivers of growth for the year were higher margins at our Millstone, State Line and Fairless power stations, a return to full recovery of fuel in Virginia, and stronger wholesale and other utility margins. These results were achieved despite lower sales due to milder weather in our regulated business. Supporting these financial results were excellent operating performance by our nuclear fleet, with an annual capacity factor excluding planned refueling outages of 97.2%. In a regulated utility fossil fleet forced outage rate of 3.8%, the best on record. In addition to our financial results, there were a number of key items at Dominion Generation to report since our last call. First, Dominion Generation's safety performance continues to be excellent. Our 2008 OSHA recordable incident rates for our nuclear and fossil fleets came in at 0.17 and 0.78 respectively, both are company records. Second, earlier this week, we received a hearing examiners report on Bear Garden, our 580 megawatts combined cycle facility which qualifies for 100-basis point adder to our base ROE. The hearing examiner's report recognizes the robust evidence supporting the need for new capacity in Virginia and the strong benefits of our project, but disagrees with the technical bidding procedures used by the company as part of the application process. We will address these concerns directly with the commission as part of the normal approval process and expect to be issued a certificate later this quarter. Third, we completed our nuclear operate at our Millstone unit 3. We realized an increase of 72 megawatts in capacity in the fourth quarter and this station now represents over 2000 megawatts of Generation's total rated capacity. Fourth, we participated in the first two RGGI auctions for fleet in the Northeast and we are pleased to announce that we have obtained all of our estimated allowance requirements for 2009. Finally, on hedging, we increased our base load coal hedge position in the Northeast to 94% for 2009 and 55% for 2010 and captured good margins as we took advantage of declining coal prices. We also increased our Millstone hedge position for 2010 to 40%, at prices that support our 2010 growth targets. Looking to 2009 guidance, Dominion Generation is expected to contribute nearly 60% of the total operating segment earnings this year. As you can see on Page 11 of the earnings guidance kit, the midpoint of Dominion Generation's forecasted EBIT represents 7.8% growth to approximately $2.3 billion in 2009. Much of this projected growth is coming from our merchant generation business, which is expected to produce EBIT in a range of $1.3 billion, which is more than 18% growth over 2008. Major components of this merchant growth are higher realized capacity prices and energy volumes in the northeast, including one less refueling outage at Millstone. In addition, we expect to see regulated generation growth in our Virginia service territory to a return to normal weather, income from our new Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center and Bear Garden projects, along with sales growth over 2008 levels. For the first quarter, as you can see on Page 26 of the earnings guidance kit, Dominion Generation's EBIT contribution is expected between $541 million and $627 million. Dominion Generation has been able to produce consistently strong growth rates over the past several years and is positioned to continue that trend in 2009 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Scott Hetzer. Scott? 
Scott Hetzer: Thanks, Mark. I am pleased to report our financing needs, are much lighter this year than on the recent years. Primarily, the result of three factors; Strong cash flow, which includes the benefit of recovering a substantial portion of our deferred fuel costs; a reduction in capital expenditures; and a relatively small amount of debt maturities. Regarding equity issuance, our plan calls for $500 million this year and $400 million in 2010. Since we routinely raise approximately $250 million annually from our dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plans, we will only need to raise about $250 million of additional equity in the market this year and $150 million next year. Regarding debt, maturities for 2009 are $435 million, including $110 million of tax exempt debt that we expect to refinance in the tax exempt market. We also plan to raise approximately $1.6 billion in the capital markets to fund our growth plan this year and expect that $400 million of this will be raised at (inaudible). In order to facilitate our plans for raising capital over the next three years, we will be filing a shelf registration statement with the SEC later today to replace our prior shelf that expired last month. This shelf allows us to issue debt and equity in a variety of ways, including the ability to access the equity market on a daily basis, what is referred to as an after-market or doable program to sell common stock. I will now turn the call back to Tom Farrell.
Tom Farrell: We expect to manage through these current times by focusing on what we do best. Efficient, safe operations, with an eye on making strategic choices for the company that are in the best interest of our customers and investors. We have made important cuts in capital and significant reductions in O&M. Undoubtedly, 2009 is going to be a challenging environment for all companies, but we will manage what we can control and work to mitigate that which we cannot. In doing so, we will enter 2010 in the best possible position to enjoy a reviving economy. Lindsey, please open up the lines for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Capital. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Thank you, good morning. Very impressive earnings, I just have one question, and I understand that Virginia is in a way shielded from the current recession, that 1.5% growth in regulated electric load seems very optimistic. I mean we saw earnings and expectations from other companies, may be not from Virginia, but from other companies and they are significantly below that. I know that in 2008, especially in the fourth quarter, you had some weather impacts, but the sales were down 2%. If I could hear if that's totally weather related or not, that would help. What is the ROE that you're expecting to get roughly from the upcoming rate case in Virginia?
Tom Farrell: Angie, good morning.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: On the second part of your question, I'll not answer first. We're going to file in late March or by the first of April, and I think it's better for us to sort of keep our powder dry on that particular topic until we finalize the testimony, which it's almost finished, and file it so that the commission hears it or sees it first when we file though and learning about where we see things on an earnings call. With respect to the 1.5% revenue growth aspect in our service territory, this year, we've done a lot of analysis on this. We studied Virginia's trends very carefully. We have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country. You also heard that particularly in our service territory, our economy here is continuing along. There's lots of anecdotal evidence about that. The TARP program, the temporary TARP program is in the market looking for over 2 million square feet of office space in Northern Virginia. So we continue to see growth here and we feel confident. We've been in this business a long time and in this state of a long time and we have a lot of experience with the growth trends here.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay, and one more question regarding the utility. The reduction in O&M expenses, is it a cut in expenses, or is it a delay in maintenance of plans? 
Tom Chewning: Angie, that is intended to be a continuous beginning in 2009 throughout our plan horizon. Some of the reductions are coming in the areas of workforce management in terms of people, vacancies, over time in contractors and consultants, and other reductions coming in the areas of advertising, non-utility maintenance and so forth. But it's expected to carry through beyond 2009. In order to offset the pension, we did not reduce O&M to offset pension and OPEB expenses, our 2009 O&M would have been in the magnitude of 7% over 2008. These cuts enable to us to get it down to the 2% range.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions, Ma'am. Our next question comes from [Carrie St. Louis with Fidelity]. Ma'am, please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. 
Tom Chewning: Hi, [Carrie].
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to talk about the financial targets that you've reiterated. I appreciate you outlining that strategy. It seems like you're following slightly one another's targets pretty consistently. I'm just trying to get an understanding of maybe when we actually get closer to hitting them. So if I did my numbers correct, I looked at your year-end debt balance and it looked like you are adding about $1.2 billion in debt financing this year, which was the $1.6 billion less $400 million in refinancing. So I was coming out with like a year-end '09 debt balance of about $18.6 billion?
Scott Hetzer: [Carrie], this is Scott Hetzer. We have clearly not abandoned the goals at all. As Tom Chewning mentioned, we are reiterating those goals. When I talked about raising $1.6 billion this year, that's over and above the maturities, so the $435 million of maturities, $110 million of that in the tax-exempt market, the rest we would expect to refinance in a debt market. The $1.6 billion I referenced is capital markets activity and could easily include securities that have some equity credit. We are aware that those markets right now are not wide open, but we have been approached by a number of investors and of course a lot of bankers that have quite a bit of interest in structuring some sort of security with us that does have equity credit.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Well, how about I say it another way, then. So I looked at your cash flow forecast that you had in the guidance, as well, and you said, FFO this year was about $3.3 billion and it was looking like maybe next year it was running a bit higher. That does include those deferred fuel recovery, but maybe it's closer to $3.6 billion. Is that fair? That is just based on your cash flow chart on Page 30?
Scott Hetzer: Yes, it is, and when you make certain adjustments that are typically made by rating agencies, we show FFO to interest coverage certainly greater than four times. FFO to debt, in that 20% range and we expect to be over 20%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So if I do 3.6 and assume 20%, then I get about $18 billion of debt, so that's kind of the number that I should think about?
Scott Hetzer: Yes. Now, also, [Carrie], make sure when we talk about the additional debt that we'll be adding this year --.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Scott Hetzer: We're talking about $500 million of equity to support that.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Scott Hetzer: Some to be determined amount of equity credits from other issuance that may occur this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Scott Hetzer: Then of course the increase in the returned earnings balance, which is expected to be very healthy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Well, let me just ask you one more question then. So you are considering issuing these hybrid securities, I guess it would be a retail market issuance?
Scott Hetzer: I wouldn't limit it to the hybrids. The hybrid market has been completely closed. Maybe the retail market is open a little bit. I'm also including in that some sort of convertible security.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Scott Hetzer: We've had a number of our fundamental investors. I don't think that hedge funds would participate on a security like that right now, but we think that the fundamental investors would because they have been calling us on a regular basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Scott Hetzer: Asking us, if we would consider structuring something.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. All right, thank you so much.
Scott Hetzer: Thank you.
Tom Chewning: Thank you. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Banc of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America: Good morning, guys.
Tom Chewning: Good morning, Jon.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, on your new title, Banc of America.
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America:
 : In December, you said you were cutting CapEx by $350 million for 2009. I just want to understand what is actually changing and I think you said something on '08 coming in under target.
Tom Chewning: Right. Jonathan, first of all, on the '08 piece, of the $350 million reduction in financing requirements, about $100 million was realized through change in our 2008 forecast. You can see on the cash flow statement of Page 15 of the earnings release kit, that our CapEx amounted to about $3.5 billion. That compared to our original forecast of about 3.7. So actually, we did better than we forecasted in December. Most of that reduction is going to be realized in Dominion Generation, we expect. As it pertains to 2009, throughout the year we update our internal forecasts to reflect potential changes in the plan. When those changes become permanent, we disclose it to the financial community. But in the course of the year, there are a lot of puts and takes as we continue to develop our plan. So the reduction in financing requirements is really through a reduction relative to our interim internal plans and not a comparison to last year. It was really intended to describe a measure of how we're offsetting the hurts in our 2009 earnings guidance. So, unfortunately, looking at the two schedules, you can't go from point A to point B, it's relative to our internal forecasts in the latter part of the year.  
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America: Okay. That's helpful. So you did reduce it, but we never saw the higher number on paper.
Tom Chewning: More simply said, that's correct. 
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America: Okay. Secondly, I just want to clarify. What do you assume about the timing of the closing of the Peoples and Hope sale and is that a significant factor in the 2010 financing needs, or is that not assumed in the base financing picture?
Tom Farrell: We expect to close the sale in the late third, early fourth quarter of 2009. As far as 2010 is concerned, if we didn't close in 2009, we have to consider our financing plan in that light. But we at this point, as things have progressed, we are still on that schedule.
Tom Chewning: And the entire proceeds of that are expected to retire debt, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America: Okay. And then finally on Bear Garden, you referenced a technical issue. As we read that hearing examiner's report, and it seemed to be recommending that you reran the RFP, making it open to existing capacity, which hasn't been allowed in before. Presumably, if that is what the outcome was, it would actually take you while a longer do this, or do you just think that's not how this case is going to end?
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark McGettrick. We do not think that's how the case is going to end. This RFP was not dissimilar to the latest [met] RFPs in a way we are structured. So now we think the legislature was very clear in the law they passed a couple years ago that we need to have new facilities in the state owned by the utility and we will make that augment before the full commission as part of the normal process in the case. We are still very optimistic that we will have a certificate here in the next few months.
Jonathan Arnold - Banc of America: Okay, thanks a lot.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Citi Corporation.
Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Greg.
Tom Chewning: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation: Looking at the 2010 guidance versus the 2009 guidance, you guys actually gave a lot of disclosure in your guidance release, but if you could give us qualitatively the positive and negative drivers that you think gets you to sort of flat-to-up earnings, '10 versus '09. Are you assuming that [WEBCO] coming out the other end of this rate case will have higher or lower earnings power? I know that you've put incremental hedges in Dominion Generation, do you think that that allows the earnings power there to stay stable because our prices are still pretty backward dated and then are you adding a lot of earnings in other areas that might offset some of those pressures.
Tom Farrell: Greg, I'll answer the specific question about the rate case and then [Joe] will cover the other puts and takes of guidance. We do expect higher rates in Virginia that would go into effect in September, subject to reduction if the commission comes out with a different result than we expect. But as I said in my remarks, we will be seeking modest rate relief and we expect to receive it.
Joe O'Hare: Greg, as it relates to the rest of the plan, the growth in 2010 over 2009 is mainly going to be driven by our regulated businesses. I mean natural gas also, but mainly in Virginia with the rider projects, with the electric transmission projects, and any modest rate relief that we obtained. At the current commodity price deck and relative to our hedge position, we wouldn't expect dramatic growth in our non-regulated businesses, unless there was a significant lift on the price curve, so most of the earnings are really going to be driven by regulated businesses.
Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation: Okay. So to be clear, do you think that despite the fact that you're going in for a rate review and you, over the last several years have been earning above what the benchmark ROE would be? Your rate base has grown sufficiently to allow the net income and earnings per share in Virginia to be flat to up in '10 versus '09?
Tom Chewning: Greg, the short answer is yes, but with a little explanation. Past return on equity that may or may not have been earned at Virginia Power is not particularly relevant to the case going forward. Under the new rate regulation we have in Virginia, its forward-looking cast, it's not a backward cast. They look throughout the rate period to look at our reasonably anticipated costs. Simple example is, increase in the salaries under a union contract that lasts through the rate period. That will be taken into account, financing costs will be taken into account. What happened last year is what's happening this year, next year and the year after. It also includes the increases in our rate base in the forward cast. So, as we look toward new customer connects, the new meters, although there are a variety of activities that will be going on, what we have here is different than what you will see or experience with most of the other rate cases that will be going on and have been going on over the past year.
Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation: Right. So don't look at the forward test year, look at the rate base associated with that forward test year and assess the revenue requirement based on a forward cost of service, and use the return on capital calculations as articulated in the legislation.
Tom Chewning: Yes, and I would add, though, I wouldn't say test, forward test year, the test period. Our next rate case isn't until 2011.
Greg Gordon - Citi Corporation: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Tom Chewning: Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Well done this quarter.
Tom Farrell: Thank you. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to kind of delve little bit further into the 2010 earnings forecast. I simply measure the EPS growth from the midpoint of the '09 guidance range with the midpoint of the 2010 guidance range. It looks like we are expecting something like 5% growth. When I factor in the need to raise some $400 million of equity, it seems that we are probably going to have to deal with dilution on the share count of 1.5% to 2%. So that the overall net income growth for 2010 will probably have to be 6.5% to 7% to deliver the EPS target. We have heard from your comments this morning the unregulated side of the business is not expected contribute that much by way of earnings growth, which is reasonable in light of the fixed amount or fixed size of that fleet and the direction of dark spreads. It implies the 6.5% to 7% earnings growth will have to come from the regulated side of the business which is, I remember correctly is 55% or 60% of the total. The implication then is that the regulated side of the business is going to have to be growing its earnings in 2010 well into the double digits, maybe 13%, something like that. Is that feasible? It seems a very ambitious target to meet.
Tom Chewning: Hugh, I think to comment specifically on your percentage calculation. In addition to the base rates at Virginia Electric and Power Company, you have got generation rider projects that are earning premium return on equity, as well as electric transmission projects that are earning premiums over the ROE of 11.4% and we'll continue to have incremental gas transmission contributions, so taking to account the rider projects in addition to the base rate.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: The rider projects, give me another percentage point on some small increment of rate base. The bigger question, which I'd like you to address if you could is, can you really deliver net income growth in the range of 7% of half of your business that's regulated?
Tom Chewning: We believe so and one thing I didn't mention is, being that, rates are going to go into effect in September 2009, you'll have the benefit of a full-year of increased rates in 2010, so you really are adding two-thirds of the full increase in a calendar year.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Farrell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from [Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates]. Sir, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you guys doing?
Tom Farrell: Fine, Paul.
Unidentified Analyst: Just on a corporate and other, it seems to increase a lot in '09. And I went through the release, the earnings guidance; I wasn't completely clear as to what was driving that?
Joe O'Hare: Yes, [Paul], this is [Joe]. That's a tricky little question, but let me see if I can explain it. When we forecast corporate and other, what we do is to net the corporate eliminations against it and that's really offset in the interest expense that's also forecasted at the consolidated level, so it's kind of a puzzle. We forecast EBIT at the business unit level, but tax and interest at the consolidated level and some of the fallout shows up in corporate and other. So it's really a convention of budgeting zero on corporate eliminations and then having them reflected as the actuals occur throughout the year. You can actually see that quarter-to-quarter how corporate and other performed compared to the guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: So it's really a driver of what's happening in the other businesses that's driving that?
Joe O'Hare: Exactly.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Then, with respect to the generation, the $41 million for the year and about $31 million for the quarter, there was a loss that's one-time or is that associated with something that is mentioned about like the non-refundable issue for the generators and stuff? I just wondered if you just break out that a little bit more for us, as to what was going on there?
Joe O'Hare: General Electric contract adjustments, Mark, you want to speak to that?
Mark McGettrick: Yes, that's associated with some of the expenses we had with General Electric as part of the nuclear plant and we adjust those in the quarter.  
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I'm sorry. What happened there exactly?
Mark McGettrick: We made a decision to competitively bid that project and so under our accounting standards, we would say that we had to alter our treatment of what we had before under that contract. It doesn't mean that we won't wind up with GE, but it means that as plans changed, we took a charge to adjust that to having more or less an open position and being able to be open with other suppliers.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. How much of the $30 million was because of this?
Mark McGettrick: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear, [Paul].
Unidentified Analyst: I'm sorry. How much is that responsible for the charge in the quarter? It seemed to be bundled together with some tax items and some other things, when I read it in the release.
Tom Farrell: Hey, [Paul]. This is Tom Farrell. The GE-related write-offs, which was the contract termination and some prepaid that we had with GE, was well over half of that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Finally, it sounds like the [dribble] seems to be where you guys are oriented on the $250 million. Is that about right and that could happen any time during the year, or --.
Tom Farrell: It certainly is a good option. I noted we weren't the first to mention it. I guess FP&L mentioned it the other day, so kudos to them for being out before us. But it is certainly an attractive option, particularly when you do not have a large amount of equity to issue and you can take advantage as markets get firm and not have to put all your eggs in one basket.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. I really appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Tom Chewning: Thank you, [Paul].
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. There are no more questions. I will now turn the conference over to Tom Chewning for any closing remarks. Sir, please go ahead.
Tom Chewning: Thank you, Lindsey. Just a reminder that our Forms 10-K will be filed on or before February 26 with the SEC and our first quarter earnings release is scheduled for Thursday the April 30. We would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and wish you a safe winter.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Director of IR Thomas N. Chewning - EVP and CFO David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power Paul D. Koonce - EVP, CEO, Dominion Energy Mark F. McGettrick - EVP, President and CEO, Dominion Generation Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and CEO G. Scott Hetzer - Sr. VP, Treasurer of DRI and VP
Analysts: Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc John Kiani - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Tom Farrell, Dominion's Chief Executive Officer, and other members of management in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of management's prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question. I will now turn the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations.
Laura Kottkamp - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Lindy. Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's third earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our third quarter 2008 earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed discrete questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call in with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you, you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to fourth quarter 2008 guidance. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our third quarter 2008 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we're able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our CFO Tom Chewning, Tom.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Laura, and good morning everyone. We will begin our call today by reviewing third quarter results and fourth quarter operating earnings guidance. Each of our business unit heads will then review their third quarter performance and discuss what they've foresee for the fourth quarter. Our CEO Tom Farrell will conclude with updates on several strategic projects and regulatory matters as well as other timely items. We will be happy then to answer your questions following our remarks. Dominion recorded the operating earnings of $0.94 per share for the third quarter. $0.02 above the top end of our guidance range of $0.87 to 0.92 per share. GAAP earnings were $0.87 per share. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found under Schedule II of our earnings release kit. As we've done to the first two quarters of 2008, we made adjustments of such items as weather and non-recurring tax items. These adjustments provide a clear comparison of actual performance to our quarterly guidance. As seen on our schedule of these adjustments on Dominion's Investor Relations website under supplemental schedules, unfavorable electric utility weather cost us $0.01 per share in earnings while the actual tax rate compared to guidance helped us by $0.01 per share. Had we experienced utility weather and taxes as we expected for the third quarter, operating earnings would still have been $0.94 per share. For the fourth quarter, we expect operating earnings of $0.67 to $0.72 per share, a minimum increase of 25% in earnings per share over the fourth quarter of 2007. Drivers expected to compare favorably to 2007 include higher contributions from our merchant generation business, lower outage expenses at the utility generation business, higher contributions from the Company's gas distribution and gas transmission businesses, and higher margins from the Company's remaining E&P operations. Expected offsets include the absence of earnings from Peoples and Hope, lower contributions from the Company's producer services business, higher depreciation expenses at our electric utility, and higher interest expenses. Complete details of the Company's fourth quarter 2008 guidance can be found on pages 39 through 43 of Dominion's earnings release kit. We are confident that our operating earnings for the full 2008 year will fall within our guidance range of $3.10 to $3.15 per share. We are maintaining our 2009 outlook of $3.30 to $3.45 per share. Our hedging programs leave us with fairly minimal exposure to commodity prices next year. Anticipated increases in pension and other benefit cost along with higher interest rates put pressure on our potential to achieve upper half of this range. However, as within any organization, there are numerous opportunities to reduce expenses and to offset the potential negative impacts of these factors. As will be covered by Dave Heacock, electricity demand in Dominion service territory is still growing but at the lower rate then experienced over the last decade. Lower growth rate should not have a significant impact on earnings or capitals spend over the company's five year planning horizon. Many of you are already focusing on prospects for industry for 2010 and beyond. In addition to me the previously mentioned factors much concern has been voiced over the declining dark spreads in wholesale electric markets. These margins continue to improve from the lows in this summer. Mark McGettrick will cover our prospective on this issue in his remarks. Another consideration is the availability and cost of capital, while we believe that these markets will become more liquid and welcoming to investment grade utility in the month and years ahead. Dominion has developed alternative cases that reduce capital spending from those levels, we have previously forecasted. Without getting into specific project detail, our growth CapEx can be reduced by approximately 10% over the next 2 years and by 15% of our planned growth capital spin in the following three years without altering a 6% or more annual operating EPS growth target over the 2009 to 2013 period. These reduced capital spending levels would result in a lower rate of growth post 2013 unless Dominion found ways to replace delayed or postponed projects with other revenue producing assets. We will also look for ways to reduce maintenance CapEx that won't result in lowering our performance levels or increasing safety risk. Outside capital spending, we will need to find ways to come back to consequences for the potential of continuing declining commodity prices and higher defined benefit cost, if we are to achieve our targeted 6% or more annual operating EPS growth after 2009. On our January 2009 earnings call, we will provide detailed 2009 operating earnings guidance and outlook for our operating earnings for 2010 and updated forecast of our long term growth expectations. In the near term our strong liquidity position allows us alternatives to close our choppy capital markets for well into 2009. Available liquidity at the end of the quarter was $2.7 billion and currently stands at $3 billion. If you adjust for Lehman's commitments amounts would be $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion respectively. You can see this in the appendix of our earnings release kit beginning on page 52. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.85 billion of commercial paper outstanding. While we have been successful in placing our CP since the credit markets' turmoil began, at the beginning of this month we made a draw of $870 million on one of our credit facilities, in order to reduce the amount CP outstanding by approximately 15%. The amount of outstanding CP currently is $700 million, and we are pleased to report the market has recently shown signs of moving toward normal trading activity. Regarding maturities, we have $400 million at Dominion in mid-November, and $120 million at Virginia Power in late November. Additionally, Virginia Power has a $225 million security that can be put back to us in December. And given the current rate environment, we are planning to refinance that security. Accordingly, we have plans for both Dominion and Virginia Power to access the debt capital markets between now and the end of the year. However, given the current levels of spreads as well as the reduced liquidity in the market for any name, we are monitoring markets constantly, and will access the capital markets only when we perceive a window of opportunity. We are focused more on good execution, participation, and aftermarket trading than we are on absolute price levels. We also have two Virginia Power tax exempt [ph] securities totaling $122 million that we expect to be able to successfully re-finance prior to their maturity on December 1. Regarding equity needs, we do not foresee the need for any additional equity beyond that which we have previously disclosed. Our plan still includes $800 million of new equity next year, $200 million to $250 million of which is covered by our drift and direct stock purchase plans. $205 million of after-tax proceeds from our recent farm-out of Marcellus acreage further reduces this need. Even excluding any additional farm-outs of Marcellus acreage, that leaves approximately $350 million to $400 million of new equity issuance next year. For a company with a market cap over $20 billion, we believe that this is a very manageable number. Also as I mentioned earlier, depending on what course the markets take, we have the flexibility to reduce our growth capital spending plans substantially. We're certainly aware of the status of the credit markets, but with investors becoming more familiar and comfortable with our regulatory recovery system in Virginia, and the significant reduction in the company's risk profile over the last year, we are confident that there will be an opportunity issued for names such as Dominion and Virginia Power. In a worst case scenario, if we were to assume that we would have no external capital available for the company, other than that generated by our drift and stock purchase plans, we already have adequate liquidity through August of 2009 to meet all of our scheduled debt maturities, our projections of working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and dividends, and the possibility of increases in commodity prices and corresponding margin collateral associated with our hedging activity. Most companies have experienced some negative consequences of the melt down of the U.S. and global capital markets. Fortunately Dominion's sound business model and strong liquidity position have allowed us to navigate through this difficult period with minimal negative impacts. However, we continue to closely monitor the capital markets and have the flexibility to respond should these conditions continue, or worsen. Turning to our pension plans, our asset values have of course declined given recent market conditions. However, using best estimates as of this week, we're still fully funded on all our significant pension plans. Even if our pension assumptions deteriorated from current levels, the earliest we would be required to fund a contribution would be mid-2010. We will not know the final 2009 expansion expense until year end. We know all of the final assumptions, including the discount rate, which under current market conditions would be significantly higher, and would thus result in an offsetting reduction in pension expense. We currently expect, however, that the negative impact would be about $0.06 per share, which is already factored into our 2009 outlook. We will provide the pension expense assumption, along with all of the other relevant earnings drivers, on the January earnings call. This concludes my remarks. I will now pass the call on to Dave Heacock. Dave?
David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power: Thank you, Tom. Dominion Virginia Power produced third quarter EBIT of $179 million, which fell in the guidance range of $173 million to $189 million, as shown on page 33 of our earnings release kit. Weather-normalized EBIT for the quarter was in the upper half of the guidance range. This was despite enduring tropical Storm Hanna in early September. In our electric distribution and transmission businesses, we continued to see improvement on safety performance in the third quarter of 2008 as compared to 2007. Year-to-date OSHA recordable incident rates are down from 2.4 to 2.1. This is the number of incidents per 100 employees per year. We are very proud of this accomplishment, given the adverse conditions we faced in providing mutual aid in Texas and Ohio related to Hurricane Ike. We deployed 200 internal resources and 500 line and tree contractors to support Entergy, AEP, and CenterPoint in their restoration efforts. Despite the slowing economy in our regulated service territories, Dominion should continue to experience growth during our period of national economic downturn. Federal and military load remains strong and continues to grow. You should also recall that Northern Virginia is a national center for Internet activity. We have recently confirmed that a number of significant projects are proceeding that will add to our load group. In addition, we are still foreseeing approximately 40,000 gross new connects for 2008. Given the economy, we are keeping an eye on bad debt. Year-to-date bad debt charge offs to revenue are at 0.28%, the same level as one year ago. We are seeing some precursors that would indicate future upward pressure on bad debt, such as increasing number of bankruptcies and more customers in arrears. We will continue to monitor and analyze our arrears and bad debt and develop new strategies to help our customers proactively manage their accounts. We do not expect this to have any material impact. Looking to fourth quarter guidance, shown on page 40 of our earnings release kit, we expect to produce EBIT in the range of $192 million to $208 million. Our expectation, based on normal weather and storm activity, is higher than EBIT produced in the fourth quarter last year, primarily due to lower O&M expenses in our regulated transmission and distribution businesses. I'll now turn the call over Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy: Thanks, Dave. Energy's third quarter EBIT of $170 million was well above the high end of our guidance range of $128 million to $158 million, driven by improved margins across all of the energy segments. Dominion E&P was helped by strong prices, while Dominion Transmission and Dominion East Ohio experienced higher gathered volumes and strong natural gas liquid sales. Producer services performed better than forecast, due to opportunities that arose around our storage and transport positions, resulting from Hurricane Ike. And all segments exercised good O&M cost control. Also during the quarter we undertook several steps to improve our safety performance. We engaged DuPont safety systems to assess our safety culture, with a goal of achieving world class safety management. At our gas distribution operations, Dominion East Ohio Peoples and Hope, the number of OSHA incidents dropped to 15 versus 24 for the same quarter last year. Dominion Transmission reduced the number of incidents by 50% compared to last year's third quarter, and on a year-to-date basis our OSHA incident rate for all of energy is now at 2.46 versus 2.7 at the end of the second quarter. Operationally, we experienced a 9% quarter-over-quarter increase of industrial throughput at Dominion East Ohio, due to increased steel and refining operations in our service territory. We're also on pace to install over 350,000 automated meters by year-end. When this program is complete, it will significantly enhance customer service by eliminating the need for monthly estimated bills. We began installation last year and we've had excellent implementation to date. In fact, we installed over 51,000 units this quarter versus 25,000 third quarter last year. And during these challenging economic times, it's worth noting that since 2003, Dominion East Ohio has had in place a bad debt tracker that allows for 100% of uncollectible accounts to be recovered through an annual true-up. This feature eliminates all our need for an annual rate case filing simply to reflect changing economic circumstances throughout our service territory. At E&P, production is up 11% quarter-over-quarter, when excluding royalty interest production, and we've drilled a 114 new wells this quarter versus 84 wells for the same quarter last year. A number of projects are either under construction or in late stages of development at Dominion Transmission. Under construction this year are the USA storage project, the coke point terminal, and 150 miles of related transmission facilities. We have received a FERC certificate for our Hub 1 project, filed the application for our Rural Valley expansion, and we are preparing FERC applications for our Hub 2 and 3 projects, as well our pier modernization expansion. We continued our stoking work on Appalachian Gateway and concluded a successful open season on Keystone. We are now in discussions regarding proceeds [ph] agreements with potential subscribers for these two pipeline expansions. Looking to fourth quarter guidance, which you can view on page 41 of the earnings release kit, we project an EBIT range of $243 million to $269 million, the mid-point of which is an increase of approximately $41 million over fourth quarter 2007. We expect earnings to be up, due to implementation of new rates at Dominion East Ohio and continued strong gathered volumes. And year-over-year, we expect higher natural gas liquids margins and higher natural gas prices, as a result of our ongoing hedging activity. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark McGettrick. Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation produced strong third quarter results with EBIT of $799 million. These results were in the upper range of our guidance range, and $62 million above the third quarter of 2007. The major drivers of growth were stronger wholesale utility margins and higher margins at our Millstone, State Line, and Fairless power stations. These results were achieved despite lower sales due to milder than normal weather in our regulated business. Supporting these financial results were excellent operating performances by a regulated utility fossil fleet with an equivalent forced outage rate of 3%, the best on record, and a nuclear fleet capacity factor excluding planned refueling outages of 99.5%. In addition to our financial results, there were a number of other key items at Dominion Generation for the quarter. First, Generation's safety performance continues to be exceptional. Our OSHA reportable incident rate for our nuclear, and fossil and hydro operations came in at 0.35 and 0.70 respectively for the quarter. Second, we continued to make good progress on our wind expansion in the West Virginia, with an incremental 50 megawatts coming outline this fall, and our Indiana wind project, which will add 150 megawatts by early next year. Third, we participated in the first RGGI auction in September, and we're very pleased with the results. Although we do not plan on disclosing the number of allowances we received, the auction pricing results were consistent with our projections, towards the low end of the range, at approximately $3 per allowance. Finally, with regard to future coal prices, they continue to see a dramatic fall from summer highs, as we have been projecting. Today, forward Colombian coal prices for calendar year 2009, and 2010, are in the low to mid $80 per ton range, off a high of around $175 per ton, just 120 days ago. And Central App coal has fallen to $78 to $80 per ton for 2009 and 2010, off a high of around $150 per ton. Given this large drop in coal prices, dark spreads for both 2009 and 2010 continue to improve. Just over the last three weeks, dark spreads have improved by $5 per megawatt hour from Central App sources and $10 per megawatt hour from Columbian sources. As we have mentioned in the past, our dark spreads are fully hedged for the balance of 2008, 85 to 90% hedged for 2009, and almost 40% hedged for 2010, at good spreads. We have more than a year to lock in the remainder of our coal supply for 2010, and I look for us to start averaging in as coal prices continue to fall. We believe coal pricing in the 60 to $70 per ton range is a very reasonable out-year assumption. Looking to fourth quarter guidance, you can see on page 42 of our earnings guidance kit that we project an EBIT range of $389 million to $480 million, the midpoint of which is an increase of approximately $148 million over the fourth quarter of 2007. We expect the quarter's results to be driven by continuing strong margins in our merchant portfolio, and lower planned outage expenses at our utility generation business in Virginia. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I am thankful that in the midst of the seemingly endless unpleasant economic new we have all heard this quarter, Dominion achieved the positive resolution of a number of outstanding issues we discussed on our last call, and that we again met our operational and financial goals. Positive outcomes on pending cases and continued progress on specific projects at each of our business units will contribute to our short term earnings, and have positioned us for long-term growth. In Virginia, we continue to move forward on generating and transporting power into constrained areas. Notably this quarter, we received approval from FERC for premium returns on 11 vital transmission projects that total nearly $900 million. On four of those projects, including both our Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun and Carson-to-Suffolk lines, we will receive 150 basis point premium adder to our approved 11.4% return on equity. We will also receive 125 basis point premium to the allowed 11.4 return on equity on seven other projects. Both of the 500 kV Lines, which cost approximately $250 million each, are expected to be in service in the spring of 2011. Earlier this month, the State Corporation Commission gave its final approval to the Meadow Brook line, contingent upon approval by the commissions of West Virginia and Pennsylvania of segments in those states. West Virginia has already done so, and we expect a resolution in Pennsylvania soon. We are also awaiting final approval for our 580 megawatt Bear Garden combined-cycle facility, which will cost approximately $600 million. We expect the final order approving the plant early in 2009. We completed the evidentiary hearing and have already begun site preparation work. As specified by Virginia law, this plant qualifies for a 100 basic point premium adder to the return. On last quarter's call we mentioned that we had notified the Department of Energy of our upcoming loan application for a third unit at North Anna. In August, we filed that application as part of the ongoing process toward potential construction of a new reactor there. We expect that we will receive updates on the status of the application over the next several months. As you know, the entire process takes many years. While we have submitted this application on the federal level and completed several key steps in the process with the NRC, we have not yet submitted an application with the State Corporation Commission of Virginia. With both the design of the reactors still unfinished and the cost of overall project uncertain, we would not plan to seek final construction approval from the Commission until we have a better understanding of these variables and the viability of taking on such a large scale project for our customers and shareholders. We likely will, however, file in the near future for approval of pre-construction costs and the recovery of an enhanced return on our investment. Turning to Dominion Energy, two weeks ago the Ohio Public Utilities Commission approved an annual revenue increase of $37.5 million for Dominion East Ohio. This is the first base rate increase for our LDC in 14 years. The Commission approved an overall rate of return of 8.29%, which translates to an approximately 11% return on equity, as well as a straight fixed variable rate design. The Ohio PUC also approved riders for conservation programs, a five year authorization program to recover costs for a pipeline replacement program, and recovery of costs associated with automated meters. Last quarter, we announced that we had secured a buyer for our People's and Hope LDCs. The sale application was filed with regulators in Pennsylvania in September and in West Virginia this month. The 30 day regulatory waiting period, during which the FTC could intervene or object has expired without any FTC action. You will recall that it was the FTC's intervention which prevented us from concluding the sale to Equitable. We would expect this transaction to close no later than the end of the third quarter of next year. Moving now to our E&P operations. In September, we announced that we signed a new format arrangement with Antero as a result of their difficulty in obtaining follow-on financing. The revised sale of 114,000 acres, principally in Northern West Virginia and Southwestern Pennsylvania, resulted in the sales price of $347 million or $205 million after tax. We ultimately received the price of $3,037 per acre. Even with the recent announcements about reduced earnings for a number of major E&P players, we are finding that companies are still eager for a valuable scarce resource, such as our Marcellus acreage. Post the Antero farm-out, we still hold between 485,000 to 685,000 acres. We are continuing to pursue further transactions, and we will have more to say at the appropriate time. Finally, a follow-up on the cases surrounding Cove Point that we discussed with you in July. Earlier this month, FERC issued an order fully reauthorizing the Cove Point expansion project. There have been no delays, and we remain on schedule to complete the expansion by year end. This time last year, we were concluding a major strategic initiative to reposition Dominion. While we could not have foreseen the economic and financial turmoil that our country and our industry would be facing a year late, we feel our current business model has held us in good stead in this environment, and will continue to do so through all economic conditions. Operationally, we are performing very well. You heard from the heads of our business units about our operational strength this quarter, and their expectations of solid performance next quarter as well. In Virginia, our building program is working to address a very significant existing generation capacity deficit before we can even begin to address growth. Our regulatory model compensates us fairly for undertaking construction projects to help make Virginia energy independent. We do not foresee challenges in financing specific projects with no returns. For this reason, we do not expect any significant changes in the capital we have already committed to our major regulated building projects, such as Virginia City, which is underway or Bear Garden, where we have already begun site work. We also expect to complete all $900 million worth of electric transmission projects over the next two years, all with enhanced returns. I would like to spend a moment on the risk of regulatory lag and its potential impact on our earnings over the next few years. First, with respect to capital expenditures related to our growth projects in Virginia, including all $900 million of transmission upgrades, the $1.8 billion for the Virginia City hybrid energy center, and the $620 million for Bear Garden, there will be no regulatory lag. All of the projects will receive rider treatment, and we will recover the costs of construction as well as enhanced returns on all $3.3 billion through our rates, as the capital is expended. Second, with respect to base rates, under Virginia law, any proposed rate increase goes into effect 150 days after filing by the utility, subject to a final order of the commission. We will file for rate relief in the early spring of next year, and therefore our new rates will go into effect in the early fall of 2009, greatly reducing any potential for regulatory lag. In fact, reducing the risk of regulatory lag was the fundamental principal of Virginia's 2007 re-regulation law. Looking toward the end of the decade, we have the flexibility to delay some projects, particularly ones that do not have regulated rates of return. At the same time, we also know what value these projects bring to our shareholders over the long-term. We will continue to assess our options as we move ahead. Financially, even in spite of these constrained markets, we are well positioned for the next few years. As a strong investment grade company, we anticipate access to capital markets to finance our infrastructure growth projects. Last week, we reviewed our five year plan with our Board of Directors. At the conclusion of the meeting, the Board declared our fourth quarter dividend and re-confirmed the dividend policy they adopted last year: to sustain increases in 2009 and 2010 that will allow us to reach our 2010 targeted pay-out ratio of 55%. This policy should result in a greater than 10% increase in our dividend in 2009, starting in the first quarter. With the majority of our earnings generated from stable, regulated businesses, we are capable of continuing to pay a consistent increasing dividend. We are on target to achieve our 2008 earnings per share goal and to deliver our 2009 outlook. Although a number of factors do produce a headwind for 2010 and beyond, we have sufficient time to assess alternatives that help us achieve our long term operating earnings per share objectives. Dominion's management team is comfortable with our business model, and confident in our ability to be a superior performer in our sector in whatever marketplace environment lies ahead. Thank you and Lindsay, please open the lines for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Yes sir, thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Carrie St. Louis [ph] with Fidelity. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Carrie.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask a couple questions on the decision to draw on the bank line. I'm just curious. Obviously, the balance was high at the end of September. Was it an issue of pricing, just comfort with the market, how long do you intend to have the bank line drawn?
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: Carrie, good morning. This is Scott Hetzer. It was not a decision on pricing and it was not a decision based on not being able to sell CP. As Tom said, we have been successful selling commercial paper every day that we've been in the market selling it. It was in... and 1.8 billion, our balance at the end of third quarter is a balance that we're normally comfortable with, but certainly in these markets, following Lehman's bankruptcy and everything behind that, that was a number that we were not as comfortable with. So we made the decision early October to go ahead and draw and reduce the balances by about 50%, just to take some of that risk off the table. And that bank borrowing continues until we decide to pay it back, and we'll decide to pay it back when we feel comfortable with the markets.
Unidentified Analyst: You do have these maturities coming up, and I know you talked about wanting to access the markets when you thought there was a good window. Is your view that some of this draw might have been a bridge for that, or if you decided to not go into the term debt markets, would that mean that you either draw more on the bank line or use more CP?
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: Well, we've got the opportunity to do both, and certainly the CP markets feel much better today and than they did even at the beginning of October. We see them returning to nearly normal. So we do have that opportunity to ramp up CP, but we also expect to access the markets when they're available, if they are. As Tom said, if they're absolutely closed through the balance of the year, our alternative would be to draw on the bank lines.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Two quick last questions, I just wanted to understand... you talked about CapEx reductions. If you go ahead and cut CapEx, what I'm hoping you're going to say is that that wouldn't mean that you just don't issue equity, that if you cut your CapEx, you'll still issue equity, and you'll just reduce the amount of debt and equity financing needed by a consistent amount.
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: That is correct. If we cut CapEx, it would cut needs for all capital-raising.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, with the current credit situation, have you guys at all thought about... because you have been large CP users, and I expect you continue. Have you started to think about the fact that maybe a stronger balance sheet, kind of getting back to Tier I CP access would be a longer term goal or things haven't caused you to revisit that yet?
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: We, Carrie, we think what's going on the markets now is relatively temporary and have not adjusted our targeted credit ratings. We feel very good about the long-term access to the markets, both the long-term debt markets and the commercial paper markets, and our targeted credit ratios should position us well for that. We do not expect to get to a Tier I CP level.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: Thank you, Carrie.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, Miss Saint Louis. Our next question comes from Samuel Brothwell with Wachovia Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Just a question on your '09 guidance range, actually a couple. With respect to anticipated equity issuance next year, does your guidance incorporate that across the year, more towards backend loaded, towards the end of the year, the front of the year?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sam, we will never answer a question as to the timing of an equity offering.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: But you... I'm sorry.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We'll never give any answer to when we're going to issue equity, other than it'll be during 2009, but I think the sensitivity of when we issue it is not significant to our earnings range, because of the large number of shares that we already have outstanding.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, I appreciate that. The other thing I wanted ask to you is, given your hedge position on all your commodity exposure, how material a move in commodity prices... and I'm speaking specifically about natural gas... would it take to move you either up or down off your guidance range? Can you give us any sense of that?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The sensitivity to a dollar movement, natural gas at this point is about $0.05 per share up or down.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Okay, thank you very much.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, sir. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson [ph] with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead, sir.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Paul, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Just a couple quick questions. First question I have is with respect to the impairment on, the $50 million of impairment at the nuclear. What's causing that, and just elaborate a little bit more on that?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I'm going to give you the broad picture. The nuclear decommissioning trust, I believe, is what you're referring to. It's a cumulative number of 50 million for the year; it's 19 million for the quarter. We mark any unrealized gains and losses as special items in our nuclear fleet outside of regulation. The values of the securities held in those nuclear decommissioning trusts, specifically at Millstone and Kewaunee, went down. And so we marked it to that level. On any decline in market value or increase in market value in the nuclear decommissioning trust in Virginia, that is handled through a regulatory liability account, which exists now because that plan's so over-funded that we consider that to be an asset of the Virginia rate payer eventually. So that is the, they are not realized losses; it's a mark-to-market of the decommissioning trust at that time.
Unidentified Analyst: I get that. I guess what I'm wondering is, is that the term, the description is a permanent or non-temporary impairment?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Accounting phrase that, and it goes back... we can have a discussion offline about it, but it's a matter of if it was a temporary market blip, it's one thing, but in a condition where you've had such consecutive quarters of bad stock market performance, they can take a look at a security and fairly subjectively say this is not going to come back. So it's really a mark-to-market and the wording shouldn't distract you too much. It is really what the value decline was in the third quarter of those trusts that were outside regulation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay fair enough; that's all I was wondering. The second question I have is bigger picture. We're seeing some activity on the M&A front potentially here and I was wondering whether or not your stock has in some ways outperformed others out there with merchant generation exposure, the same kind of profile. Any thought about what you're seeing out there or potential opportunities or big picture idea about the change in the landscape and how... whether there any opportunities that might be coming up there, or...?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, excuse me. This is Tom Farrell. I appreciate your asking that question. When I became CEO, 2.5 years ago, I adopted a policy that we wouldn't comment on M&A in any manner or form, including how it's gone in the industry or what we may be thinking about or not thinking about. So, I understand the interest, but we have long had a policy of simply saying you'll have to ask some other CEO that question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, Mr. Patterson. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, and congratulations on the good quarter, and actually a good set of quarters since divesting the E&P business.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Hugh.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I had a question for Thomas Chewning, regarding the outlook for '09. You had mentioned, if I remember right, that it may be harder to achieve the upper end of your guidance range due to increased pension and interest expense. And if my notes serve me well, I believe you mentioned that perhaps a $0.06 increase in pension expense is a possibility in '09. Did you quantify what the potential increase in interest expense might be relative to the level on which you had based your guidance?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hugh, first I'd said that it's hard to achieve the upper half, whether in -
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Yeah. The upper half, correct.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And that is a distinction I'm sure somebody is going to pick up, so I'll reinforce it, anyway, but I am going to ask Scott Hetzer to answer the question on interest rates, specifically.
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: And Hugh, we haven't disclosed publicly what the impact might be to earnings, but I did scan your note this morning, and clearly we think that the impact is less than what you've estimated in your note this morning. We do expect, of course, what we've modeled in for the balance of 2008 and 2009 reflects current market conditions, and it still allows us to affirm guidance range for '09. Importantly, that which is funding our regulated businesses will be eventually recovered in rates, of course.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: One other point that come up in the research that led to the note we published this morning was the fact that Dominion, while it has a very strong pension position, has relatively weaker leverage and cash flow coverage ratios than other hybrid utilities of its size, and even many other regulated utilities. I guess my follow-on question would be, is that a situation that may have to change in the current credit environment, if you're to maintain the ratings that you have today? Will S&P and Moody's be putting pressure on you, perhaps, to strengthen the leverage ratios and cash flow coverage ratios under these conditions?
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: Well, a couple of things pertaining to that question: first off, we have met with all three rating agencies within the last 30 days, and all three seem very comfortable with where we are. Also, again, not having had the time to go through your note in great detail, but just scanning it, it looks like of course you were picking up second quarter debt balances, and our GAAP debt dropped almost four percentage points in this third quarter, driven by two things. One is an increase, a nice increase in retained earnings, and secondly, a dramatic change in the AOCI balance of 1.2 billion, strengthening the equity account. Also I suspect when you... if you're looking at weak credit ratios, I suspect you're picking up trailing 12 months and if you get... if you're picking up the quarter... in the last quarter of 2007, which had lot of accounting entries pertaining to the divestiture of the E&P operations, it really makes the analysis fairly meaningless. As we look at the cash that we produced for the first three quarters, which is over $3 billion, using funds from operations, we look at that as very strong, and puts us well on our way to achieve our targets for FFO for the year, and then as we model in three quarters of actual in the fourth quarter of pro forma, we see us very comfortable with where we'll be on our credit ratios at the end of the year.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Great, so no correction here in the capital structure of the company, in your view, is required?
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer of DRI and VP: No, we are well on our way to achieving goals that we had set a year ago.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: All right.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not only achieving those goals, but those goals are higher than the standards that the regulating agencies might even hold us to, so I don't want you to think that we are adopting a different standard here. Our coverage ratios are well over 4%, 4 times, and cash flow is good. And I appreciate your interest in that because that, indeed, is the real key factor, is FFO to interest and FFO debt, and we are doing quite well as we clear out some of the confusion of the sale last year. But as we look forward, and as this year has gone on, our coverages are excellent.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you very much.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Hugh.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, sir. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman, with Catapult Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, just wanted to clarify a couple things. First in, when you guys are giving your guidance, are you incorporating in there any expectation for additional Marcellus sales or not? That would be something that would be additive?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Steve, you've asked me this question couple times. And I think you tell me I have given you a different answer each time.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But may be the third time I'll get it straight. We do not have any Marcellus extra... additional Marcellus sales in the low end of our guidance range for next year. However, if we were to achieve the upper half of that range, there would certainly have to be some other Marcellus sales.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on the Peoples and Hope sale, what is the... is there any risk in that sale, in terms of the buyer having sufficient capital to close?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The buyer does have both sufficient commitments secured for both equity and debt.
Unidentified Analyst: So they already have their equity and debt commitments secured?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just so I understand your comments on your long term guidance, you are reiterating your 6% plus growth. You're saying there are some headwinds but you're developing plans to offset those headwinds?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And that's what we'll hear in January, is that -?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Kind of the summary?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thank you.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thanks for your questions, sir. Our next question comes from Danielle Sites [ph] with Sites Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering about the level of uncollectible accounts, and I was wondering at what level is that, and is it recoverable through regulatory channels?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I believe your question is about accounts receivable... l
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: ..whether they are recoverable. Dave Heacock and Paul Koonce?
David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power: Good morning. This is Dave Heacock. The number for the electric utility in Virginia is 0.28% of revenue; it's pretty much flat year-over-year. So we're not seeing a big change in that number as of yet. And right now, it's going to go into our future rate cases and will be recoverable as spreads it's socialized essentially over all our customers in the future.
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy: This is Paul Koonce, on the gas distribution side. At Dominion East Ohio, we have a tracker that recovers bad debt expense, and at Peoples have Hope, it's not material.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks a lot.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Danielle.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Miss Sites. Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning. You gave a sensitivity of a dollar moving nat gas as about a nickel of annual earnings. Is that contemplating your hedge position, or is that if you were naked?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that's contemplating, that's a 2009 number with our hedge position.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Since you first gave '09 guidance, nat gas has come off. What have been the offsets?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, there's all sort of offsets. I don't think we match one factor, negative with another positive, but we're so highly hedged that the movement has been very, very small. And that number has been updated to current numbers. So we're using current numbers, and if you take a look at the sensitivity, it hasn't really moved a whole lot since we originally gave that forecast. It's moved a lot up and then a lot down. But it's actually coming back very much close to where it was when we originally gave guidance.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I understand. Thank you very much.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Ridzon. Our next question comes from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: You recently acquired Cirro, a smaller retail electric provider in Texas. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color around just the strategy there, and how you think about or what you like about the retail electric provider business in Texas. And then more particularly, do you see Cirro as a platform for growth in that business in Texas and in general?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: John, the retail business at Dominion has grown over the last five years from $5 million in earnings to over $80 million in earnings, and it has largely been handled through very conservative hedging programs and low customer acquisition costs. And it has been concentrated in the Mid-Atlantic, Northeast, and Midwest. The largest electric retail market in the United States, and somebody told me it's in the world... I don't know if that's right or wrong... is in Texas. So we waited, and we've been watching Texas for that market for a long time and we waited until we saw some dislocation in it, and bought a small-ish company to put our toe in the water in that market. And will see how it goes. We are not in any hurry to expand it, but opportunities may present themselves over time, but that's not something we're going to concentrate on at the moment. We have plenty of other things on our plate.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Kiani. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I do, Lindsay, thank you. Just a reminder that our Forms 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today. And our fourth quarter earnings release is scheduled for Thursday, January 29, 2009. I'd like to thank everyone for joining this morning and wish you a pleasant, cool fall. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And please have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Director, IR Thomas N. Chewning - EVP and CFO David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power Paul D. Koonce - CEO, Transmission Mark F. McGettrick - President and CEO, Generation Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Paul Fremont - Jefferies Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Tom Farrell, Dominion's Chief Executive Officer, and other members of management in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of management's prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question. I will now turn the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations.
Laura Kottkamp - Director, Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's second quarter earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our second quarter 2008 earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed discreet questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you, you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to third quarter 2008 guidance. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and view our second quarter 2008 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax commonly referred to as EBIT. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we're able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Tom Chewning. Tom?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Laura, and good morning everyone. After I give you an overview of second quarter results and third quarter operating earnings guidance, each of our business unit heads will review second quarter performance and discuss what they foresee for the third quarter. Following that, our CEO, Tom Farrell, will comment on several key accomplishments and other items of current interest. We'll then be happy to answer your questions. Dominion recorded GAAP earnings of $0.51 per share and operating earnings of $0.50 per share for the second quarter of 2008. You will recall that in the first quarter we made adjustments for weather and certain tax items, which lowered our operating earnings about $0.03 per share. We made these adjustments to provide a clear comparison of actual performance to quarterly guidance. This morning, we'll do the same for the second quarter. Adjusting for weather help, storm damage and negative tax items results in operating income of $0.52 per share for the quarter, at the top end of our guidance range a $0.47 to $0.52 per share. As seen on our schedule of these adjustments on Dominion's Investor Relations website under supplemental schedules, electric utility weather added $0.01 per share to earnings as a result of cooling degree days that were above their historic average, but abnormally higher storm restoration expenses cost us $0.02 per share. Additionally, our consolidated effective income tax rate was higher than our guidance. The variance was driven primarily by certain state tax impacts. Had our effective tax rate been 37% as expected, earnings would have been higher by approximately $10 million or $0.02 a share. Looking ahead to the third quarter, Dominion expects operating earnings in the range of $0.87 to $0.92 per share. This compares to operating earnings of $0.86 per share in the third quarter of 2007. [inaudible] expected to compare favorably to 2007 include higher contributions from our merchant Generation business, growth in electric utility sales, higher volumes and realized prices for the company's remaining E&P operations and lower share count. Expected offsets include a return to normal weather in our electric utility service area, higher maintenance and depreciation expenses in our regulated electric and gas businesses, and certain state income tax legislation enacted in July of 2008. Completed tales of the company's third quarter 2008 guidance can be found on pages 39 through 46 of Dominion's earnings release kit. In consideration of our year-to-date operating earnings and our limited sensitivity to commodity price changes, we are comfortable in tightening our 2008 operating earnings guidance range from $3.05 to $3.15 per share to $3.10 to $3.15 per share. We are also raising our 2009 operating earnings outlook from $3.25 to $3.40 per share to $3.30 to $3.45 per share. This change reflects expected positive impacts of the sale of Marcellus Shale drilling rights and higher margins from our Generation business. During the last month we fielded a number of calls from investors inquiring about the Dominion's liquidity position. At the end of the second quarter, liquidity was $1.2 billion compared to $2.3 billion at the end of the first quarter. The primary reasons of this decrease was the rising commodity prices resulting and posting a more margin to support our hedges. We have just closed a $500 million, 364-day credit facility that was syndicated to a dozen of our relationship banks. This new facility combined with the decline in commodity prices since the end of the quarter raises current liquidity to $2.4 billion. Also, we've restructured the margin requirements on the vast majority of existing hedges to reduce the need to post additional margin should commodity prices rise from present levels. We are comfortable that our liquidity position is more than adequate, considering the number of hedge contracts we hold and the underlying margin requirements. This concludes my remarks. I will now pass the call on to Dave Heacock, President of Dominion Virginia Power. This is Dave's first call as Head of Dominion Virginia Power since taking over from Jay Johnson who left us in June to join General Dynamics. Dave?
David A. Heacock - President, Dominion Virginia Power: Thank you, Tom. Dominion Virginia Power produced second quarter EBIT of $165 million, just outside the guidance range of $166 million to $178 million as shown on page 33 of our earnings release kit. Severe storm activity drove up O&M expenses by $17 million. This hurt was partially offset by the Dominion Retail's positive financial performance. Our regular electric transmission and distribution businesses faced significant operating challenges in the second quarter. Statistics on lightening strikes, wind speeds and tornado activity confirm that portions of our services territory experienced unusually high levels of extreme weather. Transmission lines were torn down and distribution facilities sustained hurricane type damage in several areas. Northern Virginia was hit pretty particularly hard experiencing six severe storms in 17 days during June. Despite the extraordinary level of high risk situations our employees have exposed to during storm restoration, we continue to see improvement in our safety performance in the second quarter 2008 as compared to 2007. Year-to-date, those recordable incident rates are down from 2.4 to 1.8. This is the number of incidents for 100 employees per year. This quarter we announced our Virginia energy conservation plan, which is expected to produce sizable environmental benefits and cost savings to our customers. A key component of the plan is investment for approximately $600 million in smart grid technologies that will enable energy to be delivered more efficiently to our customers as well as provide improvements in service reliability. Looking to third quarter guidance shown on page 40 of our earnings release kit, we expect to produce EBIT in the range of $173 million to 188... $189 million. Our expectation is lower than the EBIT produced in the third quarter of last year, primarily due to return to normal weather and our O&M expenses attributable to target investments and reliability in the 2008 energy conservation demand side management pilot. I will now turn the call over Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Thanks, Dave. Energy’s second quarter EBIT of $150 million was toward the high end of our guidance of $137 million to $159 million, mainly driven higher natural gas liquids margins at Transmission and better than expected non-traditional sales at Dominion East Ohio. But we did not meet our margin expectations at producer services. This segment remains poised to capture low risk market opportunities related to its storage and transportation capacity. 2008 is setting up similar to last year for producer services, with most of the transportation of storage value realized during the transition from summer to winter season. Energy safety performance is not keeping pace with the general reduction in OSHA recordables we are seeing elsewhere at Dominion. This is our busiest summer ever at Transmission, EMP and Distribution, but even when adjusting for man-hours, OSHA incident rates are up. Year-to-date our OSHA incident rate is 2.7 versus 2.64 year-to-date 2007. While these are predominately first state incidents not resulting in lost term, we are nevertheless taking a number of steps to further highlight safety. Operationally, we experience a 10% quarter-over-quarter increase of industrial throughput at Dominion East Ohio, due to increased steel [ph] and refining operations in our service territory. We are also on pace of have installed over 350,000 automotive meters by year-end. When this program is complete, it will improve customer service and eliminate the need for estimated bills. We began installation last year, and we've had excellent implementation today. At E&P, production is at 14% quarter-over-quarter excluding royalty interest production, and we've drilled a 109 new wells this quarter versus a 103 wells for the same quarter of last year. As part of this year’s drilling program, we have drilled five verticals Marcellus wells in Pennsylvania with good success. These Marcellus wells were drilled in order to strengthen our view of the Marcellus Shale value. To this end, we are pleased with the previously announced sale of the drilling rights to a 2,500 foot interval on 205,000 acres in Appalachia to Antero Resources for $552 million. This interval includes the target for the Marcellus Shale production. As part of the E&P announcement with Antero, we are in the midst of an open season for Dominion Keystone, a 1 Bcf per day pipeline to move new Marcellus volumes from the base into markets along the eastern seaboard. A number of other projects are under construction or in late stages of development at Transmission. Under construction this summer are the USA storage project in the Cove Point terminal and related facilities. In addition to the two new LNG storage tanks and related vaporization equipment at Cove Point, the downstream portion of the expansion includes 162 miles of large diameter pipelines, 8 new or expanded compressor stations and 8 new storage wells. We're expecting a FERC certificate for our Hub I project any day now, and we are preparing FERC applications for our Hub II and Hub III projects and our pier modernization project. The pier project will enable Cove Point to receive the most modern and technologically-advanced ships in the world. The pier modernization project is expected to be completed in late 2011. We will require $50 million of new capital and it is fully subscribed by Statoil. During this quarter, we also held an open season for our Appalachian Gateway project, a combination of gathering, processing and mainland transmission that will increase our gathering capability by 50%, processing capability by 25%, and firm transportation by up to 500 million per day. The capital cost of Appalachia Gateway is expected to be in the $600 million to $800 million range. We expect to execute binding precedent agreements with producers before the end of the third quarter. Looking at third quarter guidance, which you can view on page 41 of the earnings release kit, we project an EBIT range of $128 million to $158 million, the midpoint of which is an increase of approximately $14 million or an 11% increase over third quarter of 2007. We expect earnings to be up due to natural gas liquids margins and higher natural gas prices, offset somewhat by higher O&M and higher DD&A. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark McGettrick. Mark?
Mark F. McGettrick - EVP and President and COO, Generation: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation produced strong second quarter results with earnings before interest and taxes, EBIT, of $397 million. These results were $12 million better or 3% above the high end of our guidance range and $195 million above the second quarter of 2007. Even removing the positive effects of above normal weather in our utility service area, Generation results would still be at the top of our guidance range. The major drivers of these results were, the return to full recovery of fuel in Virginia, stronger wholesale revenues and other margins in our regulative utility service territory, and increased margins at our merchant fleet. Operational performance for our utility fossil fleet was excellent with the lowest second quarter equivalent forced outage rate in three years at 5%. Our nuclear performance was mixed with a 97.3% capacity factor excluding refueling outages and a record-setting planned refueling outage at Surry Unit 2. However, our nuclear merchant fleet's planned outages ran 12 days longer than anticipated. We're very pleased that even with these extended outage days we were able to exceed our earnings guidance range. In addition to our financial results, I would like to discuss four other key items impacting Generation business since our last call. First, Generation safety performance continues to be excellent with our second quarter 2008 OSHA recordable incident rate for our nuclear, fossil and hydro operations coming in at 0.24 and 0.79 respectively. Our Millstone and Surry stations were recertified to voluntary protection program star status and remain the only fully certified fleet in the industry. Second, new hedging disclosure for our merchant fleet. As you can see on page 48 of our earnings release kit, we have increased our North East base load hedge percentages in 2009 to approximately 90%, which reflects an average hedge price of $80. We have also disclosed for the first time our base load average hedge pricing for 2010 with the North East at $80 and PJM at about $56 per megawatt hour. With our merchant fleet almost completely hedged in 2008 and 2009, we have little exposure to near-term dark spread reductions. Third, our growth plans produced the addition of over 550 megawatts of new generation in our regulated emergent fleets, bringing our entire fleet capability up to approximately 27,000 megawatts. Additions in our merchant fleet include 82 megawatts of new wind production added as our share of the net [ph] power joint venture in West Virginia, and 60 megawatts added our… at our Fairless Energy Facility in Pennsylvania. Fourth, we returned our last two units to operation at our Salem Harbor facility in Massachusetts earlier this month. This completes the restoration of over 700 megawatts to the grid following their fourth outage in November 2007. Finally, looking to third quarter guidance, you can see on page 42 of our earning guidance kit that we project an EBIT range of $745 million to $818 million, the mid point of which is an increase of approximately $45 million or 6% over the third quarter of 2007. We expect the quarter’s results to be driven by continued strong growth in regulate electric sales and wholesale revenues in our utility fleet, and continuous growth in margins in our merchant portfolio, partially offset by our return to normal weather in Virginia. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. We had an extremely active second quarter in carrying out our strategic plans. In our first quarter call, I reviewed a number of significant state and FERC regulated projects that were awaiting regulatory actions. I am pleased to report to you today that most of those approvals have now been received. As important as individual projects are in their own right, the role in collectively positioning us to achieve our overall growth in operating earnings per share of at least 6% annually is equally as important. We keep a very close eye on meeting the targets in the growth plan we outlined for you fairly last fall. Today, I will give you an update on the substantial progress we made during the second quarter, and what lies ahead. As you know, we faced a projected shortfall of 4000 megawatts in our regulated Virginia service territory. We continue to work to bring new generation in transmission capacity into service as economically and quickly as possible. New transmission lines to transport the additional megawatts and maintain reliability within the congested areas of our state are vital. These lines are not always easy to sight or construct. We are pursuing about a dozen projects in Virginia, two of which are new 500-kV lines. I am pleased to report that since our last call the Virginia State Corporation Commission Hearing Examiner has recommended approval above of those 500 kV lines. In May, the Carson to Suffolk line – in just this past Monday the key Meadowbrook to Loudoun line to serve the Washington DC suburbs. The Meadowbrook line is the final segment of alignment extends from Pennsylvania through West Virginia known as TrAILCo. Those two segments are still under regulatory review and the recommended approval in Virginia for the Meadowbrook line is condition on approvals in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, which are expected soon. Each of the Virginia 500 kV project is an approximately $250 million investment. We hope to have final SEC approvals this fall with in-service dates in 2011. In light of the challenges these projects and the others present, on July 1 we filed a request with FERC for an enhanced ROE of 125 to 150 basis points on 11 different transmission enhancement projects, beginning when each enters commercial operation. For our Meadowbrook to Loudoun and Carson to Suffolk lines, we have requested a 150 basis point adder to the 11.4% return previously authorized by FERC. We expect resolution of those requests, which are in line with other rulings by FERC by the end of the year. Notably in late June, we received the air permit necessary to begin construction of the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. We began work on the facility immediately. The plant will bring nearly 600 megawatts online upon its completion in 2012. The start date allowed to us to avoid any significant cost increase in our construction contract, and we will not need any regulatory relief due to the delay. Predictably, several environmental groups have filed appeals of both the SEC approval and of the air permit. Under Virginia law it’s a General Rule. The actions of state agencies can only be overturned if they are found to be arbitrary and capricious. That is an extraordinary burden to overcome. Construction continues and will continue apace. Also during the quarter, we brought 400 new megawatts online in Virginia. Our gas fired Ladysmith units 3 and 4 added 300 megawatts to the fleet and at four of our gas fired plants we completed upgrades that provided another 100 megawatts to our service territory. Also in the quarter, we began construction on Ladysmith 5, which will add 150 megawatts next summer. During the second quarter we also received notice that the hearing for our 580 megawatts Bear Garden combined-cycle facility will begin on September 30. That plant has an estimated in-service date of 2011. Also in June, we reached a settlement of our fuel case with the SEC staff, the Office of Consumer Counsel and many other interveners. The SEC approved this settlement and the new rates became effective July 1. In light of the steep increase in commodity prices, we are deferring as a regulatory asset a portion of the fuel increase to lessen the impact on our customers. Additionally in the second quarter, we notified the Department of Energy that we would file a loan guarantee application for a third nuclear reactor at North Anna,. The deadline for filing part one of the application is the end of September and we will be filing it in the near future. This is one more step in a multi-year process. Our next step include obtaining the DOE loan guarantee, negotiating an EPC agreement and seeking State Corporation Commission’s approval. Let me emphasize that we will not take on any undue risk for our customers or debt and equity investors. On a different note, a comment on the Court of Appeals ruling that they’ll return to care. We have completed our evaluation of the potential outcomes of this position. We do not expect any impact on our future earnings outlook. As we have mentioned in the past, future sales of excess mission have not been included in our guidance or presumed in our forecast of annual growth and operating earnings of 6% or more annually. Dominion has always been proactive in our approach to environmental compliance, but you can expect us to proceed cautiously both on our regulated and merchant fleet until we are certain of the new mandates. We are focused on executing our bill plan to meet the growing demand for power through new plants, operates on existing plants and new transmission lines. But we recognized that better technology in our system and demand-side management programs for consumers can help produce the overall amount of electricity consumed. It is the reason we announced the significant energy conservation plan, which Dave Heacock spoke about earlier. We expect the powerful approval of that program by early next year. We are also working to reach a settlement with interveners in the Ohio Public Service Commission staff for new rates at Dominion East Ohio. This will be the first rate base… base… this will be the first base rate increase at that LDC in over 14 years. The only unresolved issue is rate design. The Ohio staff supports a straight fixed variable design, the consumer advocate supports a decoupling design. We can support either, so we are working hard to bridge this philosophical divide and place new rates into effect. The sales process for Peoples and Hope concluded at the beginning of this month. We have a new buyer for these properties and we expect that this approval process will not face the same challenges as the last sale. We except to close by this time next year. Many of you have wondered when you should expect additional announcements about our remaining Marcellus acreage in Appalachian, which after the Antero farm-out constitutes between 400,000 and 600,000 remaining acres. While we do not have a set timetable, we are exploring other similar transactions in the region. We continue to receive unsolicited calls of interest for similar transactions, and we are being deliberate as we engage third parties. You can be sure though that we are continuing to explore ways to realize value for our shareholders. We are keeping our options open including additional farm-outs, retaining some acreage or partnering. We will have more to say on this issue certainly before the end of the year. Lastly, I would like to discuss the recent court case involving Co-Point. Last week, the DC Court of Appeals issued its decision on Washington Gas Light’s appeal of FERC order approving our expansion project. This project enlarges our terminal and our escalated pipeline in natural gas storage facilities on both the Co-Point and Dominion Transmission systems. WGL had argued at FERC that re-gasified L&G from Co-Point had caused leaks in its distribution system and the… that the expansion project might increase the problem. FERC disagreed and found that the leaks resulted from the improper manner in which WGL, Washington Gas Light, had installed its couplings. Court of appeals upheld FERC on that at key issue that WGL is responsible for the defects. However, the court did remand the case to FERC to better explain its conclusion that the project will not pose a safety hazard. We expect FERC to act to quickly to address this very narrow issue. On Monday we file a motion to expedite resolution of the case. FERC has already given notice of a technical conference to be held next week on August 6. Washington Gas Light itself has stated repeatedly that its system is ready to receive L&G safely. We expect FERC to proceed in a manner that will enable the expansion to be implemented as previously planned during the fourth quarter of this year. We remain focused on our efforts to achieve annual operating earnings per share growth of 6% or more as well as achieving a 2010 dividend pay-out ratio of 55%. To do so, we will continue to invest in infrastructure that enables our operations to serve our customers optimum levels today and in the future. You will see us working to address the shortage of power we face in both our regulated and merchant markets through new-build, up rates and demand side management programs. We are pleased that since we restructured Dominion nearly one year ago, we have consistently demonstrated that we can achieve predictable results and deliver on our forecast. This success and the continued execution of our business plans in both our regulated and unregulated markets now permit us to raise the lower end of this year's guidance and increase our forecasted earning range for 2009 as Tom Chewning said a few minutes ago. I look forward to updating you on our continued execution of our plans during our third quarter call in October. With that, we will turn the call over for questions. Lindsey, we are ready to go. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operators Instructions]. Our first question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. Sir, please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you very much. With respect to the change in guidance next year, you guys have said that it relates to Marcellus. Should we assume that it includes some disposition of the remaining properties or is the $0.05 revision related only to the Antero sale?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, it’s Tom Chewning. In – I don’t want to isolate that one factor too much. We do have a range of Marcellus from where we are now to a greater amount, but we also have some other changes that go plus and minus. So the answer is we have many assumptions and we have a low end of the Marcellus assumption and a high end. Obviously, when you start to pick a new number for the low end you get real serious because you want to make sure you don't go below that and the upper end would indicate probably and logically that there would be more Marcellus Shales.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: And as a follow-up on the Marcellus, when would... you’ve got a royalty interest range that I guess is part of your arrangement with Antero. When would you expect to begin to receive payment under those wells or under that royalty arrangement?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Paul, this is Paul Koonce. The agreement has been reached. Antero is going through and doing a bit of due diligence. We expect that transaction to close in September. Antero is making plans to move rigs into the areas. So they will begin drilling we believe immediately, and as soon as they begin production we will begin receiving the proceeds on the royalty portion.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: So would that be in '09 or '10 or-?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Certainly, we expect that we’ll begin receiving proceeds as early as '09 and that's going to be a function of how quickly Antero gets their equipment and manpower onsite and comment drilling, which again we believe is going to be before the end of this year.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. [Operator Instruction]. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Jon
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I had a couple of thing. You obviously disclosed hedging on the Generation portfolio for 2010, and I believe what you doing is just disclosing the hedged position, but that… it wasn't necessarily entered into during the second quarter. Could you confirm that that is accurate and then maybe comment a bit on what kind of time frame… when you… when those hedges were put on and how you related to where market is today?
Mark F. McGettrick - EVP and President and COO, Generation: Jonathan, it's Mark McGettrick. The hedge percentage I quoted was the actual percentages where we stand today. If you look at it versus the pervious tables, we have increased our hedge percentages at Millstone in '09 by about 6% and at the Northeast coal units about 9% in '09 and about 8% in 2010 from our pervious disclosure, all in the second quarter.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. But the 2010 hedges, where you’re giving us pricing for the first time, that was… I guess we have the historical percentages, it is about... in former disclosure?
Mark F. McGettrick - EVP and President and COO, Generation: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I just have one thing on… when I look at the quarter you have… you seem to have missed the contracted EBITDA number, I guess largely [inaudible] and you mentioned that you would run over on your outaged, thinking about what just mainly the factor. But then within Generation that seem to offset by a really big upside versus guidance at the other line right below DD&A, it’s on page 35. Can you explain what on that... in the utility that was not in any of those specific categories?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jonathan. First, you’re right, on the [inaudible] assets our Millstone outage ran over, so that’s why we are outside at the lower end of that range there. In terms of the other category in Virginia, that's a combination of areas. It includes FTR’s ancillaries and capacity expenses that were all favorable to our guidance range. We saw a high degree of congestion in our region during the quarter, and we also had our units operated at a fairly high level in respond to ancillary service revenues. So that was much higher than what we anticipated in our original guidance when put it out a quarter ago.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. And just one other thing related to Marcellus site, I know some of the other players have been having issues related to water permits and the like. Can you just help us understand where you stand on that issue and anything to think about there in terms of timing around getting this moving?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Yes. This is Paul. We have drilled fast vertical Marcellus wells. They don't require quite the same degree of water that a horizontal well requires. We've had these discussions with Antero. They've got some new thoughts about how they're going to deal with water, which we think are very creative, and we're looking forward to working with them in the basin to bring about adequate water. We don't see it as an issue, certainly not in West Virginia and certainly not in the Pennsylvania areas where this acreage is involved. So, we don't see it as an issue, they don't see it as an issue, and as I said we're looking forward to there getting equipment on the ground so that we can help them get their drilling started.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Can you give a bit more color on what you mean by creative ways of handling water, and how critical is the success of that… of what you just said?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: I think I would refer you to Antero. It's their technology and their work process, and I think it's probably best that you pursue that question with them.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on the issue of liquidity in the quarter. I'm looking at your cash flow statement for the second quarter, and I notice that the net cash provided by operating activities of 528 is actually lower than the net cash you're generated in the first quarter of 551, seemingly implying that second quarter did not contribute to net cash?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think that if you take a look before working capital changes, that's not true. When we take a look at three large working capital items to of which deal with margin requirements, which were posted, which obviously drew down some of our liquidity, also we had tax payments related… state and federal tax payments related to the… some of the sale of their properties from last year that weren’t made to that quarter. And I think third, we... you’ve got to help me here… deferred fuel was… our agreement last year on our fuel cost was to cap the amount of the recovery of the ‘07 fuel factor. And so… in fact you're right that it didn't produce as much as when you consider those items that our normal operations did produce.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Yes… no, I appreciate that and I appreciate these three large items, I just wanted to make sure that I understood exactly what's going on. And let me just please… let me just quickly tell you what I think has happened and perhaps you can just me correct if I’m wrong. I understand on the margin deposit and liabilities, let’s see, about $590 million, this was your forward sale of electricity at prices below market. As the market price rose the valuable of that obligation rose and you had to put up margin and that ate cash there, is the right?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It’s total electric and gas. Yes, it's held positions. I wouldn't say they were contracts with third parties, but they were market contracts. It's our normal mark-to-market--.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: In a rising environment where gas prices and power prices are going up and your position is becoming more and more expensive to fulfill.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is, however I think if you’ve noticed in our remarks about our liquidity, at this point we’re back to $2.4 billion in liquidity as of yesterday afternoon, which shows the impact of the new credit facility, but also over $0.5 billion has come back to us from declining positions. In addition of that, the two other points you just... I can tell you that the thing that I would lose most sleep over is if I didn't think we had an appropriate liquidity position. But in addition to the markets coming down and additional facility, we've changed the underlying margin requirements under most of our contracts. So if prices go up again, we are not compelled to put up as much over margin requirement as we did on those contracts before.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, that's good. The deferred fuel is just incomplete recovery of your power generation costs in Virginia?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the fuel costs are because we had an agreement last year, I believe we were limited to 4.5%... 4% recovery during the year. So that shows up and will continue to show up until we collect it in the future.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: And you had a nice positive inflow from deferred income taxes equal to almost a third of your net income. Is this something that you would expect to be a continuing positive flow of cash for you at more or less this rate or is there anything about the first half that's that normal?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, this is Tom Farrell. That levels that we experienced in the first half of the year was probably a little bit higher than what we would experience going forward, but we are building a deferred tax balance. So we are going to have positive cash flow from that. But that I think $300 million just so is the higher run rate than you normally see.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. And then just the last one is the prepayments, but what is behind the outlook for prepayments?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The prepayments there is just the way that we manage our quarterly tax liability, and to stay within the Safe Harbors of winning tax penalties, we've paid a little bit ahead on our federal income tax that we project to be our tax liability and that will work its way out through the balance of the year, so that as we approach year-end we will have smaller payments.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Great.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's really a cash outflow that you would not be referring the balance of the year.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Great. Thanks for your patience, and I appreciate the detailed responses.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Hugh.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman [ph] with Catapult. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst - Catapult Partners: Hi, gentlemen. Couple of clarifying questions. First on the 2009 guidance, just to clarify, if you lets say had another similar sale to Antero tomorrow, something like that might... is already incorporated in some way into that range?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's a pretty wide at range, so we've got to be careful in the bottom end of that, but as I had said before I think the upper end of that we’ll probably see more.
Unidentified Analyst - Catapult Partners: And you did mention, Tom, that obviously when you updated is there some things that got better, which I think you said on Marcellus and Generation, but maybe some things that I also got… had some pressures, any flavor on what some of the pressures are? Is it just kind of cost inflation type of thing?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's more maybe some additional CapEx expenditures in which we have more interesting expense, and that's what we think, nothing that stands out as a sort of big number, but there’s always a lot of pluses and minuses from what we do. We just try to capture the big ones, but… nothing alarming, but I think the market has that every time you give guidance nothing positive happens that they just add it to both ends of the guidance. And I just want to remind everybody that if you run a business with as many moving parts as we do, you make a lot of assumptions and not all of them run up. One thing has been declining commodity prices since we first gave those numbers so that that is not uplift in this poor gas.
Unidentified Analyst - Catapult Partners: Yes. And then one other question for Mark on... one of you just give us an update on how you are dealing with coal, just delivery supply and particularly your merchant generation, is everything going okay there and also what your thought is on where the dark spread is right now, would you even want to hedge any of your generation in knowing then at this point has the dark spread really contracted there?
Mark F. McGettrick - EVP and President and COO, Generation: Steve, we… on the coal delivery side, we don't have any issues there at all whether it be international or domestic or supply, both for [inaudible] and the merchant is fine. In terms of the dark spread, we did lay about 8% of our coal supply in corresponding hedges in the second quarter and we got pretty favorable pricing on that. So as people are looking at these very, very high Central App and international coal prices, they’re moving around dramatically. For example, just in the last three weeks they dropped $20. And so, the signal you out there on a spot price isn't necessarily what might be reflective by certain vendors that might take a year or two contract from you. So we are going to be very selective on how we lock coal in and lock power at the same time, but we did in the last several months to get some we think attractive margins, locking in new supplies of coal and energy for ordinary [ph] units in 2010 and we are continuing to look for that.
Unidentified Analyst - Catapult Partners: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: It’s only a follow-up, guys. I just wanted to ask on… if there is any... do you have any kind of broad update of the CapEx numbers that you have most recently laid out? Where should we look for the most recent ones? I'm not sure if you have disclosed any in any of the schedules on the web today, I haven't seen them?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, you… the most recent CapEx is with our most recent presentation or in the IR reference book. We haven't updated that since the beginning of the year. Right now that CapEx plan kind of supports our earnings outlook. And so we wouldn't update that without updating our complete model, where we’re just... it’s not in our interest to kind of update specific line items without doing a comprehensive update, so the earliest you would see any update on CapEx is the fall.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: But did I hear Tom Chewning correctly that there is some upward movement on the CapEx, in aggregate?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is the potential for that, Jonathan, on incremental projects we have, particularly in the wind area, because we found more opportunities there and that's… the reason we haven’t updated that is because until we really identify specific projects we don't just roll in capital, but that doesn't mean… into an exhibit… but that doesn't mean that internally when we take a look at guidance we don't take that into account in terms of the need to borrow money, etcetera. So there are a lot of… I don't want you guys to think that we believe for a second that we capture everything about next year in these models, but we do a lot of range calculations and some of them involve less capital and some of them involve more capital, but then we come out as we always do in the beginning of the next year and give you a plan that we feel we will follow and I think the work we’ve done this year is that we’ve followed our CapEx budget pretty carefully. But not every line item has been followed in the same way that we created. We’ve managed our CapEx to the numbers that involve we needed to do it for the year.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, sir. We have now reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I'd just like to thank all of you, ladies and, gentlemen who've been in the call this morning and remind you that our 10-Q will be filed latter today and our next earnings release is scheduled for Thursday, October the 30th. We wish you an enjoyable remainder of the summer. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Director of IR Thomas N. Chewning - EVP and CFO Jay L. Johnson - EVP, CEO, Dominion Virginia Power Paul D. Koonce - EVP, CEO, Dominion Energy Mark F. McGettrick - EVP, President and CEO, Dominion Generation Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and CEO G. Scott Hetzer - Sr. VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Paul Fremont - Jefferies John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dominion's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Tom Farrell, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Chewning, Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of management. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given for the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to pass the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations. Laura?
Laura Kottkamp - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Lincy. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release and pages from our first quarter 2008 earnings release kit. Schedules in the earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed discreet questions pertaining to operating statistics and accountings. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage you to call with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to second quarter 2008 guidance. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our website, register for e-mail alerts, and view our first quarter 2008 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. Now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also in this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT. Dominion uses operating earnings as the primary performance measurement of its earnings outlook and results for public communications with analysts and investors. Dominion also uses operating earnings internally for budgeting, for reporting to the Board of Directors, for the company's incentive compensation plans, and for its targeted dividend payouts. Dominion management believes operating earnings provide a more meaningful representation of the company's fundamental earnings power. As a remainder, our 2008 results exclude any earnings from Peoples Natural Gas and Hope Gas. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings release kit. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Tom Chewning. Tom?
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Laura, and good morning everyone. Following an overview of first quarter earnings and second quarter operating earnings guidance, each of our business unit CEOs will provide a review of first quarter performance, as well as what they foresee for the second quarter. After the conclusion of these reviews, our CEO, Tom Farrell, will offer updates on strategic projects and regulatory proceedings, including the Virginia City coal and biomass plant. Following Tom's remarks, we will be happy to answer your questions. Dominion had a very positive first quarter of 2008. Recorded GAAP earnings were $1.18 per share and operating earnings were $1 per share. Please see schedules two and three of our earnings release kit for a reconciliation of operating earnings to GAAP earnings. Adjusting operating earnings for the impacts of unfavorable weather and a favorable tax benefit, operating earnings would have been $0.97 per share, $0.03 above the upper-end of quarterly guidance range. You can find this reconciliation on Dominion's Investor Relations website under our supplemental schedules. You can find complete reconciliation of operating earnings compared to quarterly guidance on pages 32 through 36 of this morning's earnings release kit. While we are obviously pleased with our performance for the first three months of the year under our realigned business model, we feel it would be premature at this time to revise upward our $3.05 to $3.15 operating earnings per share guidance for the full-year 2008 or our 2009 outlook of $3.25 to $3.40 per share. Dominion expects second quarter 2008's operating earnings in the range of $0.47 to $0.52 per share. This compares to operating earnings of $0.44 per share in the second quarter of 2007. Drivers expected to compare favorably to 2007 include full recovery of Virginia fuel expenses, higher volumes, and higher realized prices for our remaining E&P operations, lower interest expense, and lower share count. Expected offsets include the absence of earnings from our divested US E&P operations, return to normal weather in our electric utility service area, higher maintenance and depreciation expenses in our electric utility businesses, and the exclusion of earnings from Peoples Natural Gas and Hope Gas. Complete details of the company's second quarter 2008 guidance can be found on pages 39 through 43 of Dominion's first quarter 2008 earnings release kit published this morning on Dominion's website. That concludes my review of the quarter and my overview of the second quarter. I will now turn the call over to Jay Johnson. Jay?
Jay L. Johnson - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Virginia Power: Thank you, Tom. Our regulated electric transmission and distribution businesses delivered strong operational performance throughout the quarter. We continue to see steady improvement in reliability. Average minutes off per customer for the previous 12 months stands at 123.7 minutes. This represents a 10% improvement form just three years ago. We also experienced continuous improvement in our safety performances compared to Q1 of 2007. OSHA recordable incident rates dropped from 2.7 to 1.8 and vehicle accidents were reduced from 22 to 12 year-over-year. Dominion Virginia Power's weather normalized financial performance in the first quarter was toward the upper-end of the EBIT guidance range. Heating degree days in our service area were 10% below normal, which adversely impacted revenues. We also experienced twice the number... twice the normal number of significant wind events for this time of the year, which drove up O&M expenses. Strong Dominion retail performance attributable to higher gas margins helped offset these weather and windstorm challenges. In our second quarter guidance, we are assuming a return to normal weather and normal storm activity. O&M expenses will be higher than last year due to the execution of targeted investments in reliability and energy conservation demand side management pilot programs. As mentioned on the January 30 earnings conference call, these increases are included in our 2008 annual guidance. I'll now turn the call over to Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy: Thanks, Jay. Like Dominion Virginia Power, Dominion Energy’s safety performance continues to improve. During the first quarter, we experienced non-fewer loss time and restricted duty accidents as compared to the first quarter of 2007. And before we turn to operations, I'm pleased to report that Dominion Transmission was once again ranked by the industry's [inaudible] survey as number one in customer service for all pipelines serving mid-Atlantic and North East markets. This is a distinction that Dominion Transmission has enjoyed since 2005. Operationally, transmission, distribution, and E&P all realized higher volumes and throughput gains. Despite concerns over an economic downturn, Dominion East Ohio experienced 3.7% Q1 throughput increase versus last year, driven largely by increased industrial demand. Dominion Transmission's gathered volumes were 7% higher quarter-over-quarter, a reflection of the Appalachian Basin production activity, and Dominion E&P, excluding royalty interest production, recorded 20% more gas equivalent than in Q1 2007. Also during the quarter, we continued to invest in our businesses and worked with our customers and regulators to ensure future growth in both volumes and earnings. At Dominion East Ohio, we installed over 80,000 automated meters and are on pace to install over 230,000 automated meters by year-end. Dominion Transmission executed tenure agreements for our Hub III project to move over 200,000 MMBtu per day from our Interconnect with the Rockies Express pipeline. When combined with our Hub I project already on solid firm, this brings our total takeaway capacity from the Rockies Express pipelines to over 400,000 MMBtu per day, the most of any pipeline. And just last week, we concluded our Appalachian Gateway open season and with very good results. Appalachian Gateway, when completed in late 2011, will increase our gathering capability by 50%, increase our extraction and fractionation capability by 30%, and add almost a half BCF per day of firm transportation. First quarter earnings were above the midpoint of our guidance due to higher by-product margins at Dominion Transmission and better-than-expected industrial and non-traditional sales at Dominion East Ohio, as well as weather help on our traditional sales volumes, and most notably higher E&P production. Somewhat offsetting these gains were higher expected system fuel costs at Dominion Transmission. While we did not meet our margin expectations at Producer Services, we remain poised to capture market opportunities, should they arise during the course of the year. Driving our second quarter earnings are continued higher production and favorable price changes at E&P, as well as strong by-product margins. These favorable factors will be partially offset by higher DD&A. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation's strong performance from both our utility and merchant fleets produced first quarter EBIT of $569 million. These results were $20 million above the high-end of our range and $280 million above first quarter '07. The major drivers of these results were a return to full recovery of fuel in Virginia, higher energy and capacity margins for our merchant fleet, and stronger wholesale and other margins in our Virginia Power territory. Helping drive this performance was a nuclear fleet capacity factor of over 99%, that included two record runs, one by Millstone Unit 2, which completed a 504-day breaker-to-breaker run, and the second, Millstone Unit 2, which completed a 524-day breaker-to-breaker run. Our fossil fleet also performed well with Brayton Point achieving a 92% equipment availability rating this quarter, its best in two years, and our Virginia Power coal fleet having the lowest first quarter equivalent forced outage rate in five years. Generation safety performance during the first quarter was also excellent. Our fossil fleet's OSHA recordable incident rate was 0.94, which is the best first quarter on record, and our nuclear fleet achieved a rate of 0.09 with only one OSHA recordable. Looking to second quarter guidance, we project an EBIT range of $325 million to $385 million, the midpoint of which is an increase of approximately $155 million over the second quarter of 2007. We expect this quarter's results to be driven by the return to full recovery of fuel in Virginia and continued growth in margins at our largely hedged merchant portfolio, partially offset by a very heavy plannned outage season for our nuclear and major fossil units. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell. Tom?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark, and good morning. Eight months ago, we emphasized that our strategy was to focus on operational excellence, while advancing a growth plan to address Virginia's increasing energy needs. I am pleased to note that over these last three quarters, we continued to execute successfully on that plan. Jay, Paul, and Mark had mentioned a number of outstanding operational highlights across all of the business units that helped us achieve stellar first quarter earnings. I am going to discuss strategic developments and regulatory hearings that are important to our continuing earnings performance and future growth. In Ohio, we are awaiting resolution of the Dominion East Ohio regulatory proceeding. We combined our request for approval of an automated meter installation and pipeline replacement rider with our base rate case. As a result, the staff report has been delayed, but we expect it to be submitted within the next week. We believe we will have a fair rate structure in place before the end of August that supports the investments in bare steel pipe, service lines, and automated meters needed to better serve our customers and maintain system reliability. The sales process for Peoples and Hope is proceeding on schedule with final bids due by the end of this month. Participation in this auction among potential buyers has been very strong. Recently, Dominion's E&P program has attracted attention, notably for its Marcellus acreage located across the Appalachian Mountains. We now believe we have a minimum of 600,000 to a maximum of 800,000 prospective acres under our control. We are assessing the value of this acreage and determining the best means to capitalize on the potential of these assets. Presently, no reserves are booked from these formations. There are a number of ways in which we can create value, by selling drilling rights, by promoting others to drill, while retaining an ownership interest, or exchanging drilling rights for midstream assets in Appalachia. We do not intend to allocate capital on our own to acquire expertise or to develop this play ourselves. We will have more to say on this issue soon. Moving now to our Virginia jurisdiction. We are awaiting final State Corporation Commission action on both of our large transmission lines, Carson to Suffolk in the Southeastern part of the state and Meadow Brook to Loudoun in Northern Virginia. The evidentiary hearings for both lines have been completed. As you know, the Meadow Brook is Dominion's portion of a 240 mile 500-kV line, we are constructing with TrAILCo, an Allegheny Energy's subsidiary. Our portion is 65 miles in length and we expect to make about a $250 million investment. The line originates in Pennsylvania and crosses West Virginia, before passing into Virginia. Last month, TrAILCo reached a settlement with key parties, including the staff of the Public Service Commission of West Virginia. West Virginia Commission's final decision is expected no later than August 2. We see this as an important first step in receiving the necessary regulatory approvals from all state regulatory commissions. We discussed with you last quarter, our electric transmission rate proceeding, which we filed late last year. The main feature of the case was to establish a forward-looking formula rate mechanism that would update transmission rates on an annual basis. While other transmission owners in the PJM region use a formula rate based on historic costs, Dominion's formula would be based on projected costs. Our approach follow the models set by International Transmission Company, an independent transmission operator in the MISO region. On April 29, just two days ago, FERC granted our request for this forward-looking rate treatment and awarded a return on equity of 11.4% on our common equity base, effective as of January 1, 2008. This formula rate treatment is the first of its kind to be granted for the transmission system of a vertically integrated company in PJM. Going forward, the commission-approved formula method will allow us to recover our cost on a timely and accurate basis, while earning a more current return on Dominion's growing investment in transmission infrastructure. We also continue to focus on executing our generation growth plan within our Virginian service territory. We mentioned to you on our last quarter call that we are intent on achieving the goals set by our Governor and General Assembly to make Virginia less reliant on imported power and more energy independent. Dominion Generation made a great deal of progress on their plan, which we call Powering Virginia, in the first quarter. For example, we received approval from the State Corporation Commission for the fifth of our Ladysmith Peaking units. We expect to receive the air permit for this 150-megawatt unit during this quarter. Our Ladysmith units 3 and 4 totaling 300 megawatts will be in start-up shortly and should begin operation by July 1. We filed with the State Corporation Commission for approval of our proposed 580-megawatt combined-cycle plant, which we call Bear Garden, and have begun negotiation of an EPC contract. This plant, estimated to be in service in 2011, will be eligible for 100 basis point premium on the allowed base return on equity. It already has all other required permits in place. We also announced the purchase of a site in Northern Virginia, on which we plan to develop another 580-megawatt combined cycle plant. We are in advanced stages for all key permits. This plant also is eligible for 100 basis point premium. Our third unit at our North Anna nuclear station remains on track. We mentioned to you on our last call that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission had received and reviewed our combined operating license application. The application was deemed to complete and a scheduling order issued. We've already received approval for early site permit and we stand first in line to receive our combined operating license from the NRC in the latter part of 2011. This approval would place us as the first company in the nation to begin construction of a new nuclear unit in nearly three decades. Additionally, we plan to apply this summer for federal loan guarantees at the Department of Energy. The approval process to construct a nuclear plant rests with the NRC. Because we are a regulated utility in Virginia, our earned return on the plant during construction and its service life is determined by state law. Under Virginia law, we will be eligible to file for a premium of 200 basis points on the allowed base return on equity for this nuclear unit, which we plan to do later this year. There appears to be a continuing misunderstanding among some in the financial community about the procedural requirements necessary to construct a nuclear facility in the United States. This misconception probably arises from the flurry of announcements by companies, some regulated, some merchant, some who have early site permits, and some who seek the site permits as part of a combined operating license application. Every company, whether regulated or unregulated, must have an NRC issued COL to begin safety related construction of a new nuclear unit regardless of all other approval requirements, including State Commission approvals. To help understand the process, at least from our perspective, please refer to Dominion's Investor Relations website under our supplemental schedules for an outline of the application process to begin such construction. We have stated that while we will address Virginia's energy needs, we also plan to meet the commonwealth goal of 12% of the state's energy sales from renewable energy sources by 2022. Meeting that goal also entitles us to earn an additional 50 basis points on the base return on equity for our entire rate base. In light of this goal, we recently announced that we would partner with BP in Virginia to identify optimal sites for wind energy and we recently announced our plans to build Prairie Fork, a 300-megawatt wind farm in Central Illinois. I would like to mention briefly our fuel filing in Virginia. With return of the pass-through fuel expense to consumers last July, we are again required to submit annual fuel filing. We expect that the filing will occur within the next week to 10 days. The increase entailed in that filing will include a portion of the amount not recovered in deferred from July 1, 2007 through June 30, 2008, plus an amount that would cover the company's expected fuel expenses for the period July 1, 2008 through June 30, 2009. It is well understood that fuel costs have risen sharply worldwide since our last filing and that our costs in this filing will reflect these increases. Let me finish today with an update on The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. In early March, we joined with the State Corporation Commission staff and the Division of Consumer Counsel in a joint stipulation and recommendation to the State Corporation Commission purposing a 11.12% return on equity during construction and the first 12 years of the plant's service life, as well as 100 basis point premium, because the plant is coal fired, bringing the allowed return on equity to 12.12%. We reserved the right to reapply for an additional 100 basis point premium when carbon capture technology is more advanced. Stipulation also provided the list of southeastern utilities that served as the basis to establish the floor return on equity under the new law. Late last month, the Commission approved all of these terms in a final order. While the ability to perceive with the plant was obviously important, probably more important is the fact the staff, the office consumer counsel, and Dominion agreed on an application of the new regulatory scheme in Virginia to this project. Our agreement was endorsed by the commission. This decision is consistent with how we always understood the new law. With respect to the air permit, the proposed emissions limits have satisfied the state's Department of Environmental Quality and all federal land managers, and is now awaiting only approval of the Virginia Air Pollution Control Board. The board assumed oversight of the permit from the DEQ. It is the board's prerogative [ph] to review cases that are of particular widespread interest to the public. In next steps, the board members have posted their additional questions on the DEQ website and we'll provide our written responses in the next week or so. The public may comment until May 16 on all posted information. We have reviewed the members' questions in detail and are confident that we will answer them to their satisfaction. We expect the board to vote on the permit by the end of this quarter. When we decided to divest most of our E&P operation and concentrate on energy infrastructure, we believed we can provide more reliable, predictable, and transparent earnings, as well as achievable growth in both earnings and dividends. With what the company achieved in the last four months of 2007, post the E&P sale, with one quarter behind us this year and as we move toward the middle of 2008, I am gratified by all that we have accomplished toward these goals. With that, I will turn the call over for questions. Lincy, we are ready here for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Yes, sir, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I choose not to be sneaky about this, but the comments on Central Appalachian E&P outlook, you guys are going to come back to that later, is that correct, you don't want to get into the strategy right now?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, good morning. We are reviewing all of our options and we've been thinking about that. We are evaluating the value of them. And when we have tied down exactly what we are planning on doing, we will announce that. It won't be in the distant future. It will be relatively soon. But, the point I want everybody to understand is that we are not going to recreate old Dominion E&P through Marcellus Shale play. They are very valuable assets, they have been selling for very high values. So, we are going to take a look at whether we sell part of them, promote part of them, hold part of them, it will be some combination of that, but we are not going to recreate the wheel and try to learn how to drill in the Marcellus Shale by ourselves. There are others that have expertise in this kind of geology, which we do not, we happen to have a very, very large position on existing leases. The leases I described are 600,000 to 800,000 acres of leases we already have. We aren't going out and buying up leases. This is part of our existing portfolio. So, we are reviewing it, we are going to do it carefully and we will have some to say about it soon.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. I was wondering either Mark or Tom, if you guys could talk a little bit about your thoughts on the NEPOOL market at this point in time or any updated thoughts on NEPOOL market, asset, capacity option, is there any success and make into reevaluate capacity rules around demand response or any updated thinking on your hedge strategy there with running gas prices?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation: Dan, this is Mark. We still have the same view as we had last quarter when we talk about on NEPOOL market. We are very concerned about the treatment of demand side programs being almost 8% of the projected capacity needs. The NEPOOL... and based on early indications and this next option, there could be even more demand side offered, a fairly significant amount. So, as we said last time, we believe that somehow a portion of that demand side is not going to show up and that will be reflected in higher energy margins. So, in terms of our hedging for energy, we are going to be very cautious in 2010 or 2011 in the North East in terms of closing out our hedge positions since we have a better understanding about this future markets look like.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. And then I guess one last one, oil, gas prices were up quite a bit, L&G deliveries to US haven't been that fantastic. I was wondering why, if you could just give us a little color on what you guys are seeing from a volume perspective through Cove Point? Is there any level of interest or growing level of interest around expanding Curve Point?
Paul D. Koonce - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy: Dan, good morning. This is Paul Koonce. Yes, you are spot on. There has not been a lot of L&G cargos coming to the United States. And specifically with respect to Cove Point, a lot of that supply was to originate out of the Snowy [ph] field. And I think you've read publicly about [inaudible] production problems as it relates to Snowy. So, we continue to watch with them, just a reminder, we are fully subscribed. So, we are not really throughput motivated, but we would like to see more volumes coming into to the region just for gas requirements generally. If you look down in the 2014, 2015 timeframe, there is a lot of work being done on Atlantic Basin liquefaction, as well as Middle Eastern liquefaction, and we think there will be opportunities to expand Cover Point further, but that sort of Atlantic Basin's spot demand situation needs to improve a little bit.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me add one thought to that. You all will have noticed that announced facilities in the Delaware... up to Delaware River have been denied by a spring court case and if the Governor, New York has said he doesn't want one built in Long Island sound. So, it becomes... it is very difficult to put in place a Greenfield L&G importation facility. Cove Point has reactivated, expanded once, the second expansion will be complete in the fourth quarter. It's in the middle of the mid-Atlantic and it is a prime location to get an expansion if the market develops. But, we are not going to go into a build-out another L&G facility that's in merchant status. We will... before we proceed with any further expansions, we will get long-term contracts for the capacity.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jon.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Can I ask a question on the... following up on the Virginia City comments on the air board process and just how it relates to your fixed price contract on the EPC that you have with I think so... there was a... I remember there was a... I think there was some... from the original filings there were some cutoff date where that fixed price was held to, how long will they wait for this approval to come? How should we think about that, anything you can give us to help on that?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation: Jonathan, this is Mark. On the pricing of the contract, we had hoped to start construction in April and obviously we are going to be a month or two behind that. In terms of the contract, the first year piece of this contract is largely weighted toward equipment purchases and not labor. The first part of the contract labor costs really revolved around stack contractors. And as we get closer to a start date, we will be talking on schedules and how that might play into an ultimate online date. But, right now, it will be premature for us to say anything in terms of any changes to the existing contract because there may not be any. As we get an air board decision and determine what the appropriate scheduling is for these contractors.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So, is the contract actually executed or does that depend on getting final permits?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Generation: [inaudible] contract, they have limited notice to proceed on currently and they are doing that. In terms of actual construction on site, we can only do minimal construction before air permit based on law. And that's what we are doing today. But, those portions of the contract that are under... that are covered under the shawl... a portion of it are also included. The contract is executed.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: One related issue, I believe there's been kind of a challenge filed to the constitutionality of the Virginia Legislation requiring you to use Virginia coal in this project. What is... procedurally, where is that? Is it something that while it’s pending, would hold up construction? Any comments on that issue?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, the... one of the intervenors filed a notice of appeal of the State Corporation Commission's decision to the Supreme Court of Virginia, which is what I think you are referring to. And that will be presumably one of their arguments, I think that will be... it’s a very problematic argument for them to make in the first place. But, in particular since the commission found that the statute, we don't have to use Virginia coal as a matter of fact, that's an explicit finding in the Commission's ruling. So, they are free to file the appeal and it will not stop the construction from proceeding.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. Could I just ask one non-Virginia City question, just around your... the way you've hedged your New England portfolio, the base load component, are there any implications of the breakdown and forward heat rates in the market that we should… versus the movements in gas that would cause any of those hedges to be less affected than you had hoped or just something around hedge strategy?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, for what we've produced in the hedge table, it’s I think is on page 48, the heat rate issue is not really a factor for us. We've locked in our base load units up there and we have very little margin that comes out of our gas units in North East. It's all essentially driven by the base load units at Brayton Point and Millstone and they are already locked in.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: You've looked those in with energy sales as opposed to gas sales.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you for questions Mr. Arnold. [Operator Instruction]. Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. Sir, please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you. I guess given all the questions that we have heard surrounding the decline in market heat rates in PJM and also speculation or people trying to figure out where the PJM option is going to come out, can we get your comments on both in terms of, do you think that the decline in market heat rates is aberration and would you endorse a possible weaker outcome in terms of option prices in PJM?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: To the first question on option prices, I think with the FERC decision to not to approve the new coal price, that will certainly depress the option price and in addition with Ducane leaving and the termination at their supply or at least most of their supply leaves with them, unless they have firm transmission back in, I think that will also depress the price. So, our view is that the price will clear lower than the last option. In terms of the heat rate, it is true, in the first couple of months of the year, the spot rates were narrow than normal in PJM, but that recovered in March. And if you look at going forward, there seems to have normalized. We have very little exposure to that because state line, as you can see from a hedge table, is already hedged and not by gas. And so our only exposure there would be with Bears [ph] and again, it looks like from what we have and what's in our guidance that it's a temporary aberration and looks to be normalizing.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you for your question, sir. The next question comes from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Can you talk a little about your financing plans and just overall financing strategy perhaps for the next 2 to 3 years or at least through '09 for the CapEx plan?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I will have Scott Hetzer do that.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
G. Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: John, good morning. This is Scott Hetzer. For the remainder of this year, we have a few debt issues planned. Two at Dominion and one at Virginia Power really to replace maturities and to fund a portion of the negative free cash flow. We also have about $200 million of equity modeled in for this year that comes from direct issuance, due to reinvestment, etcetera. For 2008 and 2009, we have modeled in about $800 million of equity in each year and as we have said before we would expect to come to the market in smaller more frequent issues after we've received the appropriate approvals for various growth projects. And then the balance of course will be funded with debt. The maturities for 2009 and 2010 are very minimal.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: John, also, we are referring to '09 and '10 are larger years, $800 million scheduling in both, if our existing projects in Virginia particularly proceed as we had expected them to or do expect them to proceed. We won't be going to market without approved projects, in Virginia, through the State Corporation Commission and through FERC, through open seasons and their approval. So, that number is really relative to financing 50-50 the growth projects that we have and so $200 million in '08, which is from a direct investment, $200 million in each of those two years would also be from Dominion Direct, our reinvestment program and then $600 million from the market and smaller increments. Also I would like to point out that on the Virginia projects beginning with our 2009 year, we will be asking for approval for current recovery of projected capital cost on these projects. We are going in… we said in the script, later this year on the North Anna, three projects. We've also, as you know, gone in already and had approval for the coal plant in Southwest Virginia. Does that give you a good idea? I think we have about a $1 billion worth of maturities this year and a very low amount in 2009 and 2010.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Tom and Scott, that's very helpful. It makes sense. So, obviously your financing plan is contingent on the appropriate approvals and you are going to execute that going forward based on the hopeful approvals of those projects.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And one other question, I know you all were able to execute a contract buyout at some attractive terms last year and it sounded like that was going to be the last one, but I wasn't sure there are a few that are obviously still out there, any interest or potential for additional buyouts or was that probably it for now?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have two other contracts in Midwest that expire 2012 or 2013 timeframe, one at Kincaid, which is about [inaudible] and the other is at Kewaunee, which is a nuclear plant at Wisconsin. We think there is opportunity with both those contracts. It might [inaudible] take us to the current counter-party as well ourself to discuss that, and so we will continue to do that and let you know if anything materializes.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's helpful. So, it sounds like if the terms are there then there is potential for that.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you for questions sir. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to ask you guys just on the outlook for reserve margins, in your service territory, you guys have allowed transmission lines, the general transmission lines, power plants, renewables and what have been. Looking out to let’s say 2012, what kind of reserve margin are you guys expecting, assuming that you get approval for pretty much for what you are asking for, which you guys are going to be doing pretty well with the reconstructive environment there?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Are you referencing Virginia?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Yes.
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Our resource in Virginia, we are going to beat into the capacity market for 2012 next week and we are about a 1000-megawatt short, so we will be a net importer still in 2012 for Virginia.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And with... and that assumes how much of the construction that you guys have going on right now or that you guys are projecting?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That assumes that the Ladysmith units, all the operates that we have talked about, there are schedules between now and 2012 and the first combined cycle which we call Bear Garden will be online.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, that assumes pretty much our four construction plans that has been disclosed between now and 2012 being online.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, that's helpful. And then just with [inaudible] do you guys have sort of a general sense as to what this acreage could provide in terms of reserves?
Thomas F. Farrell II - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but because we are looking at how to value and how other people value, I’d rather keep that to ourselves right at the moment.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But, thank you for asking the question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just trying to… just looking out for your guys.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I appreciate it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you for your question sir. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning do you have any closing remarks sir?.
Thomas N. Chewning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I have to do. Lincy, thank you. Just a reminder that our Form 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today and our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for July 31 of this year. We would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and wish you a very pleasant spring. Good day.
Operator: Just a reminder that our Form 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today and our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for July 31 of this year. We would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we wish you a very pleasant spring day. Good day. Thank you this does conclude this morning's teleconference. You may disconnect your line and enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura E Kottkamp - Director, IR Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and CEO Thomas N. Chewning - CFO and EVP Jay L. Johnson - CEO, Dominion Virginia Power Paul D. Koonce - CEO, Transmission Mark F. McGettrick - EVP, Dominion Generation Scott Hetzer - Sr. VP and Treasurer Joseph O’Hare - Director, IR
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co. Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Unidentified Analyst Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Tom Farrell, Dominion's Chief Executive Officer and other members of management in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of managements prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question. Before introducing Tom Farrell, I will turn the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations.
Laura E Kottkamp - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks Lindsey. Good morning and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter earnings conference call. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release, pages from our fourth quarter 2007 earnings release kit or pages from our 2008 earnings guidance kit. Schedules in our earnings release kit are intended to answer the more detailed discreet questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. Investor Relations will be available after the call for any clarification of these schedules. While we encourage to you call with questions in the time permitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you use the time to address questions of a strategic nature or those related to 2008 guidance. If you have not done so, I encourage you to visit our web site, register for email alerts and view our fourth quarter 2007 earnings documents as well as our 2008 guidance kit. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors. Now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filing, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecast, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. Those measures include operating earnings before interest and tax, commonly referred to as EBIT, and operating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA. Reconciliations of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures we are able to calculate and report are contained in our earnings guidance kit. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman, President, and CEO, Tom Farrell. Tom?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Laura and good morning everyone. Today, I'm going to highlight the key strategic actions and operational performance from 2007. It will positively affect our performance in 2008 and beyond. Addressed the status of our intended handed Peoples Hope divestiture and review expected regulatory developments in 2008. Our call will then deviate from past practice. Tom Chewning will recap our 2007 results, provide our 2008 guidance, and discuss our marketing process for Peoples and Hope. We will also have each of the business unit’s CEOs to discuss the drivers influencing their 2008 earnings prospects and contributing to our overall growth. On this topic you will hear from Jay Johnson, Head of Dominion Virginia Power; Paul Koonce, Head of Dominion Energy; and Mark McGettrick, Head of Dominion Generation. Scott Hetzer, our Treasurer will then discuss our expected financing activities in the coming year. Tom Chewning will then conclude our prepared remarks with comments about 2009 and our dividend policy. 2007 contained a number of milestones that we believe will have a positive impact on the Dominion in the immediate and continued future. With the sale of nearly $14 billion of our non- Appalachian E&P assets, we divested approximately 40% of our earnings stream and returned to a more regulated energy infrastructure company, one that is much less sensitive to the volatility of commodity prices and one that has more stable earnings. In light of this changed profile, in our outlook for future growth, we used the proceeds for debt repayment and stock repurchases. We realigned our remaining business segments. We significantly increased our dividend, and we completed a two-for-one stock split. Additionally, we saw the Virginia legislature established new regulations for utilities to address the growing need for power in the state and set new parameters and to ensure a fair rate of return on base rates as well as certain critical construction projects that will help meet the growing energy needs in our state. Last year, Dominion began an earnest to help make Virginia less reliant on imported power in more energy independent. We have already received approval for two of our three Lady Smith peaking units, and they are expected to be in service in the second half of this year. Approval for the third peaker is pending at the state corporation commission. We had no interveners in that proceeding. We also submitted an application for a coal and biomass plant in the heart of Virginia’s coal county in Wise County. In November, we received an early site permit for our North Anna nuclear plant and submitted our combined operating license, actions to give us optionality to build an additional unit at that site. Just yesterday, the NRC accepted the application has complete. In December, we agreed to purchase a power station development project for a combined cycle gas-fired plant that will generate almost 600 megawatts in the central part of the state. We also filed with the state corporation commission for three new electric transmission lines and are waiting approval this year. Overall, we are on track to develop the additional Virginian infrastructure we laid out to the investment community last September. Beyond Virginia's borders, throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, we similarly outlined plans to ensure an adequate future response to rising gas and electric demand. We concluded successful open seasons for our Dominion Hub I, Hub II, and Hub III projects, which allow us to bring increased gas supplies from West to East. And we announced plans for an eight cavern salt storage project in Pennsylvania to increase our gas storage capacity by up to 50 billion cubic feet, an increase in storage capacity of 10% to 15% with an increase in the deliverability of nearly 100%. Perhaps most critical to meeting customers and investors expectations, this consistent focus on operational excellence and safety. Strong performance also provides us an opportunity to earn up to a 100 basis points ROE premium on our Virginia rate base. At Dominion Virginia power for example, our average speed in answering customer’s calls improved nearly 30% last year. We met the new record peak demand of 19,688 megawatts in August, an increase of over 300 megawatts from the peak set in 2006 and a record demand, we did not expect to see until 2009. At Dominion East, Ohio, we installed over 130,000 automated meters, bringing our total to over 10% of customers served. In Appalachia, we drilled 365 new wells, an increase of more than 20% over 2006, a year in which we had been the most active driller in West Virginia. Our generating facilities met growing demand in Virginia and across our merchant fleet with increased reliability and output. Our Fossil merchant coal fleet achieved an equivalent availability of 87.4%, its best annual performance since the acquisition of Dominion New England with Brayton Point setting a station record of 90%. Our Surry nuclear units were online for a record 286 consecutive days. In our nuclear merchant fleet produced its highest megawatt hour output ever, 21 million laid by Kewaunee and Millstone II. Both Kewaunee and Brayton Point produced more megawatt hours in 2007, that at any time in their entire history of operations. Looking ahead, Dominion plans to achieve the goal of 12% of energy sales from renewable energy sources by 2022, as well as the interim goals of 4% beginning in 2010, and 7% beginning in 2016 established in Virginia Law. Achieving these targets will allow us to receive a ROE premium of 50 basis points across our entire rate base. We also plan to meet North Carolina’s mandatory goal of 12.5% from renewable resources and energy efficiency by 2021. This year with our partner Shell Wind Energy, we expect to put in service the second phase of a 264 MW wind farm in West Virginia, located adjacent to our Mount Storm power station. Just last week we announced Fowler Ridge, the wind energy development project in Indiana where we will be a 50% equity partner of 650 MW with BP Alternative Energy. The first phase is expected to be operational by the end of this year. I have recounted many of the corner stones of an impressive year for us, but there were events which did not happen as we had planned. Foremost was the dissolution of our sales agreement with Equitable for our LDC’s Peoples and Hope. While we expected a favorable resolution throughout the process, we believed, as did Equitable that the delay in closing exceeded what we deemed reasonable. For this reason we are re-marketing the LDCs which Tom Chewning will discuss in a few minutes. Turning to 2008. We expect ruling on several key regulatory proceedings and the outcome of the electric capacity market options in New England and PJM. February 5, we begin the evidenciary hearing for our Virginia City hybrid energy center. In December we filed a revised cost estimate for the plant, estimating $200 million of additional capital, bringing the total estimate to $1.8 billion. We expect the commission to rule on our filing and establish a ROE, including a construction premium for the project in April. As you are aware, the ruling on this project’s ROE does not determine the ROE for our base rate case in 2009. We do believe, however, that it sets an important precedent for what criteria are considered. This past August, Dominion East, Ohio filed its first rate case in over 14 years. We applied for a base rate increase of $73 million. We expect the staff report in late February or early March. Based on orders issued in other proceedings, we are optimistic we will have a rate environment in place this year that recognizes our existing rate base and enables us to make future investments with bare steel pipe, service lines and automated meters with fair returns. Just recently a pipeline unit proactively entered into a settlement with the independent Oil & Gas Association, a new gathering and processing rates effective January 1, 2009 through year-end of 2011. The settlement is net natural to our earnings forecast. This agreement is keeping with our past practice of settling rate issues before current rates expire, thereby providing certainty to both Dominion and its customers. Two of our proposed new transmission lines, Carson to Suffolk and Hampton Roads and Meadow Brook-To-Loudoun in Northern Virginia, are scheduled to have evidentiary hearings February 5 and February 25 respectively with the approval process expected to continue through the fall of this year. If approved in a timely these lines should be in service in 2011. This year, we also learn about the next round of capacity auction pricing in PJM and New England. Most important thing we can do to prepare for the auctions is to operate optimally in order to ensure plants will be available when they have been promised. PJM implemented its reliability pricing model beginning this past June, and the final transition year auction was held just last week for the 2010/11 delivery year. The results will be published on Friday. New England’s first forward capacity market auction is scheduled to start this coming Monday to procure capacity for the 2010/11 commitment year and will end no later than next Friday, February 8. The second FCM auction, which will procure capacity for the 2011/12 commitment year is scheduled to start on December 1. There has been large response to the upcoming action in New England, including the introduction of over 3,000 megawatts of demand side management proposals. While we are highly skeptical that demand side efforts will produce a nearly 10% reduction in New England’s peak electrical usage in two years. We believe that as a result of these promises, prices will clear lower than many may expect in the 2010/11 capacity auction. Since last fall, our 6% or more annual operating earnings growth plan as assumed that the capacity price will clear at the floor of $4.50 a KW month. I am pleased with where we have come since this time last year, we have a full agenda to accomplish, but I am confident that we will continue to perform at the levels required to meet our commitments to our customers and financial guidance to our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom Chewning
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks Tom. Tom mentioned that 2007 was marked with many positive milestones from a CFO perspective that seems an understatement. The overall change in our business mix resulted in a forecasted 2008 operating earnings at the upper end of the pro forma we developed in October of 2006 before we announced our E&P divestiture process. Now that we have completed our business in management realignment, we will provide quarterly and annual earnings guidance in greater detail. We have formatted our guidance to illustrate how operating segments expect to grow their profit margins and how treasury expects to finance their growth. We believe this approach promotes simplicity and enhances granularity. 2008 will be the starting point for a number of uplifts. Within our first full year with the fuel pass through in Virginia. We will have a lower debt level on which to pay interest expenses going forward and we will realize higher capacity in energy prices in New England than we did in 2007. As a result we're able to provide operating earnings guidance of $3.05 to $3.15 per share for the full year of 2008, nearly 20% growth over our 2007 operating earnings. We are also providing operating earnings guidance of $0.89 to $0.94 per share for the first quarter of 2008. Before we get too far into 2008 guidance let me recap briefly our results for last year. For the fourth quarter and the entire year of 2007, the company delivered solid returns lead by strong merchant energy margins and strong regulated electric sales. Interest expense savings resulting from our debt retirements and share accretion due to our common stock repurchases. We recorded operating earnings of $0.52 for the quarter and $2.56 per share for the year. GAAP earnings for the quarter were also $0.52 while GAAP earnings for the year were $3.88 per share mainly attributable to the net gains from the sale of our non-Appalachian E&P businesses. You can refer to schedules two and three of our earnings release kit for reconciliation of these earnings. You will notice on schedule one of our earnings release kit that we've broken out both our non-Appalachian E&P and the People’s and Hope LDC earnings in our corporate segment. As you'll recall Peoples and Hope are classified as assets held for sale not as discontinued operations. Following determination of the sales agreement with Equitable, we will continue to report earnings in the corporate segment until the conclusion of the new sales transactions. We still plan to use the incoming proceeds for debt reduction. The rating agencies are aware of the delay in the receipt of these proceeds. Depending on how long the new sales process takes we may choose to replace bank bridge financings with the capital markets issue that would be callable at the time of the sales. It is our plan to conduct and auctions process in March and we anticipate the announcement of a winning bidder and negotiate a contract in April. Before I turn the call over to our CEO, I refer you to 2008 earnings guidance kit on our web site. As we detail each of our businesses drivers we refer you to the appropriate page of the kit as it relates to our operating segments, I remind you that our operating earnings guidance measures will be stated in terms of EBIT or in some cases EBITDA. At the conclusion of the CEO’s discussion, Scott Hetzer will discuss the plans to finance our growth going forward. I’ll now turn the call over to Jay Johnson CEO of the Dominion Virginia Power. Jay?
Jay L. Johnson - Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Virginia Power: Thank you, Tom. Dominion Virginia Power, which includes regulated electric transmission and distribution as well as our own regulated retail activities, is expected to contribute approximately 21% to Dominion's 2008 operating segment earnings. As shown on page eight in the earnings guidance kit, its forecasted 2008 contribution to EBIT is roughly flat compared to 2007. In our electric utility distribution and transmission businesses, we expect weather normalized sales to add $10 million to $15 million. However, in 2007 favorable utility weather benefited us by about $11 million. Our forecast incorporates the usual assumption of a return to normal weather. So, the $11 million is an offset to our sales growth. DD&A in our utility business is expected to increase approximately $16 million year-over-year. This is a result of growing investment in infrastructure to serve the demand in our robust Virginia service territory. Despite the slowdown in the housing market, we still hooked up just shy of 49,000 new homes and businesses in 2007. Our 2008 distribution plan includes targeted investments in customer service and reliability. These investments should enable us to capture performance incentives above base rate ROEs established in the new regulation. Also included in our distribution plan for 2008 is funding for recently approved demand site management and conservation pilots which support the governor’s comprehensive Virginia energy plan. In Electric Transmission, we are awaiting the outcome of the FERC rate case filed this past fall. Under that filling, our transmission rates would be projected on a formula basis with a fixed ROE. The formula rate will be designed to cover the expected cost of service for each calendar year and will trued up based on actual costs. This enables us to minimize regulatory lag .We expect the FERC to take further action on this filing by the 1 of April. A favorable outcome will facilitate our plan to modernize our infrastructure in order meet the growing energy needs. Several companies including Xcel Energy have recently gotten forward-looking formula rigs approved. Dominion Retail, our unregulated, low capital, low risk business, has contributed over $140 million to EBIT over each of the last two years. We expect the slight downturn in EBIT due to lower electric customer margins assumed in our 2008 plan versus what was achieved in 2007. Over the 11 years that we have been growing this business, we have leveraged the Dominion brand to build a base of 1.6 million customers. We have also strategically identified markets that have unbundled generation or that have consciously developed competitive market designs. The 150,000 customers were now serving in Massachusetts and Connecticut are evidence of this strategy. In 2008, we plan to use these competitive advantages to continue to grow our customer base. Along with our core markets of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, we are targeting further expansion into the Northeast markets of Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, and Maryland. Overall, I would characterize 2008 as a foundational year for future growth in our regulated business… businesses as the price cap period ends. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Paul Koonce. Paul?
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Thanks, Jay, and good morning. Dominion Energy which includes gas transmission, Dominion East Ohio, exploration and production and producer services is expected to contribute approximately 23% to Dominion's overall 2008 operating segment earnings. Collectively, these businesses are expected to produce EBIT growth of 16% in 2008 as shown on page nine of the earnings guidance kit. Separately, our gas transmission unit forecast EBIT growth of 7%. This growth is the result of a full year’s revenue related to our Northeast storage and Cove point ASU projects, and starting in November the Cove Point expansion projects. Also in gas transmission, we forecast another record year of gathering processing and extraction volumes and revenues. These revenues are approximately 80% hedged giving us confidence in our growth. We are also very pleased with the progress we are making in our Dominion East Ohio rate case. With a midyear implementation of new rates, we expect Dominion East Ohio’s 2008 EBIT to grow 10% over 2007. And finally, our E&P team is forecasting production growth of 16%. This will be achieved through a combination of development drilling plus an added emphasis on optimizing existing well deliverability. Adding to the production boost is an increase in average realized price of $1.63 per Mcf. These figures are available on pages 14 and 15 of the guidance kit. I am pleased with our year-over-year earnings growth forecast and now I’ll turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Thank you, Paul. Dominion Generation includes the Company’s regulated and unregulated generating plants and is expected to contribute 56% of the total operating segment earnings in 2008. As I review guidance for my segment I will be referring to page 10 in the earnings guidance kit and on that page you will see that Dominion Generation’s forecasted EBIT is expected to grow over 30% to approximately $2 billion in 2008. Much of this projected growth is coming from the regulated utility generation that serves our Virginia and North Carolina franchise service territories. In 2008, we expect this business to grow at EBIT contribution by $260 million to $300 million, which represents more than 40% growth over 2007. The primary driver for utility growth in 2008, is a benefit of $394 million resulting from a full year recovery of fuel expenses in Virginia. Additional benefits are projected to come from sales growth and fewer planned outage days in 2008, compared to 2007. Partially offsetting these positive items are a return to normal weather, increases in non-outage O&M and depreciation expenses, as well as other items which include an expected reduction in margins for 2008 and going forward, for FTRs, ancillary service revenues and wholesale contract revenues relative to 2007 levels. We also expect continued strong growth at our merchant generation business which is expected to produce EBIT in the range of $1.1 billion in 2008, which is more than 20% growth over 2007. Now that we are disclosing our merchant EBIT contribution, we believe that investors can appreciate more just how large, profitable and growing our merchant fleet is. For 2008, we expect a $160 million to $185 million worth of growth in EBITDA from our NEPOOL assets driven by high energy prices, and increased capacity revenues as detailed on pages 19 and 21 in the earnings guidance kit. This growth overcomes an additional plant refueling outage at Millstone and an extended outage for recovery out of Salem harbor station. Our non-contracted plants in PJM which includes our Fairless Works and State Line facilities are expected to increase the EBITDA contribution in 2008, by $80 million to $90 million. The primary driver to this increase is the buyout of a long term PPA at State Line which was effective October 31, of 2007. 2008 EBITDA from the contracted plants which include our Kincaid, Kewaunee, Elwood, and Morgantown facilities is expected to decline, $40 million to $50 million driven mainly by a planned refueling outage at our Kewaunee nuclear plant and to buyout a State Line which would remove that station from the contracted category going forward. In addition to providing our merchant EBITDA profitability by region, and contract status, various schedules have been added or expanded in the guidance kit with additional disclosure on merchant statistics. We believe this additional information provides you with a clarity investors need to fully appreciate the value of our merchant assets. With that I will turn the call over to Scott Hetzer
Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Thanks Mark. Before I focus on our financial plans to support the business units growth you just heard about, let me make a few quick remarks regarding 2007. As Tom Chewning has already mentioned, the recapitalization of our balance sheet as a result of our E&P divestiture was a significant part of our transformational year. Of the proceeds we received from the sale, we used $6.3 billion to buyback stock, and $3.3 billion to buyback and or retire debt. On our November 1, earnings call, we talked about incendiary use of another $300 million to either buyback stock or reduce debt further. Given the delay in reducing debt levels with approach proceeds from the sale of Peoples and Hope, we have applied for $300 million to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. We are also very pleased with our reduced risk profile going forward and we are pleased to see S&P acknowledge this, when they upgraded our rating two notches from mid BBB to A minus. Now turning to 2008. The capital necessary to execute our business plan this year is expected to be $3.7 billion and you will see a breakdown between maintenance and growth capital on page 23 of our earnings guidance kit. Our operating cash flow more than covers our maintenance capital and dividend, but when you add in growth capital, we will have negative free cash flow. You have heard us say many times, that we plan to fund any negative free cash flow with a combination of debt and equity. When we are determining the balance between debt and equity, our decisions are driven by our targeted credit metrics, which include the typical adjustments made by credit analysts. In our three year plan, our targets continue to be funds from operations coverage of interest of greater than or equal to 3.6 times. Funds from operations as a percentage of debt and a low 20% range and debt to total capital in the low 50% range. In order to support these targets, we have plans to issue equity of $200 million to $250 million this year and approximately $800 million in each of the following two years. All the equity issued in 2008 will be through our dividend re-investment and direct stock purchase programs. We have not included any equity from the potential conversion of our convertible bond issue, since it does not result in any additional cash. The equity we plan to issue in ’09 and ‘010 will be through a combination of these programs and a series of small public market equity issuances timed in accordance with our needs for growth capital, and are expected to follow regulatory approvals for specific projects where applicable. Of course, we will also be tapping the debt markets as well this year. Our scheduled debt maturities totaled $1.5 billion. As Tom Chewning noted, one part of our plan to reduce debt has been delayed. And that is the application of proceeds from the LDC divestitures to paying down debt. We still plan to apply proceeds from the ultimate sales reduced debt, but we will simply carry higher short term debt balances in the interim. Currently, we have borrowed $1 billion under one of our credit facilities to bridge us to the sale. You can assume that incremental interest expense from this additional borrowing will be offset from earnings from these assets held per sale. Additionally we have plenty of capacity to issue incremental harbor securities, while the rating agencies are generally comfortable giving equity credit for these securities as long as they don’t exceed 15% of total capitalization. We currently have $800 million outstanding or 3% of our total capital. While we have no plans to come anywhere close to the 15% threshold we would be interested in tapping this market for another $500 million to $1 billion over this three year plan if the hybrid markets return to more normal pricing levels. That concludes treasuries update. Tom?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Scott. Today, we provided you in our guidance kit, a great deal of clarity about our 2008 business drivers. This information should enable you to better evaluate the profitability of our businesses from an understanding of a relative contribution of the business lines within our operating segments. Also, we have enough confidence in our earnings drivers to introduce an initial 2009 operating earnings forecast range of $3.25 to $3.40 per share. This growth in earnings, combined with an anticipated 11% increase in our dividend rate for 2009, should result in a total return to shareholders that reflects the value of our new business profile. Drivers expected to positively affect our outlook, compared to 2008 include income from allowed return on equity for generation construction projects in Virginia. Higher contributions from our gas transmission and storage businesses highlighted by a full year of expanded Cove Point facility and one fewer planned refueling outage at Millstone. The benefits of these drivers will be partially offset by lower royalty interests natural gas production and increased interest expenses and dilution from new equity issue to support our earnings growth. Keep in mind that beginning in 2009 we will be entitled to recover cash coverage of financing cost and the allowed return on equity, of qualified construction projects in Virginia. On page 45 of our guidance kit, we have added an exhibit that illustrates how an investment in a project such as the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center will translate to additional earnings and cash flow. That concludes their prepared remarks. Lindsey we are ready for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Dan.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, first of all thanks for all the great detail, this is a tremendous amount of stuff to wade through. Tom, I wondered, just kind of pick your brain a little bit, the thought process by going ahead and re-looking to sell the LDCs, and kind of given the pretty dramatic change in company profile in Dominion today versus what it was when you guys first made that decision.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, this is Tom Farrell. The reason why we decided to sell the LDCs in the first place has not changed. And that is that they were not going to add to our return on… increase our return on invested capital and approve it or at least to keep it even. We didn’t see any prospect of that changing over the long term. They are very good assets, and we expect to get good competition for them in the auction. But the original basis for selling them has not changed.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: You made comments also, looking out as far as the April capacity auction here next week. What is your thought process as far as risk to the market of a demand response kind not delivering on commitments? And how do you guys strategize as far as committing your assets, given what seems to be a pretty reasonable concern.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: I will let Mark answer that in detail, but we think it is highly unlikely that the promises being made will be delivered. And that’s going to lead to probably, much higher energy prices than people are expecting in New England, in 2010 and ‘011, but I will give the details to you and Mark on how we are planning on handling all that.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Yes, Dan the capacity option is based on public information that’s out there. They are projecting peaks of 32,000 megawatts to 33,000 megawatts in this auction period, and the demand side resources that have been put forth are in excess of 3,000 megawatts right now, most of which don’t exist today and have to be put in place for the next two years. So, that is going to set a floor, we believe that is going to be fairly low and it is going to inhibit new generation from being built in the Northeast which we think gives us, considerably more value for the assets that we have. The challenge for us is going to be, how do we decide to hedge 2010 and beyond and we are currently looking at our options on that, because we really believe that if the demand side doesn’t show up, the first place you are going to see it is in a much higher energy price until the market can correct with additional capacity.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: So, should we take from that, that it is… you are probably going lay off on the… the 1011 hedges for a while then?
Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: But we want to see the final results from the auction, but as you can see from some of the scores we have, we are not significantly hedged right now in ’10 and I think we will be more cautious than usual in the Northeast pending the results of the auction.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess what have you. Can you just talk a little bit about the coal hedging strategy, both in New England and in Virginia, and what you are seeing from a pricing and an availability perspective today?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We will start with Virginia. We have always averaged in Virginia. We have met with our regulators and gone over that strategy but that hasn’t changed significantly over the years. We tried to go fairly long on contract particularly at fairly isolated locations like our Mount Storm facility. We are seeing increases in our coal prices for Virginia. As more coal continues to go overseas from Central Ap which is the main area we buy for Virginia. We have done some pretty significant things in Virginia to help hedge as well. We have built an import facility at our Chesapeake Energy Center where we can now take foreign coal out there as well as domestic coal, we have real access. So, we have good balance there and again we average in. If you look at the Northeast, we have essentially locked most of our coal in for the next two years in the Northeast. We are buying international coal and we are also buying Central Ap coal. One good thing for us there is we are putting on two scrubbers that will be operational here at the end of this quarter, early next quarter at Brayton, which gives us additional flexibility. We have also locked in long term transportation contracts, well beyond this period and we also have throughput contracts through the Turner One, Virginia which gives us international and domestic capability there. So I think on the grade point side based on international pricing which has gone up significantly lately. We will probably going to sit tight for a while, but that’s why we went fairly long to next two years to prepare for a potential uptick like that.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, Mr. Eggers. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Sir please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jon.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: A quick question in terms of your assumptions on 2009 what have you assumed if anything in terms of timing of new rates in Virginia, is that more a 2010 event or is partial year impact, one way or another in ’09?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, we expect any rate adjustments to come into play late in 2009, it’ll be mostly a 2010 event.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So there is really nothing in this guidance for that shift?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: No, we have made assumptions about where we expect the rate review to come out, which is we don’t expect any significant change in our revenue requirements in Virginia, in ’09 or going into 2010. We need to recall that the regulatory regime does call for a base rate review and which we believe will be, receive very fair and equitable treatment as we have always had in Virginia. And at the same time it’s a forward-looking though not a test year, you look forward into 2010, so that you reduce the regulatory lag. So all the costs we are anticipating into 2010 will be taken into account. Our capital expenditures will be taken into account and then you have the riders that will be coming into play at the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, in the other aspects that we… have been talking about earlier this morning. The transmission lines, the peakers and North Anna will probably be in play by that time.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And as a follow-up to that, have you, and if you they were to end up pushing you towards an ROE similar to the staff recommendation in the Virginia City case. Would you still be talking about the numbers in the range, which you published today?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Jon, I only useful to speculate on something like that the staff has taken its position, we have taken our position and we will see how that comes out.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Could I just have one final thing, did, do you have a sense of what the4 Dominion Virginia Power in full jurisdictional earnings including generation, would have been in 2007 or some kind of sense earned ROE in ’07?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you for your question sir. Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz of Dahlman Rose. Ma'am please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Thank you. I say its more of a general question, your, the coal plants that you are planning. Could you remind us of the timing of, when you are supposed to be starting construction and also what you see costs per kilowatt for the plant?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Daniele the, we already had the public hearing on the plant. Last year the plant was found to be in the public interest by the State Corporation Commission, that was actually 2006, I guess. And the evidentiary hearing begins next Wednesday in Virginia, should take three or four days. We expect a decision from the State Corporation Commission in April, by April, and we are prepared to commence construction immediately. It’s a 585-megawatt plant.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay. And at this time roughly your cost per Kilowatt for the plant is roughly how much?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: It’s about $3,000 a KW; our revised filing with the regulators estimated recorders cost this plan to be about $1.8 billion.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Great. Similarly if you are looking at the, at your nuclear plants and the timing has, when do you sense that you will be able to put a finger on the potential cost of that plant. Its obviously too early because of the uncertainty regarding the timing but could you let us know when this could happen?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Danielle, we, we’ve been working with GE extensively on this and we would certainly hope that sometime in 2007 we will have significantly more cost information so we could move ahead. But that’s an ongoing process the one that we are working very hard with GE.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: So, you sense that given the progress and also because of the sense that you may get this filed et cetera, that over the next 12 months or so you will have a better sense of that?
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: That’s certainly our goal.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay. Great thanks.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you Danielle.
Operator: Thank you for your question madam. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity. Please go ahead.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Just wanted to follow up on the financing, so I kind of went through the calculations on page 23 and I guess, I was coming up with cashless deficit, of about $1.3 billion, which potentially needed to be financed into that market.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Carrie, that’s a reasonable conclusion from what’s on page 23.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Could you maybe talk about, with that, I guess you have a couple of a billion final maturities, and in some of the maturities are pollution control. I am just curious like how you are planning on attacking this and in the debt market in maybe a mix of taxable or tax exempt short-term, long-term financing it. It’s quite a large number.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, first off we talked about 200 to 250 of equity for the year.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. So that $1.3 billion, I calculated that was after that, but you are saying that it might be high.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: No. I am saying that if you subtract the equity out you get the number that you was talking about is about $1.3 billion.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Yes.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And then we are talking about long-term debt increasing during 2008 by about $200 million. So new issuances exceeding the maturities by that $200 million,
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: We also, I mentioned the potential use of hybrids to finance some of that where we would attempt to structure it so that we would get 50% equity credit.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Right. But you also said that that’s going to depend on market conditions correct.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That is correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And then also short-term debt balances are lower than they normally would be.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And throughout the year we would expect to ramp them up to normal levels. The combination will take care of that financing.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. But for long-term debt, you are looking at about net increase of about $200 million.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That is correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, for your question ma’am. Our next question comes from Sam Brothwell with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer:
Hey Sam,:
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Good morning, Sam
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Two quick questions, can you update us on, has there been any further developments legislatively vis-à-vis the Virginian restructuring law? And two strategically, going forward with your acreage in Appalachia we have seen a lot of the companies that we cover our ramping up their efforts targeting sales and so forth. Are you still going to kind of lay low on that or do you see your selves accelerating your efforts there, going forward.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Sam I will answer the first question. Paul Koonce will talk to you about the Marcellies share. There is one, I assume you are wondering about the bill that was proposed by senator Reynolds.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: That’s right.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Which would basically undo everything that was done last year. The committee that oversees all electric utility bills, it’s a combination the house of delegate’s members and senate members, actually met earlier this week and voted unanimously to recommend against that bill being accepted. It will be going to a senate committee probably next week. It could be the week after, because that’s, and that would be the last opportunity. So, it has been aired in front of the panel that was appointed by the legislature to be expert on these issues, and they voted unanimously to recommend against the bill being adopted. Now with that I will turn it over to Paul Koonce to talk about Appalachia.
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Sam, good morning. Just a couple of comments on unconventional programs in general. We have got about 1.6 million conventional acres. Now we have been since late 2006 and all of 2007. Looking at that acreage positioned us to see what’s the upset of that might be suitable for Marcellus development. We think the acreage position that we have imbedded within the 1.6 million is about 200 to 800,000 potential acre. We have drilled about 12 Marcellus shale wells throughout 2007. We are part of a 22 company consortium to look at those well stratographic tasting to see which ones are suitable for commercial production. So, in that vein we are very much in lock step with all of our peers in the basin and pursuing that opportunity. On coal bed methane over the last 18 months we have acquired about 300,000 coal bed methane acres, and we have drilled about 22 horizontal coal bed methane wells, either ourselves or with others. And throughout 2008 we will continue to examine that as well as Marcellus shale, for future developments in 2009 and beyond. But again on the coal bed methane side, least as I analyzed, that we are lockstep with others in the basin and in that unconventional program as well.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Paul D. Koonce - Chief Executive Officer, Transmission: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Thank you, for your question sir. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Just a quick question regarding the quarter’s results. I am looking at page 15 of the earnings release kit. And my first question relates to the 17% year-over-year increase in operations and maintenance expense, which in the fourth quarter was attenuated significantly. You had a decline year-over-year in the fourth quarter. My general question is, what is your expectation regarding the rate of increase in O&M expense in the years ahead, particularly in light of the inflationary pressures we have seen in the sector in recent years?
Joseph O’Hare - Director, Investor Relations: Hugh. This is Joe. Regarding the growth in O&M, I mean you would not expect… we don’t expect anything other than normal inflationary pressures. The presentation of O&M in those schedules can be misleading, because of how certain elements are classified. In our supplemental disclosure in the guidance kit we are actually taking… kind of directing you towards a margin orientation. And there was an anomaly in the comparative results that you are looking at, that actually is going to be self correcting as we report first quarter 2008 and beyond and those are similar to the… I guess the anomalies we discussed on past quarters.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: And in other words this is the hedging or?
Joseph O’Hare - Director, Investor Relations: Yes.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Now other energy related commodity purchases declined by 75%. What does that reflect?
Joseph O’Hare - Director, Investor Relations: Hugh… again on the… regarding these line items, these are detailed accounting type questions, that are going to be covered in the 10-K when we file that, but when we talk to you later this afternoon we would be happy to try to investigate the answer to that, but we are not prepared to answer that right now. I am sorry.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay.
Joseph O’Hare - Director, Investor Relations: And unless that… Gettrick is… but he might be.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Yes. Hugh, were you talking about page 20?
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: I am looking at page 15, operating results, year-over-year, other industry related commodity purchases have declined by 75%, saving you guys something like $750 million.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Yes. Hugh, all part is I want to just… I go and maybe what’s going on there but again you have what is individual line items as Joe said, you can have distortions just in the way of the accounting, requires you to categorize things, but one big item there was in 2006, the way that we accounted for the buy sell range which was in the Gulf of Mexico was really caused that bid. A big swing in the other energy related commodity purchases. And the other thing is, we have been accounting for the coal trading contracts through that line item, and that has declined significantly this year versus last year, and all of this has offset in the revenue line. So it doesn’t have a bottom line impact, and that’s why really particularly with the guidance we are really pushing people to… rather than focusing on the individual line items, we had these kind of weird distortions, focus on bottom line margins, EBIT, et cetera.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and then just one quick here about the forecast. What is your expectation of the Dominion Virginia Power’s regulated equity going into the 2009 rate case?
Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Well, you mean the actual amount?
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Yes.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Where it’s... Look 50-50 basis.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: No. I know but I was just wondering if you have either the rate base estimate or the equity estimate for 2009?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Not off the top of top of our heads but we can get it for you.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: All right. Thank you. I will call back then.
Operator: Okay. Thank you for your questions sir and the next question comes from Ryan Wrighton [ph] with Barrel Hanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. My question is for Tom Farrell. Tom, there have been a number of conflicting reports I guess regarding your view of a potential NOP on pipeline and storage assets. Can you update us now in 2008 how you are looking at that going forward? Thank you.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. We have been watching carefully the MLP market and the political atmosphere in Washington around tax advantaged structures like this. There was a lot of noise around it in Washington last year, it seems to have settled down. We are interested in watching what happens in the selection cycle because tax advantage structures sometimes don’t survive in Washington. This one seems to be doing pretty well, though at least so far. We recognize the financial benefits that MLPs can bring. So, we are taking a very interested wait and see attitude, we do have a team internally looking at MLP structures but I wouldn’t anticipate anything in the near term on that.
Operator: Okay. Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Catapult Capital. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Yes. Hi everyone.
Thomas F. Farrell II, - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Just a little bit of a detailed question on the merchant and particularly the NEPOOL assets . If you look at the just the difference in the price of hedging ’08 versus ’07, it would look like your NEPOOL assets should be up of course to $300 million, between mid -60’s price and the mid-70s price but they are up $160 million to $185 million. Is that just volume difference you mentioned, and could you just reiterate again some of the outage data that Mark maybe went through Millstone in the call?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: Sure Steve. A large piece is the outage information. We have an additional outage at Millstone that we didn’t have previously in the previous year. So, that is a huge driver for that.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: So, ’08 is a double outage year?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: ’08 is a double outage year. That’s right.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Okay. And then ’09?
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: ’09 will go back to a single outage year.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Got you.
Mark F. McGettrick - Executive Vice President, Dominion Generation: And we also Steve are… have a couple of significant outages at Brayton Point where we have scrubber tie-ins, I and II which we are going to take this spring. So, I think the vast of majority of what you are referencing is those two items.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes, Lindsay. Thank you. Just a reminder that our Form 10-K will be filed with the SEC on or about February 29 and our first quarter earnings release is scheduled for May 1 of this year. I would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we wish you a safe rest of the winter. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and please have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Kottkamp - Directorof Investor Relations Tom Farrell - Chief Executive Officer Tom Chewning - Chief Financial Officer Mark McGettrick - Executive Vice President; President andChief Operating Officer Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Fremont - Jefferies Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein Rudy Tolintino - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Dominion'sThird Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now from Tom Farrell, Dominion'sChief Executive Officer and Mr. Tom Chewning, Dominion's Chief FinancialOfficer in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines in a listen-onlymode. After conclusion of Mr. Chewning's prepared remarks we will open thefloor for questions. At that time instructions will be given as the procedureto follow should you want to ask a question. I would like to turn the call over to Laura Kottkamp, Director of Investor Relations.Laura, please go ahead.
Laura Kottkamp: Thanks, Lindsay. Good morning and welcome to Dominion'sthird-quarter earnings conference call. During this call we will refer tocertain schedules included in this morning's earnings release or to pages fromour third quarter 2007 earnings release kit. These schedules are intended to answer the more detaileddiscreet questions pertaining to operating statistics and accounting. InvestorRelations will be available after the call for any clarification of theseschedules. While we encourage to you call with questions in the timepermitted after our prepared remarks, we ask that you use the time addressquestions of a strategic nature. If you have not done so, I encourage you tovisit our web site, register for E-Mail alerts and view our third-quarter 2007earnings documents. Our web site address is www.dom.com/investors. Now for theusual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will bediscussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements andestimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filing, including our most recentAnnual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for discussion offactors that may cause results to differ from management's projections,forecast, estimates and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about ourcompany's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. You can findthe reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our Investor Relationsweb site under GAAP reconciliation. I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Tom Farrell. Tom.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Laura and good morning. This morning I am goingto discuss our newly aligned business units, provide an update on our growthprojects and regulatory status, highlight operational achievements andtransactions for the quarter, and comment on the Board's decision to increaseour dividend and approve a two-for-one stock split. Tom Chewning will then review our third-quarter earningsresults, explain significant items included in GAAP earnings but excluded fromoperating earnings, touch briefly on our progress to repurchase common shareswith net divestiture proceeds, and discuss financing plans for our growthprojects, particularly in Virginia. This quarter, we closed on the last of the E&P propertysales with the sale of the Mid-Continent reserves to Lynne energy for $2billion bringing total gross from the sale of our non-AppalachianE&P assets to nearly $14 billion. The separate aspect of the strategic realignment was ourreorganization effective October 1st into three operating units. DominionVirginia Power, which includes the regulated electric distribution and electricoperations in Virginia and North Carolina, as well as the nonregulated retailenergy marketing and customer service operations. Dominion Generation, which includes the regulated andunregulated power generation business, and Dominion Energy, which includes thenatural gas distribution, transmission, gathering and storage operationsincluding Cove Point, as well as our Apalachicola-based E&P operation andservices. This alignment positions us to best execute our growthprojects and construction programs beginning in 2008. In actuality, we’ve begunto take the necessary steps to realize many of these future plans for projectsregulated by the state of Virginia, those under FERC jurisdiction, and those inour unregulated portfolio. We have more than $6 billion in growth CapEx outlined forthe next three years for our regulated and unregulated businesses. We have anumber of project applications, as well as actual construction runningconcurrently that position us to begin decade of new construction. As most ofyou are aware, the legislation enacted in April of this year seeks to makeVirginia energy independent. EJM has shrinking reserve margin in a market with barriersbuilding, the market stands to worsen. Facing a shortage of at least 4,000megawatts over the next decade for Virginia alone, our legislature wisely tookaction to close this gap. Reducing Virginia's reliance on the wholesale markets helpsconsumers avoid the rate shock that could otherwise had resulted when rate capsexpired. As a result, the legislation provides incentives for utilities tobuild new generation across the state and bears the backing of many stakeholdergroups. We have responded to our new state policy by activelypursuing a number of projects to begin to close our energy gap. For example, wehave filed for and have already received State Corporation Commission approvalfor two peaking units at Lady Smith located on the outskirts of the WashingtonD.C. suburbs. That $135 million project is already under construction.Later today, we will file an application to site a new third peaking unit atLadysmith. In July, we filed an application to construct a 585-megawattVirginia City hybrid energy, center clean coal plant in Southwest Virginia. The project is expected to cost $1.6 billion and to beoperational by 2012. Our filing request and 11.5% return on equity with anadditional 200 basis points requested because the facility is carbon capturecompatible. The plant has already been found to be in the publicinterest of the State Corporation Commission, the next stage of the approvalprocess is a hearing scheduled in January. As specified by law the commissionhas expected to render a final order no later then next April. Later this month, we will apply for combined operatinglicense for our north Unit 3. Knowing the length and seriousness of thelicensing process, Dominion first applied to the NRC in 2003 for an early sitepermit. We are now four years later awaiting the final decision onthat permit, which we expect very soon. This is not an expeditious process, butwe are looking to receive licensing approval before making a large capitalinvestment. It seems the more prudent path for our shareholders andoptically accelerating a multimillion-dollar multiyear project. In addition toour generation build; we have three new transmission lines in the queue. The first line has been approved as to its need and thecommission is finalizing the route. This pleasant view line will cost about $65million. We held public hearings in July and August on the proposed Meadowbrookto Loudoun line, which serves a critical need in northern Virginia. The evidentiary hearing is scheduled for this comingFebruary. We expect the State Corporation Commission approval process for this$250 line to conclude in the Fall of next year. The evidentiary hearing for ourCarson to Suffolk line to serve southeastern Virginia and income, a $215million project is also scheduled for February with a similar time lineexpected to conclude that process. Although these lines will fall under FERC rate jurisdictionwhen cap rate expire at the end of next year, they are under the StateCorporation Commission's siting authority. We expect these electrictransmission projects will be subject to the new formula-based FERC ratemakingprinciples. We filed that requested FERC last week. Like Virginia's newregulatory model, this new FERC process contemplates forward-looking reviews,trued-up on an annual basis. Because electric transmission rates are subject torider treatment under our Virginia law, transmission portion of our rates willbe refreshed on a near current basis once they are completed. All buteliminating regulatory lag for these growth related projects that arecritically necessary to serve Virginia's fast-growing population. Our gas transmission and storage projects are alsoprogressing. In September, for example, FERC approved our USA storage project,which will provide another 4.4 Bcf of gasstorage to our network. Construction will take about two years. And we continue on with construction at Cove Point. For thisquarter, we raised the roofs on both new LNG storage tanks and remain onschedule for a late 2008 completion. Finally, our Appalachian E&P operationhas ten rigs running adding over 30 new conventional wells per month. As we move from a predominantly unregulated entity to a moreregulated entity, we will increase the visibility of our new growth projectsand their time lines. We also want to ensure that you know about time lines ontransactions as well as rate cases in filings under review. On such matters, in the first week of October, the thirdCircuit Court of appeals heard oral arguments regarding the sale of Dominionpeoples to equitable. The court is reviewing the case on an expedited basis andalthough no set timetable we expect a decision this month. In August, the West Virginia Commission set a deadline forfinal briefs to be filed on November 16 for the review of our sale applicationof Hope Gas. We believe we will prevail on both matters and expect to close bythe end of the year. In late August, Dominion East Ohio filed its firstapplication for an increase in base rates since 1994. Our file testimony supports 12% return on equity and $73million revenue requirement increase. The commission typically issues anopinion and order in such cases 9 to 10 months after the application is made.Although we have a number of ways through new legislation and the regulatoryprocess to achieve our earnings outlook and long-term growth rate. New build is not the only driver of earnings at Dominion.This quarter highlighted many of the ways of how we are recognizing valuedopportunities across our portfolio. As part of our goal improve our return oninvested capital, for example. Generation completed the sale of Generationfacility to AEP for approximately $85 million. It is what will be, what is an accretive transaction. In theNortheast where peak demand growth has outpaced capacity development, we arewell positioned to receive uplift from our capacity and energy revenues. We arethe largest generator of power in New England, supplying approximately 20% ofthe market. With little new construction expected, we can upgradecurrent facilities such as at our Millstone Unit 3 to capitalize on thefinancial incentives this market provides. Additionally as one example of plansto use our proceeds from the E&P sale toward value accretive purposes,Generation executed an agreement with Epsilon to terminate a power purchaseagreement associated with our State Line plant. This agreement will add more than $35 million of averageannual after tax cash earnings for the next five years. That transaction closedlast night. I have discussed with you our numerous growth projects andapplications. Part of our challenge, though, is to ensure while we focus on thefuture we not lose sight of delivering excellent results in the present, notjust from pride as company but as obligation to our shareholders. As we enter our new regulatory environment the company isincentivized and rewarded for performing at excellent levels. I am pleased thatthis quarter our business unit performed at a superior level. We met thehighest ever peak demand for power, while improving customer service andimproving our safety record. On August 08, we delivered 19,688 megawatt to our Virginia,North Carolina electricity customers, surpassing by 300 megawatts the prioryear record, all-time record. Our units performed exceptionally well, not just in ourVirginia service territory but in our merchant Fleet as well. Across the board,I found some hydro-coal units achieved a equivalent availability factor of93.1%, its third best quarter performance, since the year 2000. At the same time that we were increasing our output, ouraverage speed of answering service calls was over 50% faster than last year andwe saw OSHA recordables reduced by over 30% in both the former energy anddelivery company. We are embarking upon a period of capital growth projectswhile continuing to deliver operational results at a high level. Our growthprospects in this quarter's operating results support our outlook for 2008. We confirm our operating earnings outlook for 610 to 625 ashare in 2008 with annual growth of at least 6% thereafter. With this view ofour future growth and a earnings stream that is more regulated and lessvolatile, after the divestiture of our E&P properties. Our Board of Directors last week voted to increase thequarterly common stock dividend. A higher dividend is a testament for abilityto deliver return to shareholders and the fundamental strength of our companyin our business plan. The increase to $0.79 equates to an 11% increase over thecurrent dividend and brings our current payout ratio to slightly more than 50%of our forecasted range of EPS for 2008. The board also affirmed management's recommendation toestablish a policy to achieve a 2010 payout ratio of approximately 55% in linewith the average of our utility peer group. And considering our expectedoperating earnings per share growth rate, shareholders should expect similarsize dividend rate increases or 11% or more in 2009 and 2010 to reach thispayout ratio. Our Board of Directors also approved a two-for-one stocksplit. While you understand that the fundamentals of our stock remain intactand unaffected by this action, you also know that a lower entry point forquality stock often entices new entrants, especially in the retail sector. These actions signal the board's confidence in our futureearnings stability, as well as, it is an indication of management's positiveoutlook for the direction of our company. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom Chewning.
Tom Chewning: Thanks, Tom. Before, I review the third-quarter results, Iwant to discuss the newly aligned business units in terms of how they affectour financial reporting. We realigned our business units on October 1st, as TomFarrell previously outlined and we will report by these new business segmentseffective with year-end 2007 results, however, our third-quarter andyear-to-date numbers continue to be reported under the organizational structureincluding our E&P segment. Dominion produced operating earnings of $1.72 per share inthe third-quarter 2007 compared to $1.88 per share in last year's thirdquarter. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower natural gas and oilproduction, due to the sale of our non-Appalachian properties, the absence of abenefit from business interruption insurance recorded in the third quarter of2006. Lower contributions from the company’s producer services andgas transition businesses. And non-recurrence of gains from sales of excessemission allowances. These negatives were partially offset by the recovery ofVirginia fuel expenses, which is returned as a pass through to customers onJuly 1, higher contributions from the merchant generation businesses, lowerinterest expenses and lower average common shares outstanding. Complete details of third-quarter 2007 operating earningscompared with third-quarter 2006 can be found on schedules 4 and 5 of ourearnings release. Most significantly, in the wake of our sale of E&P, wesaw better-than-forecasted earnings in our delivery, energy and generationareas. With the realignment of operating units, we anticipate thatyou will see greater transparency in our earnings drivers within each businessunit, beginning with guidance in the first quarter and full 2008 year, whichwill provided in our January 2008 call. On a GAAP basis $7.24 in the third quarter of 2007, comparedto earnings of $1.85 per share in the third quarter of 2006. Factors that ledto most of the third quarter gain included in reported earnings, but excludedfrom operating earnings right to the E&P divestiture. Net against the gainon sale of $2.1 million, our charges for the de-designation of certain hedgesand charges related to the early retirement of debt associated with our debttender offer. The resulting net benefit relation to sale of our E&Pbusinesses in the third quarter was $1.9 billion. We also took an impairment of$140 million related to the termination of State Line's power purchaseagreement and a $55 million charge related to the impairment of certainDominion capital investments. A complete reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings canbe found on schedules two and three of our earnings release. In light of ourtermination of the power purchase agreement at State Line, we have new marketprice exposure in the Midwest. As part of the termination, the existing coalcontracts were assigned to us and account for the majority of expectedrequirements in 2008 and 2009. And keeping with our hedging philosophy, energy margins havealready been locked in to match these coal purchase volumes. Over the time, wewill supplement these existing coal contracts with additional purchases andwill match them with energy sales to lock in margin. For our current hedge positions, please see the schedules onpages 29, 30 and 31 of the earnings release kit. You will notice that we haveexpanded our hedge disclosure to include our positions for the year 2009. Lastquarter we discussed our debt tender, which along with reductions in othersecurities has resulted in a debt reduction of approximately $3.3 billion. In the third quarter we completed an equity tender fornearly $58 million shares and then purchased another $4.5 million shares ofstock in the open market. When added to the market purchases we completed inJune, we have repurchased nearly $64 million shares for just under $5.8billion. The average price to buy back stock was less than we expected. As aresult of that positive variance, we now have approximately $300 millionunspent from our projected divestiture activities. We have not yet determined how to apply these funds. Ouroptions include funding another accretive transaction such as the State Linecontract buyout. Repurchasing additional shares and reducing the year end 2007debt balance. All of these options will be positives to our originaldivestiture pro forma for 2008. During the third quarter of 2007, the Company paid down itscommercial paper balances from the proceeds of its E&P asset sales, theonly uses of our liquidity facilities as of September 30, 2007 was to supportletters credit for issues of collateral for hedge volumes. Including cash andcash equivalent, we ended the quarter at $5 billion of liquidity. Tom Farrell commented on this quarter's operational resultsas a testament to the viability of our model and supportive of our outlook for2008. Our core units are performing better than forecasted and we set in motiona number growth projects that will add incremental and significant dollars toour rate base going forward. On the heels of Tom the telling the growth opportunities andgeneration and transmission that we are undertaking or plan to undertake inVirginia, I would like to touch on the financing of these projects. We do notexpect to be free cash flow positive in regulatory environments that provideattractive incentives for new required instructions. You can however, expect us to be free cash flow positiveafter maintenance CapEx and dividends including the recently announcedincrease. We have no plans for a market equity issuance in 2008; however, we doplan for new equity to be issued in 2008 and supportive our direct stock purchaseplans including our dividend reinvestment program. Those issuances in addition to the expected conversion ofour contingent convertible securities they provide approximately $200 millionin new equity in 2008. Beginning in 2009, in addition to our direct stock purchaseplans, you can expect the Company to have smaller, more frequent share issuanceto support a 50% equity component when financing our growth projects becausethese issuances will fund specific, accretive and approved projects, we expectthat the market will readily accept these transactions. We are dedicated to maintaining a strong triple B or highercredit rating even with the large capital expenditures we will see with theupcoming Bill projects. That concludes the financial portion of our quarterly call.I will speak on behalf of all management when I say we are pleased with ourstrategic alignment and excited for the future. Lindsay, you may open the linefor questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from DanEggers with Credit Suisse. Sir, please go ahead.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: The first question I guess can you talking about Virginiacity a little bit given and our position we have seen elsewhere in the countryit new called. What is the appetite in the state and is there any risk weshould be thinking about as far as getting all the approvals there.
Tom Farrell: Good morning, Dan. The couple of things to keep in mindabout Virginia city. It is being built in the coal-producing region ofVirginia. The plant was initially thought of or encouraged by an act of ourGeneral Assembly, which established the construction of the coal plant in thatregion of the state. It’s is not only meeting helping to meet Virginia's energyneeds but also specifically as an economic development project for that portionof our state which is relatively higher unemployment. The plant has alreadybeen found to be in the public interest by the State Corporation Commission inan initial preceding that was filed last year. So we are very confidence that the plant will be approved.There are obviously people concerned about coal as there are -- every otherpart of the country. But we think we had, there is an unique situation here. Wedo believe the plant will be completed. I will also, point out that this is a fluidized bedtechnology which has very low NOX, SOX, mercury emissions, and we are workingwith Virginia tech University on carbon sequestration projects in the region,the plant is carbon capture compatible in its construction and design. So wethink, we will be able to demonstrate to everyone that it is perfectlyappropriate to proceed with that plan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. On the State Line decision to unwind thatcontract. I know that was planned at one point in time that you consideredselling. Can you just talk about the thought process of deciding a core assetyou guys want to hang on to and how it fits into your portfolio from yourperspective?
Tom Farrell: We, as part of the marketing of our three peaking units thatwere sitting there in the Ohio valley, basically we included State Line. We sawmore value in State Line than any of the bidders did so made the determinationthat, to keep it. And I am thrilled that we did particularly now that we havebeen able to buy out the contract with Exelon in a transaction we said is thatwe could use these funds from the E&P transaction and buy back stock or canwe find a transaction that is more accretive than using the funds to buybackstock. So we talked to Exelon about it, they are willing to discussit, the negotiations went on for an extended period of time as you might expectand but fortunately we were able to consummate that. It is an excellent plant.It sits in a perfect spot to help serve the needs. It right outside the city ofChicago. And we are very pleased to be able to get, capture themarket value of that plant now rather than having to wait another four years.As you know, we have similar contracts at Kincaid which is twice the size ofthis plant same ten year on it we have a similar contract on our Elwood peakingfacilities and we have a contract on a Kiwanis facility that expires a yearafter this fossil plants. Part of our job here is to safely converting some of thatlocked-up value forward. Prior to the State Line plant, we had about $250million in pretax margins that we were missing out on because of thoselong-term contracts we got when we bought those facilities. So, we are working away on that. But at the end, thosecontracts will expire and we will benefit from that happening.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I guess just one last question. When do you expect thepieces of Cove Point to come? I think there was same year kind of a phasedstart-in from those. Should we assume its all end of '08 or where it endsearlier in '08?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi, Dan, this is Paul Patterson. You should expect that tocome into service like third quarter early fourth quarter '08. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Next question comes fromDaniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose. Madam please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you and I was just wondering what is the totalcapacity of the peak you intent to build and what should be -- what do youanticipate to be the total cost?
Mark McGettrick: Daniele, this is Mark McGettrick. The two peakers that we’veapplied for at Ladysmith and gotten approved in aggregate that’s 300 megawattsand they are going to cost about $135 million. They will come on line summer ofnext year. The third peaking unit that Tom referenced was an additionalunit at Ladysmith, which will be 150 megawatts and will cost about $79 million,and it will come on in the late summer of '09.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay and in the best-case scenario, when do you anticipateto see the beginning of earnings on that core plant. I know it could be far inthe future, but in the best-case scenario.
Mark McGettrick: On the coal plant.
Tom Farrell: On the coal plant, that regulatory proceeding is scheduledfor January of next year. We are already accruing AFUDC on that plant, but wewill see some book earnings next year. Once the plant is approved, it will getwider treatments so we will begin to get cash earnings beginning 01/01/09 onthat.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great, thank you.
Mark McGettrick: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes fromPaul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just a few quick questions, the first one is on the morefrequent equity issues in 2009. I think you indicated it the accretive. Can you give us a little bit a little more sense of kind ofthe total amount you might be thinking about there. And then Dominion Capital,what caused the impairment and should we -- is that finally done? Are we sortof over with Dominion Capital or there a potential for other things tohappening is there any credit situation?
Mark McGettrick: I am going to, let Scott to answer the second question andthen I will answer the first.
Scott Hetzer: Well, at Dominion Capital, we have about $200 million offinancial assets left. $125 million will in the of CDOs and mortgage residuals,which are left over and we are currently talking about a buyer in each case,and those the impairment for the third quarter certainly reflects currentmarket conditions for that. The remaining -- the remainder of that $200 million about$75 million is associated with Vidalia Hydro Assessment, which is strategic andwe will plan on keeping that going forward. We also have $167 million, $168million of tax assets roughly 40 of it are simply prepaid taxes and in thebalance about a $125 million are deferred taxes, some of which are expected tobe released, when we actually sell the financial assets I just mentioned, the$125 million. So, we are making progress, we sold another operatingcompany in the third about $30 million. We are making progress, this currentmarket disruption has slowed us down just a little bit, but we expect to makemore progress either between now and the end of the year, certainly into '08.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And for the write-offs for the most part look like they areout of the way?
Scott Hetzer: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great.
Mark McGettrick: Paul, the first question, when we take a look at our cashflow after maintenance CapEx and dividends we do have positive cash flow, butnot sufficient to fund a 50/50 ratio of equity to debt on our new growthprojects. So its we have a situation in which you will have well under$1 billion dollars of new weak equity each year in 9 and 10 that we wouldexpect to be breaking up in the form of our dividend reinvestment program thatwill account for $200 million or more and then obviously relatively smallequity offerings. We are being intended particularly in Virginia, to we have a50/50 debt cap structure there and we are getting projected quick and beginningin 2009. So, it makes a lot of sense to go ahead and issue that equity ratherthan let it hang over the market as we are actually collecting rates from ourcustomers that will pay us a return on equity, as well as the interest expenseon the debt 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay great thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you for your question sir our next question comes fromPaul Fremont with Jefferies. Sir, please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Just a quick question on the 2008 guidance. There is goingto be a remaining stream of earnings that I think are associated with VPPtransactions that you took back in house. Are those should we look at theearnings from those as being included in the of 610, 625, or are they going tobe held off as nonrecurring.
Tom Farrell: Well they are included in the 610 and 625; however, when welook forward to 2009 and beyond, when they are not going to be there our plansstill grow 6% or greater over the EPS of 2008 and 2009. So, yes, they areincluded. They will drop off, but we more than make up for it in other ways.
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you very much.
Tom Farrell: Thank you Paul.
Operator: Thank you, for your question sir. The next question comesfrom Paul Ridzon with Deutsche Bank. Sir, please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: It’s Paul Ridzon With KeyBanc. Can you hear me?
Tom Farrell: Yes Paul Good morning. Everybody is named Paul. But…
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I think Paul Debose is next. Just a detail. The $300 millionthat you still have sitting, is there kind of a placeholder for that in yourguidance or could that investment opportunity be incremental?
Tom Farrell: Well it really won't change the range for this point. Is thesale will beyond the year January 31 and update our range for the year. Isanything, it can certainly raise the low end above where we have given it tothis point. But and help us get to the top end. We have certain options.And so some are more accretive than others and so we won't be able until year-end to know what happened with that money. And we will give you more guidance.So we wouldn't change necessarily our range right now as we haven't accountedfor it yet, but it will definitely help.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. The next question comesfrom Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Sir, please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Tom Farrell: Hey, Jonathan.
Tom Farrell: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just reading the press release on your statements on thedividend and how people we should expect similar sized dividend increases in'09 and '10 to reach the payout ratio and firstly I am guessing you are talkingpercentages. And secondly, does that mean that the increase we just hadeffectively you see that as a 2008 increase and the next one would be we’velook at late '08 for payment in '09.
Tom Farrell: We can't speak for our directors. They took the decision togo to $0.79 for this quarter. I think we can obviously assume that if thatunless they get together again was they can any time and decide to want tochange it, but I would assume that we would get back short of that to havingthat as an annual rate. And then the increases we would have in '09 would be guided,say, to around a 53% payout ratio and then take earnings for '08, add 6% times53 if you want to play a modeling game and then add 6% to those earnings andthen go up to 55%. And but I would think the calendar year '08, just a modelfor modeling purposes right now would be at this rate of $0.79 a quarter.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. One other thing I apologize. I might havemissed this. I believe there was a date in the merger agreement with equitableon the LDC sales where you of November 1. I think, that is today to either toextend the agreement or not. Can you just have that been extended until theyhave new final days or anything like that?
Tom Farrell: Jonathan, actually I think, the original merger agreementhad a June 1st date or some like that. We have extended that twice. And thepresent state of it is that at the end of November 1st, either party has theright to give notice that they don't want to proceed. So there's no additional extension drafted up or written up.We are now in a position sort of if anybody wants to walk, they can walk. Ithink that we do not expect that to occur. We have no indication that that willoccur. We talked to equitable on a daily basis about proceedingwith the transaction. And as we said in the beginning Jonathan, you may havemissed this part, we expect a decision from the Third Circuit during the monthof November on the Peoples part of it. As far as Hope goes in West Virginia, the commission Ithink, the opening briefs are actually due today and the final briefs are dueon the 16th, simultaneous file briefs on the 16th, and they could rule any timethereafter. All the evidence is done and all that. It is just now, thelawyers putting the briefing. So we are confident that we will prevail on bothof those and that we will close by the end of the year.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: But you anticipate some further extension, sort of anopen-ended agreement that the point?
Tom Farrell: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And one quick other one if I may. On Dominion capital,I think I heard this right. You said you will $200 million of financial assetsleft, which 125 were, CDO’s and mortgage residuals. And if your writedown inthe quarter was 55, if we grossed that out for tax it would be around 85. And If that was all related to the financial asset book, itlooks like you might have written that down to say 40% of what is happening onthe books for us. Am I doing that math correctly? And when you make thestatement around that's more or less reflecting the current market. Is thatwhat you are getting at?
Tom Farrell: I think you might have written it down about 40%.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Tom Farrell: But not written down to 40%.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Written down by 40%. That is what I meant.
Tom Farrell: Yes. I think, that is about right.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. The next question comesfrom Carrie Saint Louis of Fidelity.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Hi. I have a couple of quick questions. Going forward. I wasjust wondering, if you could comment how much CP you are expecting to haveoutstanding or you are going to be using that program as largely as you usedhistorically?
Tom Farrell: We currently have zero outstanding right now as a result ofthe proceeds from the divestitures. As we fund the tax Bill in the fourthquarter for December 15, we expect to use that market and we would expect tohave balances somewhere around $1 billion and a half or so. And so, we feelvery good about that. Actually, we also have some potential to issue some otherdebt, either Virginia Power or Dominion to reduce some of that exposure. Wewill certainly keep an eye on the market. As you know during the meltdown, theliquidity meltdown, we were okay and still acceptable in the market but spreadshave widened out. We want to maintain our flexibility and if we think, thatthe markets are running into some sort of train wreck near your end, we willtake a capital markets issue once to avoid that.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. And then turning towards the discussion recording freecash flow and so forth, I have a couple of questions here. So looking at yournew CapEx forecast, do you have quite a considerable amount in the growthcategory? And I am just trying to understand. So you said, you would be freecash flow positive, just assuming the maintenance CapEx?
Tom Farrell: Maintenance CapEx and dividends, we have not released to themarket but we have done a three-year forward projection. We have positive cashflow in each of those years after CapEx and payment of dividend. We do not havesufficient...
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Right.
Tom Farrell: …excess cash flows to fund 50% of those projects. So we willgo to the market and to a dividend reinvestment program to try to keep uppretty much contempt ruinously with the expenditures.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Right, but your growth CapEx is $2 billion. I don't assumethe free cash flow deficit is that large but I think, you mentioned earlier andif I heard this right it’s about billion of free cash flow deficit?
Tom Farrell: No I said that the equity that we will need to raise is lessthan $1 billion dollars a year.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Tom Farrell: 50/50.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Tom Farrell: Financing of growth Cap Ex.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. And can you just remind us regarding your new credittargets going forward? I appreciate the commitment to the strong triple B, butwhat metrics are you specifically targeting and since you are issuing or notplanning or issuing equity in '08, I am assuming that you are still beachieving your credit targets in '08 minus the equity issuance.
Tom Farrell: Carrie, before I turn it to Scott, we will have equityissued in '08 we’ll not have a public market estimate a public issuance. Wewill raise about $200,000 from our dividend reinvestment program and from someconvertible securities that we expect to convert. So it’s just that we are not going to have public CapitalMarkets equity issuance. We don't anticipate it in '08, but I will turn overthe question of metric targets to Scott.
Scott Hetzer: And Carrie, the targets that we are using those that areappropriate for what we consider to be a risk profile file company for thetriple B plus rating and that’s what we are striving for and we see that as FFOto interest of 3.6 times or greater. FFO to debt low 20% range and debt-to-cap,low 50% range.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. And these targets, when are you targeting achievingthem even though you are not at that FFO to debt currently.
Scott Hetzer: That at end of the third year, we would expect to be there.About 2010.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: By 2010. Okay. All right.
Scott Hetzer: Carrie, along the way we will be exceeding some of thosetargets.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Because I thought you were high teens for FFO to debtcurrently.
Scott Hetzer: That's correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. But that high teens not expected to drop is what I amsaying.
Scott Hetzer: No, it is not.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question comes fromHugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Sir, please go ahead.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. I have two questions. One just tracking the growth ofO&M expense at the Company. I see there was a 46% increase in O&Mexpense and the consolidated results of the third quarter and broadly speaking,a 30% increase in O & M expense over the first 9 months of the year. My first question was, what was driving that and seems to beprimarily in the generation business. And then the second question is in orderto track the progress of the Virginia City Plant and make sure that it makesthe various hurdles that could feed from entering rate base, could you detailthe various permits that lie ahead and the deadlines for obtaining them,construction, air, regulatory approval and so far.
Tom Farrell: You go.
Tom Chewning: I will take on the O&M increase and you are right, itwas really driven at generation and really three big drivers of thatyear-over-year change. One is the way that emission sales are accounted forthat’s actually a credit to O&M expense. And emissions sales are down thisyear versus last. So that's one of the drivers. Another is just hedging effects as we have seen this inother parts of the business in the past. Oftentimes, when you hedge the impactof the hedging goes through O&M and in this case it actually resulted in anincrease in O&M, but there is offset in revenue. So there is no bottom-line impact because you realize, therealized revenues that were contemplated by the hedging but what it does it hasthe effect of distorting the O&M. And then finally, it is also financial transmission rightsin a way that is a credit to expense as well. And a big impact that happenedthis year was we actually, we went back on to fuel clause, those creditsstarted willing to the fuel and therefore again. So really these impacts thatyou see end up getting washed out for the most part to the bottom line, but itdistorts the O&M line.
Tom Farrell: And I guess the -- to give another bottom line. Our marginsdid not suffer in the third quarter actually. Our margins were improved acrossthe board.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: What, operating income to revenues you mean?
Tom Farrell: In terms of our, the way we keep score internally. Not GAAPand not according calendar but when we take a look, for instance, at merchantgeneration or Virginia generation or whatever, expenses have not cut intomargins. Margins have actually improved.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Operating income as a percentage of revenue has declined Ibelieve, right? It is either here nor there. I just want an explanation of theO&M? It’s all right.
Tom Farrell: I think our explanation is being pretty solid up here andthat is that sometimes like sales of emissions really -- we didn’t have anyomission sales which we pointed out so that changes O&M. But thank you for your question, but I will say this thatone of my jobs as CFO is to take a look at expenses and expense controls in thecompany and our records is way ahead on expense control this year and atlooking at margins in the third quarter and margins for the year, there arepositive what we projected them to be.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks. And then on the Virginia City side?
Tom Farrell: Hugh, Mark McGettrick again. Two key milestones in terms ofapprovals in permitting. We touched on one. We filed for this facility in Julyof last year. Regulators have a schedule where they will hear the case in earlyJanuary or are required by statute to have an order within a nine-month periodso that reported right at the end of March, first part of April so that will bea certificate process. The only other major permit that you have to get in terms ofcan your plan approved is a air permit. We expect to draft an air permit to beout for public comment within the next couple of weeks and that time frame interms of approval coincides really with the approval by the regulators on thecertificate. So, we would expect that late March.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. That is very simple. You basically have two approvals,the SEC certificate in March, early April draft, and then the air permitexpected to be out at the same time. And that's the end of the story as far aspending approvals?
Tom Farrell: Any approvals of significance. That's true.
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Hugh.
Operator: Thank you for your question sir. The next question comesfrom Rudy Tolintino with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rudy Tolintino - Morgan Stanley: Hi. As far as State Line goes, will there be anyenvironmental upgrades needed to comply with any state laws?
Tom Farrell: Right now, we don't anticipate any significant upgrades forState Line over the next three or four years. We may look at putting a SNCR onone or both of those units next decade but nothing in the next three or fouryears.
Rudy Tolintino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then back to Hugh's question on the O&M. Itake it the Epsilon transaction and impairment that slide through O&M atgeneration?
Tom Farrell: Rudy, it would not be on any operating earnings measures.
Rudy Tolintino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So still on page 20, the 401, that was…
Tom Farrell: Yeah, that has nothing to do with that transaction.
Rudy Tolintino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comesfrom Steve Fleishman with Catapult Partners. Sir, please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Yes. Hi, thank you. Couple of questions. First, on theproceeds from the E&P sales. Just to check the numbers you said you’ve done$5.8 billion of share repurchase and then its $240 million for the contractbuyout?
Tom Farrell: Well, actually you are using about $139 million for thecontract buyout after tax.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. So if we took, that would then been $5.94. Sobasically that would imply that you were expecting another 300 on top of thatas available to use. So, okay. Got you. And secondly, in the certificate case onthe coal plant, are they still reviewing whether you need this power and ifthis is the best way to get this power or are they just reviewing theregulatory treatment of the plant?
Tom Farrell: The plant has already been deemed in the public need. Now,they will look and there has been testimony filed in terms of the economicviability of the coal plant versus other options. So they will look at that butmain proceeding will be around prudency of cost as dictated by the legislation. This plant has to be built in very specific areas. It has tobe coal. It has to buy coal from Virginia local mines. And so the vast majorityof the review will be, did we pick the right technology at the right place forthe region that we have been mandated to build in.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. One last question. And you probably won't answer it,but just on the hedging data that you gave for Millstone and New England goingout one more year, is there any to give sense of at least within the '08guidance were Millstone and the coal plant or this milestone what you give ishedged?
Tom Farrell: The percent hedge is on the schedule, Steve.
Tom Chewning: We won't answer price.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. And you will give that, just important terms inlooking off of '08 for future prices to know where that is hedged.
Tom Farrell: Right.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay.
Tom Farrell: As we roll through and we get more under our belt, we willrelease that. That has been our custom is to not release it until we we’repretty much out of the market.
Tom Chewning: Steve, now with the realignment of the Company, you canexpect us to give you kind of more clarity on how to look at the business lineswithin the Company, and, you know, certainly the area of merchant generation isan area we are looking at very hard.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay, great, Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you, for your questions, Mr. Fleishman. Ladies andgentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do youhave any closing remarks?
Thomas Chewning: Yes, Lindsay, thank you. Just a reminder that our Form 10-Qwill be filed with the SEC later on today and our fourth quarter earningsrelease will schedule for January 31, 2008. We would like to thank everyone forjoining us this morning and wish you a pleasant fall. We will see many of younext week at the DI conference in Florida. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. Youmay disconnect your lines at this time and please have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Joe O'Hare - Director of IR   Tom Chewning - CFO   Tom Farrell - President and CEO   Paul Koonce - EVP, President and COO - Energy of VP   Steve Rogers - SVP, CAO of DRI, VP and CNG   Mark McGettrick - EVP, President and COO - Generation of VP 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   Greg Gordon - Citigroup   Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates   Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose   Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein   Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners   Paul Fremont - Jefferies 
Operator: Good morning Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Dominion’s Second Quarter Earnings Call. We now have Mr. Tom Chewning, Dominion’s Chief Financial Officer in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Chewning’s prepared remarks we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question.  Before introducing Tom Chewning, I will turn the call over to Joe O'Hare, Director of Investor Relations. 
Joe O'Hare: Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to highlight our enhanced Investor Relations website that we launched several weeks ago. Key features of the new website include the reorganization and relabeling of navigation, to provide more direct access to information, SEC filings in multiple formats and importantly a new email alert function that will notify you of when we add key publications to our website. During this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in this morning's earnings release or to pages from our second quarter 2007 earnings release kit. If you have not done so I encourage you to visit our website, register for email alerts and give our second quarter 2007 earnings documents. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors.  Now for the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that will be discussed on the call today may contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations.  Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company’s performance that differs from those recognized by GAAP. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our investor relations website under GAAP reconciliation.  I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Tom Chewning. Tom? 
Tom Chewning: Thank you Joe and good morning. Joining me this morning is our Chairman, President and CEO, Tom Farrell and other members of our management team. This morning, I will review how our second quarter earnings results continue to reflect the strength of our ongoing businesses, explain significant items that are excluded from operating earnings. I will discuss briefly our cash flow liquidity and hedge positions and update you on a status of our actions already taken to reduce debt and repurchase common stock plus other measures that we expect to undertake to complete our recapitalization five year's in. Tom Farrell will then comment on operational achievements in our business units. Update you on legislative and regulatory matters, including our application of the State Corporation Commission to construct electric generation in Southwest Virginia and the approval of our application to adjust the Virginia jurisdictional fuel factor, an upcoming base rate case for Dominion East Ohio and our outlook regarding the pending sales of our people then hope they will be seized.  Dominion produced operating earnings of $0.89 per share in the second quarter of 2007 compared to $0.80 per share in last year's second quarter. Our average realized prices at E&P were a significance benefit quarter-over-quarter performance. However, a closer look at our non-E&P businesses reveals positive results as well.  Operating earnings per share from our delivery, energy and generation businesses grew to only 10% quarter-over-quarter primarily as a result of customer growth, same from utility and strong contributions from our American generation and producer services businesses.  Normalizing each period for the effects of weather and un-recovered Virginia fuel expense, operating earnings per share at these remaining core businesses grew nearly 14% quarter-over-quarter, affirming the fundamental positive outlook for Dominion’s future performance.  On the GAAP basis, we reported a loss of $1.60 per share in the second quarter of 2007 compared to earnings of $0.46 per share in the second quarter 2006. Taxes that led to most of the second quarter special items relate to strategic repositioning of Dominion, primarily the sale of our non-Appalachian E&P assets, including the effect of discontinuing hedge accounting for hedges on expected production already sold or to be sold, the settlement of our VPP agreements and other divestiture-related charges, including legal costs, employee-related expenses and deferred tax adjustments.  As an outcome of our strategic asset review, we have recognized an impairment of our Dresden merchant generation facility, which we intend to sell in the near future. The expected tax loss created by this disposition will partially offset tax gains from our E&P asset sales.  Cash from the expected sale of Dresden, plus cash from the continued divestiture of Dominion capital assets, is incorporated in our plan to fund share repurchases. The use of such proceeds was concluded in our indicative model provided on June 4.  With the passage of legislation this year that returns our electric utility generation operations, the cost of service rate regulation, we reapplied provisions of FAS 71 to this part of our business activities.  As result, we recorded an extraordinary item related to the reapplication of FAS 71 to our electric utility generation operations.  Finally, second quarter 2007 and second quarter 2006 results also exclude the discontinued operations of our Canadian E&P operation sold in June and from certain Dominion capital assets held for sale.  After recording a large number of special charges over the last two quarters, we look forward to booking net gains during the remainder of the year. Outside of items, we currently cannot foresee. We expect GAAP earnings to exceed operating earnings for the full year 2007.  A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release.  Cash flow from operations continues to be strong at approximately $2 billion year-to-date, which is about equal to the prior year level.  In the second quarter, cash flow from operations was $763 million, or $242 million lower than the prior year second quarter, driven by temporary decrease in deferred income tax related to divestiture activity.  Normally at this time, I would discuss our credit metrics. However, the effect of divestiture activities on our consolidated financial statements has made it difficult to calculate meaningful measures. We stated on June 4, that our near-term adjusted credit metric targets are approximately 18% for FFO-to-debt coverage, greater than four times FFO-to-interest coverage, and in the mid 50% range for debt-to-total capital.  We are confident that our planned debt reduction and stock repurchases will deliver our targeted financial metrics as we begin 2008. However, not until the end of 2008 where we have a measure of cash flow or funds from operations for trailing 12 months period that fully reflects the repositioning of the company. As a result, we do not plan to report on these metrics until such time.  Our liquidity at end of the quarter was $1.6 billion. As we've said before, our liquidity requirements have been substantially reduced, as a result of the sale of most of our oil and gas assets and reduced hedging activities.  Later this year, we will determine future needs and adjust our credit facilities according. Since our May 2 disclosure, there have been only minor changes to our natural gas, oil generation output and coal hedge positions. However, we have updated our generation capacity hedge positions in PJM following the RPM auction for the planning period June 2008 through May 2009.  For the 2008-2009 auction planning period, Virginia Power hedged 95% of its capacity needs in advance of the auction at prices averaging less than one-half of the auction clearing price. Combined with hedges already in place, the 2007-2008 auction planning period, 39% of our calendar 2008 capacity requirements will hedge in advance with 21% purchase through the RPM auction.  For our current hedge positions, please see the schedules on pages 29, 30 and 31 of the earnings release kit. It has only been about nine months since we announced our plan to change our business mix and substantial progress has been made.  Spanning a period of approximately two months, we executed agreements to sell all of the E&P operations that we plan to divest. We have already closed on all of these agreements with the exception of a Mid-Continent transaction, which is scheduled to close in the coming weeks.  We completed the merger of CNG into Dominion as a part of an effort to streamline our corporate structure. We executed the debt tender for $2.5 billion and repaid an additional $700 million of debt. And we launched an equity tender for 55 million shares, with provisions of allowance for the purchase of approximately 7 million additional shares, if tendered.  Following the previously mentioned tender, we will acquire the necessary additional amount of shares to achieve our designed 2008 share count through market purchases and/or an accelerated share repurchase program.  That concludes our review of second quarter results. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell. Tom? 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. I would like to begin with a few words about Dominion’s operations and our ongoing expansion plans. First the Dominion Generation, our new utility continued with excellent operations with a capacity factor excluding planned refueling of 99.4%.  Our Braden Point coal units achieved their best quarterly performance since we purchased the facility and we are banking on its history with an equivalent availability factor in excess of 95%. OSHA has granted voluntary protection programs as far as that to our Kewaunee plant and renewed the status for Millstone, making Dominion's nuclear fleet the only one in the industry to be 100% star certified. Star status represents the highest level of certification in the program, which promotes work-site based safety and health.  Yesterday, Dominion and Shell WindEnergy announced a second phase to our wind energy project currently under construction in West Virginia. The second phase will consist of 50 turbines producing 100 megawatts for enough electricity for 25,000 homes. It is expected to go into operation in 2008, subject to receiving necessary permits. This adds to phase one, consisting of 82 turbines producing 164 megawatts which is presently under construction and will be completed next spring.  Following up on announcements during our last earnings call, we have confirmed our Fairless Works upgrade at 120 megawatts with an online date of summer 2008 and our Braden unit three upgrade at 15 megawatts with an online date of summer 2012. The Millstone unit three upgrade will be 75 megawatts and is expected to be online by the end of 2008.  Our Ladysmith plant expansion in Virginia received air with 300 megawatts of new gas for our peaking capacity, it should be in operation in late summer of 2008. Last month we filed an application with Virginia State Corporation Commission seeking approval to construct the 585 megawatt clean coal fire plant in South West Virginia.  This project is the first in Virginia under our new regulatory plan. We have asked for a base rate return on equity of 11.75% plus a 200 basis point rider enhancement because the plant will be build with carbon captured ready technology.  Planned capital expenditures for this facility are $1.6 billion. We expect the plant to be operational in 2012. This plant is also subject to the new mandatory equipped regime in Virginia beginning in 2009.  At Dominion Energy a 30 day outage was completed at [zero] point on schedule with 25,000 man hours work without a single OSHA recordable incident. The outage was for maintenance and worked on the expansion.  The expansion project which primarily doubled the storage capacity and maximum daily deliverability remained on schedule for the fourth quarter 2008 completion date. Finally, with respect to Dominion Energy we are pleased with the results of our recent open season for our storage factory project.  Integrating new high deliverability self-storage with our existing reservoir storage. We provide Dominion with the unique opportunity to offer storage products to meet individual customer needs thus the name storage capacity. The project will expand Dominion’s natural gas storage capacity by up to 50 billion cubic feet with initial construction beginning on the first phase in 2009. We expect to negotiate final binding preceding agreements over the next few months and we will provide you with further updates as information develops.  And with respect to Dominion Delivery, OSHA recordable incident rates already at an all time low Dominion dropped again versus the second quarter of last year. Regulated electric revenues continue to grow steady at 1.5% to 2% per year. On June 26, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved a new fuel rate for Dominion Virginia Power to recover the higher costs of fuel used to generate electricity.  With effect of July 1, fuel expenses in Virginia are passed onto our customers dollar for dollar. Any over or under recovery of actual Virginia fuel expense will be deferred and incorporated into future fuel factor adjustments. This change eliminates any under recovery for fuel in our earnings. The after-tax under recovery totaled $364 million in 2006 and $243 million over the first two quarters of 2007.  On July 20, we announced that for the first time since 1994 we will propose a base rate increase at Dominion East Ohio. This is separate from rates to recover our gas costs. By law gas cost on which Dominion does not earn a profit are borne directly by customers. We expect the rate proceedings to be completed by the second quarter of 2008.  On July 5, we announced that the agreement to sell our Peoples and Hope Natural Gas utility to Equitable was extended. Prior business agreement out of Dominion or Equitable could have terminated the agreement after June 30. This expansion reflects the commitment each company has made to complete the transaction.  With respect to Peoples, on June 1, the federal appeals court granted the SCC request for an injunction pending appeal while at the same time giving the case expedited treatment, or it will file at least by the end of August was a hearing expected in late September. We are confident the trial court's decision allowing the transaction to proceed will be affirmed.  In West Virginia, the regulatory process has been delayed since May by the Commission's decisions to review past gas purchasing practices by Hope. On July 24, however, the Commission ordered the sale of Hope to Equitable and the matter related to Hope's gas purchasing be separated, clearing the way for regulatory review of the sale to come to a conclusion.  As Tom Chewning already mentioned, we have made steady progress in executing our strategic repositioning and our nearing completion. This year's strong result from our core businesses confirm our operating earnings outlook of $6 or more per share in 2008, with an average annual growth of at least 4% to 6% thereafter.  This concludes our prepared remarks.  Lindsay, would you open up the lines, please. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Sir, please go ahead. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. 
Tom Chewning: Good morning. 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Just on the gas, business since there has been a lot of activity in the gas market lately and you guys are seeing opportunity to expand your gas storage system, can you just give a little comment -- the open season sounded good, but with the inventories getting full is there any risk to your system from [Maxwell] over the couple of years as far as damaging? And have you guys seen any basis differential profit opportunities like we saw last year? 
Paul Koonce: Dan, this is Paul Koonce with Dominion Energy. Our storage operation is very solid. Our customers have specific requirements that they are expected to live up to with both withdrawal and injunction rights. So they cannot exceed to protect the integrity of those facilities.  With respect to market tender service revenues, which are largely parking and loaning opportunities in the industry, we've seen some of those opportunities. And especially around weather events, we see opportunities to park gas on our system or to loan gas office system. But that's been on the MCS program and is really unrelated to our storage. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: How does that look this year versus last year, because last year was a pretty good for [one of our number]? 
Paul Koonce: Yeah, last year was a good year for us. We actually last year placed some storage facilities in the service earlier than the customer expected. So we had some extra flexibility that we are able to bring to market, but that storage is now under a 20-year contract. So those opportunities specifically related to that don't exist. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. With the decline in the natural gas prices, I guess since when the E&P deals were first come into announcement, is that going to have any impact on the unwinding of hedges or the loss in your earnings today, does that correctly reflect your full closure on all those optimizations? 
Tom Chewning: Dan, this is Tom Chewning. It reflects that we closed positions or have taken alternative positions and there won't be any movement, no opportunities or downsizing. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. By way of share repurchases, the clean up after the tender, those shares can be repurchased a few days after the tender ends. Is that when you guys move back in the market? 
Tom Chewning: We don't want to say that, but certainly with the deal in the open market, we contributed and accelerated repurchase program. So, we don't have a specific daily math and certainly a review will occur after the results of the general script, what course we take and how quickly we are about to launch. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Citigroup. Sir, please go ahead. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Two questions, move on now in both questions, I apologize if you answered this in your comments. The $0.12 quarter-over-quarter apparent drag, what is that related to again? 
Steve Rogers: This is Steve Rogers. Primarily, that's really more keeping than anything else and it's related to taxes. There are certain tax adjustments quarter-to-quarter that we just keep at the corporate level rather than pushing around to the various segments. In last year some of those adjustments were positive to us and we didn't have that positive this year. And then in addition, this year we had some state tax items that were negatives that resulted from our consolidated state tax profile versus this tax profile on our segments and we just kept that at the corporate. But the key there is just looking at our effective tax rate on an overall basis and we expect that that is around 38%, we expected to stay around 38% for the year. So it's just where we thought those expenses versus spreading them around. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Next, sort of the big picture question. Not sure if you can answer it on the fly here. But when we look at the pro forma company, the $6 plus base of earnings for next year, by my math roughly 70% of their earnings should come from your regulated or regulated like businesses and 30% should come from your more power-centric or gas- and oil-centric businesses, your merchant businesses.  So when I think about this 4% to 6%, earnings growth aspiration, can you give me a sense of what you are actually embedding as a growth aspiration for your sort of more power and gas centric operations, versus what you are embedding for your more stable regulated or regulated like businesses? 
Tom Chewning: Yeah Greg, we expect the Generation business to grow between 5% and 6% and Dominion Energy to grow between 5% and 6% and Delivery business to grow between 2% and 3%. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: For Generation business, by definition is the way that you report is sort of becoming sort of difficult process to use because Generation includes WEBCO which is regulated and then New England operations which is completely emerging. So, I guess what I am asking is when you bifurcate it between sort of regulated and merchant or are you expecting a much higher growth rate from merchant and a lower growth rate from regulated or is there such -- are they stepping up capital investment opportunities in the regulated businesses that does sort of an above the average growth rate? If you are capable of answering that on the call? 
Tom Farrell: Well I will give you what our thinking is. And we will have a lot more information on this in the fall. And you mentioned New England which I appreciate but I think folks tend to forget about the fact that we have a very significant Midwest basically as well. Not only in Kewaunee but in [Kingsgate] state line and in Elwood all of which are under contract that will be expiring in about five years. Almost all of them are going to be at the same time.  The best side of that, what you should expect is that in the near-term maybe in the next couple of years that primarily the growth in Generation will come from the non-Virginia power side and as we move into our building program, which will give more detail on in the future.  In Virginia, to meet the requirements of our customers here in this very fast growing state you will see more uplift, more earnings growth coming from the regulated generation side. Without getting into words of magnitude that’s directionally what you should see. 
Tom Chewning: Now Greg, it's Tom Chewning, we are here, I mean you and others that the need to excellent bifurcation of our Generation activities, few merchants, and regulated etcetera. And we intend when we come out in 2008 guidance to have more directional information, so that you can see where our growth is coming from and see where we are making money, and we certainly are not doing that in 2007 as you know, but we will be improving our disclosure in that regard in 2008. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead sir. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. 
Tom Farrell: Hi Paul, good morning. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to touch basically on the hedging in New England, it looks that you guys have hedged a lot more of your coal, and I am just wondering when you are looking at coal prices '07 versus '08 what should we think about the trend there or what could you give us in terms of little bit of flavor? 
Mark McGettrick: Paul its Mark McGettrick. As you know we lock a coal when we are also locking our energy prices at same time. So you saw since the last call we locked in about 40% more coal, we locked in the margin at the same time on footprints on energy price. I would say year-over-year, I would not look for any significant difference on the coal price piece if it at all. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And with the Millstone Energy hedge pricing you give it for '07, you don't really give it for a way I am just wondering now that you have hedged a lot more of that, is there any for '08 if you could give us more flavor on that? 
Tom Farrell: I think we’ll probably come out later this year and give an average hit price for the region for our fleet as we have done years passed, but the hedging there is again about 82% as work really will hedge, but I think it both will begin in '08, we will go ahead and give a number out later this year. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then Dresden, what has been the impact so far on -- I mean, how much cash are you expecting to get for I guess, and what has been the EPS impact of Dresden outside of this write-down? What has it been percolating a long, I guess on an operating basis, have you guys been expensing depreciation with it or could you give us a little flavor on that? 
Tom Chewning: We haven’t depreciated that investment at this point, but it's not complete. We do certainly have some debt associated with the capital we spend that will be in our operating segment at this point. Some of that will remain depending upon the difference between what we get from a date of that expanding. And of course we do have some, we expect it to be a loss for tax purposes we will recover some of that loss to offset in capital gains. But I can’t tell you how much we are going to get for, we certainly are marketing it, we think we will get with the market fix date should be for plant they still has a lot of work to do to come into commercial operations. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, what was the book-value of the plant before coming down I guess? 
Tom Farrell: Can you give us a call later? 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay thanks a lot guys. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose, ma'am please go ahead. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you. I just had a little detailed question in the Dominion Generation, you had a tremendous increase in O&M. And is this special to the first half of this year, O&M was up 30%, or is it because you have some special programs, or is it the type of growth rate you are anticipating? 
Joe O'Hare: No, Danielle, this is Joe O'Hare. The increase in generation in O&M relates largely to hedge activities associated with our merchant generation assets and it's actually offset with the corresponding increase in operating revenue and that just connect to something that we are working out through overtime. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay. So, as the normal numbers that you should be looking for the year or that should be declining? 
Joe O'Hare: I would say the net between what's in O&M and what's in revenue is largely offsetting, in order to normalize that number I need to go back and research that, maybe we can talk about that later. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. I was just wondering also, Dominion Energy basically regulated, what type of ROE is it providing at this time on a 12-month basis? 
Paul Koonce: Yes, Danielle, this is Paul Koonce. About the Cove Point and Dominion gas transmission, we have recently entered into rate case settlement with our customers, which we think could give us an attractive return. But those settlements did not speculate an actual return on equity. But I’m surprised to say that what we are pleased with, the settlements and they remain in place until 2010 and 2011. Dominion electric transmission will probably be filing a rate case in the in the next two years, eighteen months consistent with the investments we are making on reliability on the transmission side. There are publications out there where people go into platform to use and try to get in and understand what pipeline returns are [out of goods]. We have been ranked at the top of the pipeline segment in terms of returns. Let's say in the high-teens, low 20s. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And in terms of growth rates of that particular section you are looking at. I mean this seems to be like high returns, given the fact that you are expanding and you are getting rate increases. Do you feel that the next twelve to eighteen months should prove to be, to show a little bit more of a growth than what you are anticipating on a normalized basis? 
Paul Koonce: Well, since the CNG Dominion merger, we've been able to double the rate base at the pipeline over the last six years. So, we have made significant investments. We believe over the next six to seven years we can double that rate base again by investments in pipeline and storage and electric transmission. So the growth rate that Tom Farrell decided earlier 5% to 6% for energy that we certainly think is achievable. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you for questions ma'am. (Operator Instructions)  Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Sir, please go ahead. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Joe, in your write-up of the quarter results and in your commentary on this call you had portrayed the earnings of the remaining utility businesses, excluding E&P as fairly robust. And yet it doesn't seem to square with my calculations. I just wanted to understand the difference and perspective. When I take your operating earnings and I back out E&P, the remaining businesses are earning $0.47, and that's down from $0.54 last year which is a decline of $0.13, a lot of that is due to this build up in corporate. Why is this in your view a good quarter as opposed to a bad quarter? If there is something in this corporate expense, it's going to go away, this is non-reoccurring and therefore should be discounted at, I don't understand the discounts. 
Joe O'Hare: Right, Hugh. This is Joe. In the computation of those statements what we thought were the three business segments, delivery, energy, and generation that normalized them for weather and fuel and even without with that with rate grew nearly 10%. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: But why exclude corporate as it's staying with you, isn't it? 
Joe O'Hare: That's right. It does exclude corporate for a few reasons, one reason that Steve Rogers mentioned regarding how we thought kind of non-referring tax impact at corporate. So that they are sustained at the business unit level. But also there is a lot of interest expense at corporate that really is going to go away with a divestiture being paid. So we felt that inappropriate and just kind of include corporate in that reconciliation. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: But comparing it to last year, we’re dealing with the same level of interest expense, what is the [amounts] of taxes that merits for exclusion? 
Steve Rogers: Hugh, this is Steve again. I would say that the taxes are really just things to get our rate to where it is on an overall basis. And I think we will have an ongoing rate of around 38%. So, I think you will see these variances probably declining over time or maybe we will just push him out in the future, so they don't stick out, but they just get to our 38% rate. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Isn’t your rate this quarter on 37%? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah around 38%, I think it’s 37.7% something like that. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Can you all give me some clarity on the likely timing of the sale of Peoples and Hope and what are the remaining hurdles? 
Tom Farrell: We have extended the agreement with Equitable to September 1 for the stipulation that we’d negotiate from there with the possibility of extending it to November 1. We expect the Federal Court proceedings in Pennsylvania to clear the sale of People’s either late in the third quarter or during the fourth quarter. And with respect to the Hope we expect that to come out of the regulatory commission within the next few months.  For Q1 Pennsylvania Commission has approved the sale of People's. They have a trade commission objects to that, we won that in the District Court, we expect to win that in the federal Appellate Court.  In West Virginia we are still awaiting the West Virginia Public Utility Commissions approval. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: So, is your hope to sell them both this year as previously or you extending that schedule? 
Tom Farrell: Yes, we think to close both this year. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Alright, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Your next question comes from Steve Fleischman with Catapult Partners. Sir, please go ahead. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Yes hi, you guys have talked about potentially reviewing your dividend policy once the E&P sales were complete. We’ve looked to a higher payout, could you touch on where you are on that and when you’d likely look at potentially raising the payout? 
Tom Farrell: As we said before we want to get the share account down to where it belongs through once we finish the dispositions in the tender and whatever left is what to do after the tender. We expect to have a dividend rate that is more comparable payouts where dividends of payouts rates are comparable with our peers.  And as we have said in the past that would give us room from perhaps 10% increase in the dividend. We will review that with our Board in the call with an expectation that something will happen after that, it may not be this fall, maybe next year, we will have to see how that work equates through. I want to get the share count where it belongs first. But that's all shifted for this year at all will occur this year. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Yeah, one question on the share count. I think you provided your guidance for '08 at the time the stock was about $88, should we assume that you would have used at least that or something higher than that when you gave your guidance for '08? 
Tom Chewning: Yeah. I don’t think the share price is going to change our outlook, the share price does not create too much sensitivity of earnings one way or the other. I think $30 in buyback price our earnings moves 1 in $12.25 for '08 and we certainly we didn’t use artificially low numbers to think about where we thought we would make. 
Steve Fleischman - Catapult Partners: Okay thanks guys. 
Tom Chewning: Thank you, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. Sir, please go ahead. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Two quick things, one is the second half under or over-recovery on fuels, does that work out to be like $24 million based on the first quarter being down like $145 million, or is that incorrect? 
Tom Farrell: The fuel under-recovery, Paul? 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Right, for the second quarter? 
Tom Farrell: The fuel under-recovery on an after tax basis was $118 million. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Just for the quarter? 
Tom Farrell: Yes. I compared this. In the first quarter, it was $125 million and the total is $243 million for the first two quarter as Tom Farrell mentioned in his prepared remarks. We actually added the schedule to our website this morning under supplemental schedules and it provides the history of the un-recovered fuel expenses by quarter and by year on a pre-and after-tax basis. So, I think you can take a look at that. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Great. And then the second question would be with respect to rate case as at PEPCO. If you file a general rate case, let's say sometime in the first half of 2009, would it be reasonable to assume that a new rate following the filing of a general rate case would probably not go into effect until sometime in 2010? 
Tom Farrell: I think the legislation calls were to go into effect in the latter part of '09. I will have to check that for you, but I believe that is the case. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Okay. So with the legislation, would have new rates in effect by the time 2010 begins? 
Tom Farrell: Yeah. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks? 
Tom Chewning: Thank you, Lindsay. Due to the fact that we must include several pro forma statements in our 10-Q related to our E&P divestitures, we will be filing our 10-Q on or before Thursday, August 9th. Our third quarter earnings release is scheduled for Thursday, November 1st, 2007. We would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to talking with you in November. Good day. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines. Please have a wonderful day. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-31 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Joe O'Hare - Director of IR   Tom Chewning - CFO   Tom Farrell - President & CEO   Duane Radtke - EVP   Scott Hetzer - SVP & Treasurer   Steve Rogers - CAO 
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS   Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc   Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein   Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch   Leslie Rich - Columbia Management   Sam Brothwell - Wachovia   Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   Faisal Kahn - Citigroup   Raymond Leung - Bear Stearns   Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments   Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter earnings conference call. We now have Mr. Tom Chewning, Dominion's Chief Financial Officer in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Chewning's prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions.  At that time, instructions will be given as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question. Before introducing Tom Chewning, I will turn the call over to Joe O'Hare, Director of Investor Relations. 
Joe O’Hare: Good morning, and welcome to Dominion's fourth quarter earnings call.  Concurrent with our earnings announcement this morning, we have published several supplemental schedules on our website. We ask that you refer to those exhibits for certain historical quantitative results. From time to time during this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in our quarterly earnings release or to pages from our fourth quarter earnings release kit, both of which were posted this morning to Dominion's website. Our website address is www.dom.com/investors/ir.jsp.  Let me start by providing the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that may be discussed on the call today contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, included on our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations.  Also on this call, we will discuss the measures about our company's performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our Investor Relations' website under GAAP reconciliation.  I'll now turn the call over to Tom Chewning, our CFO. Tom? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Tom Chewning: Thank you, Joe, and good morning.  Joining me this morning are Tom Farrell, our President and CEO; and other members of our management team. This morning, I will review our fourth quarter and full year 2006 results and discuss several other matters, including our future plans for earnings guidance. Tom Farrell will then provide his remarks, including the status of previously-announced divestitures, including the proposed E&P divestiture; and proposed changes to Virginia's deregulation law.  Let me begin by noting that in my 20 years of service with Dominion, I cannot recall another year like 2006 in which the Company performed so superbly, and has been so well-positioned for future success. It was a defining year financially, operationally, and strategically. Dominion produced record GAAP operating cash flow of $4 billion and record operating earnings of $5.16 per share. In addition, we continue to make solid progress toward improving our credit metrics.  As if record financial performance were not enough, these results were achieved despite absolutely horrible utility weather. Milder than normal temperatures across our system reduced earnings more than $60 million. Tropical Storm Ernesto reduced earnings another $11 million. Despite these weather-related impacts, the three core utility-oriented operating units -- Dominion Energy, Dominion Delivery, and Dominion Generation, which comprised the foundation for the new Dominion -- produced higher than expected earnings.  In fact, on a combined basis, these three businesses exceeded internal plans by more than $100 million, excluding Virginia Power fuel impacts. On the weather normalized basis, therefore, these core businesses exceeded plan by more than $170 million, or nearly $0.50 per share.  Obviously, when analyzing 2006 results, certain normalization adjustments should be made to arrive at base recurring earnings power. Dominion produced exceptional results in producer services at Dominion retail and in our gas transportation and processing businesses. Dominion Generation had another exceptional year in excess emission sales. However, even normalizing 2006 results to a more sustainable level of earnings, the core units exceeded plan.  What this means for investors is that the income drivers in Dominion's core businesses are on track. It is for this reason that we believe the information we provided at our May 22nd, 2006, analyst meeting properly adjusted for commodity prices and other items such as acquisitions and divestitures, continues to provide a reasonable framework for modeling future earnings. Dominion experienced positive financial performance in the fourth quarter.  We recorded operating earnings of $0.78 per share for the quarter and finished the year, as I mentioned earlier, with operating earnings of $5.16 per share. This exceeded our expectations for year end earnings provided on our third quarter call and was well within our original guidance range provided at the beginning of the year.  Please note that fourth quarter earnings include a positive impact of $0.01 per share related to discontinued operations accounting for the Troy, Pleasant, and Armstrong peaking units that are being sold.  The first, second, and third quarters have also been recast for a full year benefit of $0.05 per share. For comparative purposes, 2005 operating earnings have been increased by $0.03 per share to $4.56 per share reflecting this change in treatment of the peaking units. The positive earnings impact of the sale of these peaking units will continue going forward as operating losses have been permanently eliminated.  On a GAAP basis, per share earnings were $0.09 for the fourth quarter of 2006 and $3.93 for the year. A significance in both the quarter and year is the classification as discontinued operations of the three merchant gas-fired peakers. $164 million impairment and a $19 million loss from normal operations are included in GAAP earnings, but excluded from 2006 operating earnings.  Some of you may recall that we said previously that we did not expect to record a loss on the sale of the three CTs and State Line. That was because we expected to sell State Line at a large enough gain to offset the loss we assumed on the CTs. As Tom Farrell will cover later, we have decided not to sell State Line. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings can be found on schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release.  Now I'll move on to our credit metrics and operating cash flow. At year end, adjusted debt to total capital was 54.5% compared to 51.2% at the end of the third quarter and 58.1% at year end 2005. The increase from the third quarter was driven primarily by a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program we launched in December to begin to reduce shares in conjunction with our proposed asset divestitures. This transaction was financed by short-term debt.  In addition, we took the impairment charge previously mentioned of $164 million after-tax on the peaking units that are in the process of being sold. Also, effective December 31st, 2006, we adopted the new accounting standard FAS 158, which requires us to recognize the funded status of our benefit pension and other post retirement benefits plans in our balance sheet.  While the new rules had no impact on our results of operations or cash flows, they decreased common shareholder's equity by approximately $335 million. Adjusted FFO to interest for 2006 improved to 4.2 times compared to 3.7 times at year end 2005. Core operating cash flow, defined as net income, DD&A, and deferred taxes, improved by $975 million year-over-year.  We finished the year with approximately $3.2 billion in available liquidity compared to $2.2 billion at the end of 2005. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP ratios to GAAP can be found on our Investor Relations' Web site under GAAP reconciliation.  Since our November 1st call, we did not hedge any additional natural gas and oil production in light of having already achieved our targeted hedge levels. On the electric side, we made progress toward our hedge targets as can be seen in our hedging schedule on page 31 of the earnings release kit.  I should note that while hedging will continue to be an important part of our financial strategy, and we'll continue to publish quarterly updates of our hedge positions, post any E&P divestiture, this information will be less important due to a sharp reduction in earnings sensitivity to commodity prices.  Looking out to the 2008 to 2010 time horizon, we estimate the commodity price earnings sensitivity of the new Dominion will be only about one-third that of the existing Dominion with E&P. In view of Dominion's strong financial position and positive outlook, at the January meeting, the Board of Directors declared a $0.02 per share increase to our quarterly common stock dividend, which results in an annual dividend rate of $2.84 per share.  Now I'd like to briefly discuss how we plan to handle earnings guidance going forward. As many of you are aware, 2007 is a transition year for Dominion during which we will continue to pursue the E&P divestiture. For modeling purposes, we have stated our intent to use proceeds from any sale to retired debt and buy back stock.  As a result of the divestiture process, earnings per share during 2007 will be difficult to forecast. In addition, we are aware that investors are looking past 2007 and are focused on the longer term earnings outlook for Dominion beginning in 2008. As a result of these factors, we will not be providing 2007 earnings guidance.  We expect to resume our usual practice of providing earnings guidance in January 2008, following our Board-approved budget in December, 2007. When we offer full year 2008 guidance in January of next year, we plan to disclose in greater detail the drivers and characteristics of our remaining businesses to better highlight their earnings power and value.  In order to help analysts model the new Dominion earnings beginning in 2008, we will post after the call this morning on our Web site an outline of an operating earnings model that adjusts our May 22nd earnings outlook for commodity price changes and the pro forma removal of E&P. We do not plan to discuss modeling details on today's call. However, as always, members of our Investor Relations team will be available to address your questions individually.  We expect to issue updated divestiture modeling information following the close of any E&P sale, but we thought it significant to reference one of the key modeling assumptions investors have asked often about. The amount of debt to be retired will be driven by our near-term adjusted credit metric targets, FFO to interest of 4.2 times, a debt-to-capital ratio of 50%, and lastly, our FFO to debt ratio of 20%.  That concludes our financial review. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell. Tom? 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. One of the messages we emphasize to employees and to the investment community is that safety, ethics, excellence, and one Dominion are critical values to our success. During 2006, each business unit performed well in all of these areas. Dominion Delivery, for example, improved their safety performance almost 30% year-over-year.  Dominion Energy exceeded their compliance goals by 20% in areas that make us better operators, including in-line inspections and compressor station audits. Dominion E&P drilled a record number of wells in 2006, a 13% increase over 2005, and production rose 22%; while Generation maintained a nuclear fleet capacity factor of over 90% for the third year in a row. Success in the services company through cost reductions, such as medical expenses, and continuous process improvements through Six Sigma were key to our operating segment results.  Collectively, this performance from all parts of the Company led to us exceed expectations. While your and our interest in our performance is primarily forward-looking, we are quite pleased with how well our 17,000 employees performed last year. While a past is not necessarily prologue, it is at least an indicator of the direction we are headed at Dominion and our ability to achieve our objectives.  2006 was not only an excellent year for us financially and operationally, it was a pivotal year for us strategically. We took four major steps to ensure future earnings stability and long-term value for our shareholders. We highlighted return on invested capital as a guiding principal in managing our businesses. Focusing on the risk-adjusted returns from individual assets across all business units is a fundamental approach to running Dominion that is here to stay.  This philosophy led to us sell the Peoples and Hope gas distribution companies as well as the three peaking units. In November, we announced the proposed sale of most of our E&P unit, signaling a sharpened focus in the strategic direction of the Company. We saw the passage of legislation that returns to a traditional pass-through of fuel expense to our customers beginning July 1.  And finally, we have continued to prepare our entire fleet for environmental compliance and the implications of a impending regulations.  Now let us turn to a couple of these issues to give you an update. With respect to divestitures, the sale of our three peakers, Troy, Pleasants, and Armstrong, is proceeding on schedule and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter. We have chosen not to sell our State Line plant and will make the capital investments and operational improvements necessary to run the station over the long-term.  Lastly, we expect to complete the sale of the LDCs in the first half of 2007. In previous calls, we had projected a first quarter close, but the regulatory hearing in West Virginia has now been scheduled in May. Our proposed E&P sale is progressing as planned, with the data room set to open next month. This process is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter. An important part of that process was to complete the 2006 year end reserve audit.  As of December 31, 2006, our audited proved reserves were 6.53 trillion cubic feet equivalent, a 4% increase over last year. Reserve replacements for 2006 net of sales were over 150%. You should note that the unaudited probable and possible reserves, so-called 2P and 3P, are now estimated at 3.2 tcfe for the 2P and 3.9 tcfe for the 3P. These levels compare to year end 2005 estimates of 2 tcf of probable, an increase of over 50%; and 3.2 tcfe of possible, an increase of about 20%. Potential reserves, so-called 4P reserves, are now estimated at 25 trillion cubic feet equivalent, compared to prior estimates of 5 to 10.  Now I'll speak to the status of the legislative activities in Virginia. As we mentioned, the fuel pass-through goes into effect in July, ending the fixed fuel rate that we have had in place since 2004. Virginia is one of the fastest-growing states in the nation. PJM has recently estimated a need to increase generating capacity in our control area by 4,000 megawatts over the next decade, the fastest growing in PJM. Legislators and officials in Virginia have determined that retail choice has not developed as hoped, that base load generation is becoming a more pressing need, and that the uncertainty of going to market in 2011 could result in rate instability for consumers.  In the past few months, we have worked collaboratively with various parties to ensure that we are all doing our part to address these issues. The proposed legislation endorsed last night by the general assembly's oversight commission makes good strides to address those needs. Our engagement in this discussion with the Virginia legislature may have begun much earlier than many investors and analysts expected since cap rates do not expire until the end of 2010.  You should know that I have a strong conviction to address issues that impact Dominion and its customers proactively. The need for new generation is one which we must begin addressing now with the proper legal and regulatory framework. Another example is why I lead the Company's effort to address its issues with the EPA over emissions from our Virginia generation fleet, which resulted in an agreement in 2000, long before we were compelled to comply. Others resisted and are now having to spend more to solve this problem. Virginians have benefited from much cleaner air during those year.  Similarly, we are not going to spend time internally debating global warming. The possibility that we will have regulations governing CO2 emissions either on a regional or national level has been an important factor in our strategic planning process for some time. Given the recent developments in California and Massachusetts, the change of control in Congress, and the positions on the issue taken by many of the prospective presidential candidates, it is increasingly likely that the nation will face some kind of restrictions or taxes on CO2 emissions.  As I have said on previous occasions, the expense to the United States economy of regulating carbon dioxide will be enormous. There are currently no viable CO2 control technologies on the market, and it could take decades and huge R&D investments to develop them. Climate change is a global issue that calls for global cooperation.  At the very least, the United States needs a policy that is national in scope and does not single out the power industry which accounts for only about one-third of the nation's CO2 emissions. Nevertheless, we are already facing CO2 emission regulations in some of our operating areas.  We took the possibility of these regulations into account, for example, when we established our purchase price for our New England power assets. In New England, where we are the largest electricity producer, the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative calls for emissions caps beginning in 2009. Massachusetts, where we have several fossil fuel generating units, recently joined RGGI and is currently enacting rules.  We are actively engaged with policy makers in the region and will be part of that process. It is important to note that it is a regional process and potential impacts should be considered on a fleetwide basis. We have the largest nuclear capacity in the region, as well as gas-fired plants. This topic is an important one for us to address and address appropriately. We intend to be prepared early to comply with new regulations at the lowest possible cost and take preemptive action to benefit Dominion over the long-term. This is a hallmark of our proactive approach to regulatory issues.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I am sure that you would like to hear more details about our potential E&P divestiture and the legislative activity in Virginia. I hope you will understand that we are not able to provide much more guidance that you have already heard. With those caveats, we are happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions].  Our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Good morning, everyone. 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Just a couple of quick questions here. Just when we're reviewing the -- potential E&P sale and so forth, can you remind us of the tax rate that we should be applying from a tax leakage perspective? 
Joe O’Hare: Yes. Shneur, for modeling purposes, we have assumed 37%. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Can I ask why it's so high? Why can't it be a lower rate? It seems like a high rate based on -- 
Joe O’Hare: If you're considering the gain in relation to a capital gain, there is no differentiation between a capital gain and an ordinary gain tax for corporations. 
Tom Chewning: I think we can handle this a little bit more offline, but the -- it depends on the level of the final sale as to what our capital gain is, as well as items that can be deducted from that 37% rate. And we actually will pay less than 37% rate overall. On the last dollar, though, we will probably pay 37%.  So I think, we can handle that offline if you don't mind, and that's just the highest rate we use, but our effective rate should be under 30%. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. That's great to know. I'll call Joe offline. Two other very tight, quick questions. Just with respect to reserves, you gave out the full reserves and so for would you be able to break out what Appalachia represents of that since those are the assets you plan to retain? 
Joe O’Hare: Yes, Shneur. Out of the 6.5, Appalachia is 1 trillion cubic feet equivalent. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Great. And one final question. Just with respect to your hedging strategy going forward with respect to Generation given the pending sale of most of the E&P segment, do you plan to still continue doing so, or are doing so, rather? 
Tom Farrell: Yes. We plan to continue the hedging strategy we've followed. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Great. Thank you very much. That's the -- some of my questions. 
Tom Farrell: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Sir, please go ahead. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning. How are you? 
Tom Farrell: Hi, Paul. 
Tom Chewning: Good morning. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Just some background on what drove your decision not to sell State Line. Was it evaluations you were seeing in the market, or was there a change in your strategy around that plant? 
Tom Chewning: It was really valuation in the market. We have a six-year contract left with the counterparty there, and we saw a different value than the several bidders that actually put final bids in for us. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And then just on your quarter-over-quarter reconciliation, there was $0.09 of other. Can you give a little more granularity around that $0.09? 
Tom Chewning: Paul, that's going to be individually business by business. If we could talk about that after the call, I would appreciate that. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And then just lastly, just kind of get a sense of commitment to take what level of the proceeds from the E&P sale are going to be taken to the balance sheet to shrink it? And what you're seeing opportunistically as potential other uses? 
Tom Chewning: I think we gave you the credit metrics that we would manage to. And our first dollars will go to get to those credit metrics. There's no percentage of proceeds that we're using. It's a dollar amount that we believe and we take the reduced risk profile of the Company will get us to those three credit metrics. With the one that we've given today, which was a 20% FFO to total debt, which we had not supplied earlier.  and I think that that's all that we've given and want to give on that subject and obviously people come up with different answers, but we certainly don't have a percentage of proceeds and obviously part of that is because we don't know what proceeds will be. But our first dollar is to get us to a firm BBB or high BBB credit, which these metrics ought to do. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay. Great. And just -- sorry -- that was not my last question. Could you give the 4P prior and current, stripping out Appalachia? 
Tom Chewning: Stripping out Appalachia, is what the question was, Joe, 4P. 
Joe O’Hare: Right. 
Tom Chewning: 5 to 10 is the prior and 25 is now total. 
Joe O’Hare: Right. And my recollection, Paul, is that we didn't identify 4P in Appalachia. I'm not sure that that is really the measure. I think its all non-Appalachia. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay. 
Duane Radtke: Joe, this is Duane. That's correct. It's mostly non-Appalachia. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Great. Thank you again. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I just had a couple of questions that I would like to have answered in order to reconcile 2006 results to the expected results of the remaining utility businesses going forward after the E&P sale. Could you all tell me the after-tax earnings of Peoples and Hope in 2006? 
Tom Chewning: I don't have that information available, Hugh. I can research that, and we can talk about it after the call. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: All right. What was the after-tax fuel cost under recovery at Fedco in 2006? 
Tom Chewning: It was $364 million. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: $364 million after-tax. Great. Are you still expecting $970 million from the Peoples and Hope sale? And is that an after-tax number or --? 
Tom Chewning: Yes. 
Joe O’Hare: Well, that was an agreed contract price subject to adjustments for CapEx and working capital changes. 
Tom Chewning: That's right. But we expect that to be -- we haven't changed any part of that agreement, and we did have that as an after-tax number. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: So $970 after-tax for Dominion -- for Peoples and Hope sale. Okay. And I guess the final question, is there any significant reduction in corporate overhead expected from the sale of the E&P business? 
Tom Chewning: No. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions].  Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Sir, please go ahead. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Sir, good morning, everyone. 
Joe O’Hare: Good morning. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just wanted to ask again about these credit metric targets and most to the new one you've introduced. And, Tom, I'm thinking about -- are you intending to hit all of them or most of them, or should we be modeling to actually hit all three of them? I just find it a little difficult to reconcile those numbers. 
Tom Chewning: Well, obviously, one will be more important than another if you do your math, but I'm going to let Scott Hetzer for a broader answer in terms of whether we should hit them right away or not. 
Scott Hetzer: Yes. Jonathan. The FFO to debt is generally the constraint that we hit first, and as far as -- we mentioned these are near-term targets. Our long-term targets would be FFO to debt of mid-20s, FFO to interest of 4.2 times, and debt to cap of 50% or less. For the near-term coming out of the divestiture, we'd like to be at right around 20% FFO to debt based on what we see as the risk profile of the Company going forward. But that FFO to debt is generally the constraint. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So that's the one we should focus most on? 
Scott Hetzer: I think so. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And we're talking about 2008 numbers here? 
Scott Hetzer: That is correct. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And dose potentially change in the event that you say with E&P gone and a more regulated business in Virginia maybe that your business position somehow shifts, would you see these targets as something that could change over time? 
Scott Hetzer: Certainly we expect the risk position to shift with the divestiture, and I think the rating agencies have commented that that's their expectation. So we're currently a seven, we certainly think that we will move to a six with a potential sale -- with the sale of E&P, and then we'd have to look at any other risk-producing activities, such as the potential Virginia legislation. That could help reduce the risk further, and we would need to take that into account as well. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So would you consider these targets to be where you'd want to be if you were at a 7 or if you'd already moved to a 6? 
Scott Hetzer: These are considered the targets for a 6. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions, Mr. Arnold. Our next question comes from Leslie Rich with Columbia Management. Ma'am, please go ahead. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Yes, I had a question on the State Line. And -- you know, did you allude to incremental spending there to get that compliant in terms of environmental regulations, or -- I'm not sure I heard exactly what you said there. 
Tom Chewning: Leslie, the reference there really was we have some tube work to do in that unit and some terminal work to do in the next couple years. It will amount to about $45 million. We don't see any significant environmental expenditures this decade. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. So that's already meeting all the mercury rules and that plant is in Illinois, right? 
Tom Chewning: That plant is in compliance right now. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. Great. Thanks. 
Tom Farrell: In Indiana. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: It's in Indiana, sorry. 
Tom Farrell: It's on the line next to Illinois. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Hope the wind blows east, right? 
Tom Farrell: Well, that's why it's called State Line. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Sam Brothwell with Wachovia. Please go ahead. 
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia: Hi. Good morning. Could you quickly step through the update to the reserve breakdown again? And secondly, I just wanted to clarify, did I hear you say that the overall tax rate that you would apply in doing the proceeds calculation that the average rate would be 30% or less? 
Tom Chewning: I'll answer that. This is Tom Chewning. I'll -- Sam, I'll answer the last part of it. It certainly depends on the level of gross proceeds. Incrementally, the last dollars we'll receive in our calculations, 35% federal and 2 state. However, you know, within a fairly wide band of potential proceeds, that number is reduced by credits that we have, any NOLs, et cetera.  So in looking at our cost basis, which is fairly low, as you know, and looking at other shelters we have, we would expect to be somewhere in the 27 to 30% range overall or a wide range of values, but how you model it is your business.  As we've said before, we do have some tax credits we're going to realize, but we also have the ability to use tax losses created by the sale of the peakers and other such situations where we create tax losses to help offset the tax that we'd have on the capital gain.  So we're estimating, you know, if you wanted to use 30%, that's probably a pretty good proxy overall or you can do it with a lower rate for the first part and a higher rate for the latter part. 
Tom Farrell: On the yearend reserves, the proved reserves, and this is as audited by Ryder Scott, as of the end of '06, 6.53. 6.53 trillion cubic feet equivalent. That's about a 4% increase over '05. Prior estimates at the end of '05 for the 2P, the probable, was 2 tcfe. Yearend '06 is 3.2 tcfe. The possible or 3P in '05 was 3.2. At the end of '06, it is 3.9. And then the so-called 4P was a range of 5 to 10. It's now estimated at 25. 
Joe O’Hare: Okay. Sam, we intend to post on our website the base and detail of 3P reserves. So that'll be available after the call. 
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia: Very good. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions, sir. Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Sir, please go ahead. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning. 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I don't know if Duane is still on the line, but if he could comment on F&D costs in '06 versus '05 and kind of trend if there's anything to note between onshore offshore? 
Duane Radtke: Sure, Dan. In the -- in the forecasts that we had given earlier in the year, we had said somewhere around $2.30 on F&D costs. Our ultimate F&D costs wound up around $2.40, a little over that. And the drivers were certainly the costs.  It was a little bit on the high end on the F&D, but part of it was at the end of the year, because of performance -- positive performance that we saw in a lot of our areas, we booked additional PUDs, so we had more reserve adds than we had forecast at the beginning of the year. They came in higher than the embedded DD&A rate. So the overall F&D costs went up a little bit, but it was good because we added reserves. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Did you guys include the frontrunner impairment that Norsk Hydro had talked about in your reserve numbers? 
Duane Radtke: We always do. And, again, we can't comment as to what Norsk Hydro had booked or allocated in value to frontrunner, but we have historically always had fewer reserves on our books. And we have had no significant change to our reserves or forecast. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I got it. On the Virginia progression of events there, is there any way for you to get recovery or seek recovery for the fuel shortfall you guys have encountered over the last couple of years, by way of cost incurred and an attempt to go to market that is no longer going to happen?  Thomas Farrell: No. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So that's money under the bridge.  Thomas Farrell: Yes. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Faisal Kahn with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Kahn - Citigroup: Good morning. I'm just wondering on -- with regards to your Appalachia Acreage, have you guys looked at some of the horizontal drilling successes some of the producers in the area have had? 
Duane Radtke: Faisal, this is Duane. Yes. We've actually tried a few horizontals in a couple of areas and not had -- have not had significant success, but it's certainly something we're going to continue to look at. Most of what we're doing there is traditional work as well as some additional coal bed methane projects. 
Faisal Kahn - Citigroup: Okay. And then I read somewhere in a trade publication that you had some success in drilling in these Alabama Shales, whether it’s the Floyd or the Conasauga. Can you comment on that, have you drilled any test wells and have you had any success in some of those shales? 
Duane Radtke: We have drilled some test wells there. We've had mixed results. It is part of the potential reserves that Tom quoted earlier. It is very thick shales. We still need to see operationally how to drill it and complete the wells. It's in a very early stage. 
Faisal Kahn - Citigroup: Okay. And then when you talk about the 25 tcf of this petroleum -- potential petroleum resources, is -- where are most of those potential reserves located, would you say? 
Duane Radtke: Most are onshore. About 60% are onshore in various basins, and a lot of it is driven by some of our new projects in the shales projects and additional gas factory-type assets that we're developing, and about 40% of it is offshore. And of course, it's driven by the deep water exploration that we have in our program. 
Faisal Kahn - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thanks for the time. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Raymond Leung, Bear Stearns. Sir, please go ahead. 
Raymond Leung - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Probably a question for Scott Hetzer here. Scott, can you prioritize those three credit metrics? I guess, is FFO to total debt the one you target in terms of looking at the balance sheet and can you talk about near-term, long-term, what's that time line? Three years, five years? 
Scott Hetzer: I would say in terms of prioritization, the FFO to debt is the most important, and then I'd say FFO to interest, and then third, debt to cap. As far as near-term, I said coming out of the divestiture, that's what we define as near term. A year or two out of the divestiture. And then for longer term, I'd say three to five years. 
Raymond Leung - Bear Stearns: Okay. 
Scott Hetzer: And of course, we do expect continued improvement over the next several years as we exercise the plan. So we see strength in the years following the divestiture. 
Raymond Leung - Bear Stearns: Okay. Great. And just a question on tax NOLs or offsets. Have you sort of reaped everything you have, and do you have an updated number on NOLs yet, or do I have to wait for the 10-K? 
Steve Rogers: This is Steve Rogers. I think it's probably best to wait for the 10-K. But I will tell you that a lot of the NOLs and things like that that we disclosed in our 10-K last year -- excuse me -- got used in operations in 2006.  But I think it's probably best to wait for that and as we continue to look at tax profile of any potential deal and some things that come out as a result of our asset review, you know, obviously we will update numbers and update our forecast. 
Tom Chewning: I think it's important, here, too, to not just isolate the sale. The real question is what cash does Dominion have after it pays down debt to buyback stock or make superior investments.  So if we happen to have a higher cash flow now and higher cash balances et, cetera, it really makes no difference whether we create them through higher earnings in the near-term or through this sale.  So we're not unhappy if we applied a few more NOLs. And we have developed a few others, and I don't know that we won't develop a few more in the future, but those certainly cannot be predicted. 
Raymond Leung - Bear Stearns: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Next question comes from Dan Jenkins with The State of Wisconsin Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: Good morning. 
Tom Farrell: Good morning. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: On the Virginia fuel clause that's going to go in effect July 1, how much of an increase is that to customer's bills? Do you have a sense of --? 
Tom Farrell: Yes. It has not yet been estimated. We won't file that case until late in the spring, and we will be taking a look at the forward markets at the time. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: Okay. Could you give a little more color on, you know the legislation proposed? Would it be just essentially back to full regulation like you had before? And will it cause any impact on your Generation fleet? 
Tom Farrell: It's -- I would -- it's not -- the proposed legislation is not all the way back to traditional cost of service regulation. It has incentives in it to meet the needs Virginia has to increase our baseload generating fleet.  It has a variety of consumer protection measures in it, rate stability measures. It has a lot of very progressive thinking in coming up with a regulatory model that will meet the needs of our customers and the state. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: Okay. Then on the State Line plant, I think you mentioned, you still have six years left on the contract for the output of that plant. How does the price of that contract compare to the recent auction in Illinois of about $65 a megawatt? Is it significantly less than that, or how does that compare to what the current marketplace is? 
Joe O’Hare: We don't disclose any contract information with the account authorities. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: Okay. And then I was wondering if you -- is your proposed environmental CapEx, has that changed any going forward? Do you see that as -- a lot of utilities have raised the amount that they think they're going to have to spend. I was wondering if you could update us on that? 
Tom Farrell: We don't have any change in that. Remember, Dominion has spent most of it. We went ahead and started complying in the early part of the decade. We didn't try to fight off the regulators. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investments: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Rebecca Followill with Howard Weil. Madam, please go ahead. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: Hi. Duane, question for you. What percent of the reserves at year end 2006 were PDP versus PUDs? 
Duane Radtke: I believe the final number was right at 27%, Rebecca. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: 20% PUDs? 
Duane Radtke: 27% PUDs. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: Okay. 
Duane Radtke: Which is in-line to what we've historically held, somewhere between 25 and 30 is what we normally run. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: Right. And next question, assuming that everything is blanched up in Virginia, how quickly would we see you guys announce a new build program? 
Tom Farrell: We're -- we have a variety of plans under consideration. We're not going to wait and see what happens. We're -- we're looking at it, and we will come out with something once we see how the regulatory issues work themselves out. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, madam. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks? 
Tom Chewning: Yes, Lindsay. Thank you. Just a reminder that our Forms 10-K will be filed with the SEC on or before March 1st and our first quarter earnings release is scheduled for Wednesday, May the 2nd, of this year.  I like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Please enjoy a safe, healthy winter. Good day. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And please have a wonderful day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas N. Chewning - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Thomas F. Farrell - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Steve Rogers - Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer Joe O'Hare - Investor Relations Duane C. Radtke - Executive Vice President of Dominion and Consolidated Natural Gas Scott Hetzer - Senior Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Terran Miller - UBS Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil Incorporated Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities Brooke Glenn Mullin - JP Morgan Unidentified Analyst
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion’s third quarter earnings conference call. We now have Mr. Tom Chewning, Dominion’s Chief Financial Officer, in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Chewning’s prepared remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given, as the procedure to follow should you want to ask a question.  I will now turn the conference over to Tom Chewning. Mr. Chewning, you may begin. 
Thomas N. Chewning: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Dominion’s third quarter 2006 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Tom Farrell, our President and CEO, and other members of our management team.  This morning, I will review actual third quarter 2006 results, give an update on our credit metrics, outline changes to our commodity hedge position, and provide assumptions for the fourth quarter. Tom Farrell will then report on the conclusions of our strategic review process.  Concurrent with our earnings announcement this morning, we have published several supplemental schedules on our website. We ask that you refer to those exhibits for certain historical quantitative results, as well as our operating assumptions for the fourth quarter.  From time to time during this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in our quarterly earnings release, or to pages from our third quarter earnings release kit, both of which were posted this morning to Dominion’s website. That website address is www.dom.com/investors.  Let me start by providing the usual cautionary language. The earnings release, the results of our strategic review, and other matters that may be discussed on the call today contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations.  A discussion of additional risks and uncertainties related to our strategic review can be found in the important note to investors section of the strategic review supplemental information kit posted on our website, as well as in today’s press release announcing the outcome of our strategic review.  Also on this call, we will discuss some measures about our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our investor relations website under GAAP reconciliation.  Our third quarter 2006 results were strong. Dominion had operating earnings of $1.87 per share in the third quarter of 2006, compared to $1.08 per share in the prior year. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter we have exceeded analysts’ consensus earnings per share expectations. A comparison to last year’s third quarter is not relevant, as we experienced two hurricanes last year. Additionally, we booked nearly all of our business interruption income in this year’s third quarter, which further distorts year-over-year comparisons.  Our review of the third quarter will therefore be in reference to what we expected as the quarter began. We had a larger-than-expected increase in gas and oil production, and experienced wider margins, mainly attributable to higher-than-expected market prices. Weather compared to normal provided us with a slight help, as did sales of excess emissions allowance. These unanticipated upsides were partially offset by a greater-than-expected fuel usage, driven by the extreme August weather, as well as a small impact from Tropical Storm Ernesto.  Schedule 4 of our earnings release provides a reconciliation of these assumptions for the third quarter of 2006 to the actual results of our third quarter.  On a GAAP basis, earnings per share for the third quarter of 2006 were $1.85 per share, compared to $0.04 per share the prior year. You will recall that last year, the effects of both hurricanes Katrina and Rita were excluded from third quarter operating earnings. A reconciliation of GAAP to operating earnings for 2005 and 2006 can be found on schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release.  Operating cash flow was strong at $1.5 billion, due to solid earnings and net positive working capital changes. Credit metrics improved materially during the quarter. Adjusted debt to total capital improved by 3.8 percentage points to 51.2%, and adjusted FFO to interest for the last 12 months improved to 3.8 times from 3.7 times at the end of the previous quarter.  Our year-end expectation is to have a coverage ratio of 4.2 times, which is our goal as a strong investment grade credit.  There are several reasons for these improvements. First, we have had three solid quarters of performance this year.  Second, our negative AOCI balance, reflecting the market value of our hedge portfolio, has improved by $2.6 billion in the last 12 months, as legacy hedges roll off and commodity prices have declined.  Third, we are pleased to report we have completed two of the three initiatives we announced in May to improve our credit metrics. Specifically, we have and will continue through the end of this year to issue new equity to satisfy demand for direct investment in our stock, which should yield about $140 million in 2006, and we have issued two hybrid securities for $800 million in proceeds, for which we receive 50% equity credit from Moody’s and SNP, and 75% credit from [Fisch].  Another initiative, which is to pay down debt with 100% of the proceeds from the sale of Peoples and Hope, is pending closure of that transaction, which we expect to occur in the first quarter of 2007.  We finished the third quarter with approximately $5 billion in available liquidity, our strongest position ever. Cash margin and outstanding letters of credit declined with lower commodity prices, and we received cash due to us from our business interruption claims from Katrina and Rita.  During the third quarter of 2006, we hedged an additional 10 billion cubic feet equivalent of 2007 and 11 billion cubic feet equivalent of 2008 natural gas and oil production. On the electric side, we hedged an additional 368 mega-watts of 2007 and 105 mega-watts of 2008 merchant base load generation in New England. Details of our current electric, coal, natural gas, and oil hedge positions can be found on pages 30 and 31 of our third quarter earnings release kit.  Schedule 6 of this morning’s earnings release provides details of our fourth quarter earnings drivers and assumptions. Please note that in addition to the assumptions we normally provide for the quarter, we have also listed several items from the fourth quarter of 2005 that you should keep in mind when developing an estimate of 2006 fourth quarter earnings.  In the fourth quarter of 2005, Dominion reported operating earnings of $1.02 per share. Fourth quarter 2006 drivers that are expected to compare favorably to fourth quarter 2005 include higher contributions from the company’s merchant generation business, lower under-recovered Virginia fuel expenses, and a small remaining balance of our business interruption insurance proceeds from hurricanes Katrina and Rita.  Expected offsets include lower margins in the E&P business due to lower expected price realization, the absence of a mark-to-market benefit from hedges designated following the 2005 hurricanes, and a $0.01 per share expense from Tropical Storm Ernesto.  We are reconfirming our full-year 2006 operating earnings guidance range of $5.05 to $5.25 per share, although we would expect actual earnings to fall between the low-end of the range and the mid-point, assuming normal weather in the fourth quarter.  Three non-operational factors have negatively impacted our 2006 projected results: In total, these three factors have reduce projected earnings by $0.40 per share. Of this impact, $0.35 per share can be attributed to the E&P business unit.  That we expect to produce earnings within the original 2006 guidance range, in spite of these non-operational impacts, is confirmation that the fundamental earnings power of the company is not only intact, but operationally Dominion is performing better than planned.  Even more compelling is the fact that the core utility and power generation businesses that will comprise the new Dominion -- that is, Dominion delivery, Dominion energy, and Dominion generation, have been able to more than offset commodity price and utility weather impacts, and have produced earnings well ahead of their original plans.  We are not only pleased with results for the first nine months of 2006 -- we are confident in our future.  Now I will turn the call over to Tom Farrell for his report on Dominion’s strategic review process. Tom. 
Thomas F. Farrell: Good morning. Before getting started, please note that we posted a supplemental information kit on our website this morning, and I will refer to several slides in the kit during our discussion. The kit is intended to provide reference material to help you understand and model the new Dominion.  For the past nine months, we have conducted a review of Dominion’s current business strategy. We considered market data, had multiple conversations with major institutional shareholders, consulted with various advisers, and had extensive internal discussions and debate. We have completed that process and reviewed our preferred approach with our board.  We have concluded that pursuing the sale of all of our E&P reserves, with the exception of those located in Appalachia, would result in the right mix of assets for Dominion in the long-term. By redeploying the net cash proceeds of any sale into debt reduction, stock buy-backs, and expansion of our remaining businesses, we believe shareholders would benefit from solid, reliable growth from a complementary set of assets that are among the best in their industry groups.  The new Dominion would be refocused and stronger, and would continue to stand as one of the premier integrated electric and gas utilities available to investors.  Dominion’s new profile would be a company with: These businesses, on a consolidated basis, should grow operating earnings per share at a rate of 4% to 6% annually. A breakdown of this growth profile can be found on slide 9 of the kit.  Dominion’s risk profile would be reduced, as E&P would be a substantially smaller portion of our consolidated earnings. We project our Appalachian production to contribute less than 5% of 2008 operating earnings post-sale, about the same percentage it represented before our merger with CNG in the year 2000. The sensitivity of Dominion’s earnings to movements in the price of oil and gas would be approximately two-thirds lower after a sale. Moreover, the remaining commodity exposure would be more predictable and easier to hedge going forward.  Our present business mix has made it difficult for our traditional shareholders to understand Dominion. Despite our best efforts, we have not been able to convince the investment community that the combination of our high quality E&P reserves and the results delivered by our management team and employees, deserve the same earnings credit as more highly-valued, utility type assets.  The percentage of our earnings derived from our E&P business exceeds the comfort level of those investing in the utility sector. This is reflected in Dominion’s significant discount to its utility peer group.  Our E&P management team and employees have created a great deal of value for our shareholders, but we do not believe it will ever fully be recognized in Dominion’s stock price. At the same time, we expect the premier quality of our reserves, operations, and employee group to produce significant cash proceeds.  After-tax cash would first be used to reduce debt by an amount that would be necessary to maintain our existing credit metric targets. We believe this, combined with a lower business risk profile, will enable us to maintain or improve our credit ratings at both Dominion and CNG.  We would use the remainder to reduce our share count through stock buy-backs, unless specific investments are available in our remaining businesses that would provide a superior alternative. We expect, and have been advised, that once any sale is completed, our per share earnings times an appropriate industry multiple would result in a higher stock value than if we continued on our entire E&P portfolio.  I want to make it clear that our strategic review process is complete and that we intend to keep the resulting business profile for the foreseeable future. However, our review of individual assets in each business unit will continue unabated. We will work to improve the return on invested capital across the company. You will appreciate that this has not been a precipitous or an easy decision. We are blessed with one of the nation’s best oil and gas operations and outstanding employees.  It is our belief that not only will Dominion shareholders benefit, but our E&P employees will have more opportunity to apply their skills and talents in a company grounded in the oil and gas industry.  Some of you may wonder why we would retain our Appalachian reserves and production. There are a number of factors that support this decision. As you can see, on our asset map shown on slide 8 of the information kit, these reserves are located in the middle of our gas pipeline, gathering, and storage businesses. Oil and gas production activities help us maximize the value of our entire investment in the region. Drilling costs per well are relatively low, and we have experienced a 98% success rate in the region over a long period of time.  The location of this production creates a positive basis differential compared to other producing areas. Annual depletion rates are low, which reduces capital needed to replace lost production.  Finally, retaining over 1 trillion cubic feet of reserves provides us an indirect hedge for the financial impact of potential CO2 regulations.  There is a lot of industry interest in all of our E&P assets. We have already fielded several reverse inquiries, even before this announcement today.  The sale of all the reserves to one buyer is our preferred approach for a number of reasons. We believe we will receive a premium from a strategic buyer, and our employees deserve a chance to keep this program together, as long as we obtain maximum value.  We will begin a formal sales process in mid-February, after our 2006 reserve audit is complete. Our expectation is that any transaction from this process would close around mid-2007.  During our strategic review, we thoroughly analyzed an IPO spin-off and determined that it would not create shareholder value equal to the anticipated value which we expect to be created by a sale. We will, however, revisit this option in the event that we do not achieve expected value for our sales process.  For Dominion, today’s announcement is not about retrenchment. It is about refocused grow. We are looking at significant earnings expansion over the next few years from a variety of factors we have reviewed previously. Also, we have our sights set on other opportunities.  There are many positive events on the horizon. For example, starting next July, Dominion Virginia Power will revert to a traditional fuel clause. We will not be eligible for a one-time true-up for periods prior to July of 2007. We will, however, be eligible for true-ups in all future periods. Had we functioned under a traditional fuel clause this year, it would have net more than an expected $300 million in additional operating income for 2006.  We also will benefit next year from higher prices, realized for our New England generating units, and capacity payments under forward-capacity markets, as well as continued growth in our electric distribution service area. We are adding about 40,000 new customer accounts per year.  You are also aware of the discussions about building a new coal fire power station in Southwest Virginia. We are in the process of obtaining an early site burning to build a third nuclear unit at North Anna Power Station if and when the right regulatory and financial incentives materialize.  The Cove Point LNG expansion is scheduled to come online in 2008.  We are also looking for other growth opportunities in our remaining core business lines. We will seek opportunities to produce strong returns on invested capital and to create long-term shareholder value. With our strategy more clear and a financially stronger company, we will be positioned to pursue those opportunities.  Today’s announcement is a result of a new way of looking at our business. Earnings and cash flow are important, but so is maximizing the risk reward ratio of our investments.  Although Dominion pays a sizable dividend from the income we derived from our existing operations, we believe that we can pay out a higher percentage for the remaining businesses, which will have a lower risk and more consistent overall earnings profile than we have today.  It is too early to change our dividend policy, but management will address the possibility of an enhanced quarterly dividend following any transactions related to our strategic decision.  We have been ably assisted in this work by JP Morgan, Lehman Brothers, and Juniper Advisory LP. Advising us on market perception of our existing and future activities has been Steve Fleishman of Merrill Lynch. Our legal advisers are Baker Botts and McGuire Woods.  There is much work to do to accomplish the sale of these E&P properties. Our whole organization has geared up to make it a successful process. Once again, as I have done on many previous occasions, let me say how much we appreciate the professionalism and excellence demonstrated by Duane Radtke and the entire Dominion E&P team.  I am now going to turn the call back over to Tom Chewning to discuss some of the financial aspects of the transaction. 
Thomas N. Chewning: Thank you, Tom. Many of you may want to model the company’s earnings per share following its sale of the E&P reserves. An important modeling assumption is the estimated sales price of the non-Appalachian assets. None of us knows exactly what the market will pay for these assets, but we do know that the market is strong.  Industry observers have described these properties as the most attractive to be placed on the market in the last 10 years. We have been advised that based on the superior quality and demand of E&P assets and reserves, plus development potential, the proceeds we should expect to receive should fall in the upper range of recent, comparable transactions.  It would not be appropriate for us to provide you with a forecast of sales proceeds at this time. Each of you has your own perspective and models when you estimate values of oil and gas properties. Presumably, all of you would look to what you consider to be comparable recent transactions.  We have found the J.S. HURL database to be an excellent source of information, and after this call, our investor relations group will be available to direct you to where you may obtain additional information along these lines, or to answer other follow-up questions you may have.  A significant determinant of value is the level of proof reserves being sold. Total estimated reserves as of September 30 are approximately 6.6 trillion cubic feet equivalent. Non-Appalachian reserves to be sold are approximately 5.5 trillion cubic feet equivalent. These are un-audited estimates.  The tax basis for the non-Appalachian reserves is $3.8 billion. As we move forward, we will be working to improve the tax profile of the transaction, either through recognition of existing, un-utilized tax carry-forwards, or through the tax impacts of any transactions that result from our ongoing asset review process.  Slide 10 of the supplemental information kit provides a number of other key modeling considerations, which you may find helpful in estimating the financial impact of this transaction and modeling 2008 earnings per share for the new Dominion. Although today’s strategic decision was not made for short-term market impact, we expect that Dominion’s stock price will be greater after completion of the sale, debt requirement, and stock buy-back processes than it would be if this course was not followed.  This concludes our prepared remarks on both the third quarter results and our decision to market our E&P business. We are happy to take your questions. Lindsay, would you open the lines?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with Citigroup. Sir, please go ahead. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. I have several questions. First, let’s talk about the strategic review and then I will circle back to the quarter and the year. First, when we look at your outlook for ’07 and ’08, and we look at, would it be safe to start by looking at the May 22nd analyst presentation, adjusting for known or measurable changes in the commodity price outlook, as sort of the base off of which we should then be thinking about how we model this transaction?
Thomas N. Chewning: I think you can do exactly what you just described. We outlined on May 22nd the earnings expectations as well as sensitivity to commodity prices, so if you would update that for our recent hedge activity and commodity prices, that is a pretty good base to use. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, so the long-term earnings growth rates you are talking about are off that ’08 base?
Thomas N. Chewning: Yes. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. Second, is there anything that we need to be aware of in terms of how the hedge accounting on hedges that are at the corporate level might impact earnings in this transition? Are these assets going to be discontinued for earnings perspective? How should we think about the accounting as we transition from owning these assets to not owning these assets?
Thomas N. Chewning: I am going to let Steve Rogers give you an accounting primmer on this, but one of the questions I will answer up front, in case it is going to be asked, in terms of a transaction, we will settle all the outstanding hedges before the transaction is complete, or as it is completing, so that is if they are sold, so that part is in the transaction, but Steve will comment on where we are from an accounting standpoint. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Does that include the VPPs?
Thomas N. Chewning: We will deal with the VPPs as necessary, yes. 
Steve Rogers: If I do not answer your question, just pipe up with another, but I think what you are asking is would we leave our hedges in place at this point, given this announcement. Right now, the hedge relationships that are in place do exist and we continue to leave them in hedge accounting. How we would evaluate whether they stay in hedge accounting would just depend on what happens with a prospective deal, and as we receive offers and as we go through the process, then we would obviously keep everybody appraised of that as things develop. 
Thomas N. Chewning: It will be business as usual from an accounting standpoint until there is a particular trip wire, if it occurs. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I am also assuming the reason that the first choice is to sell rather than spin these assets is to generate the cash necessary to permanently de-lever the core business?
Thomas N. Chewning: I think our preference to sell as a group relates an awful lot to trying to keep our employee base intact. They have created a tremendous amount of value, so that -- assuming that we could get the same value from one seller that we could in multiple processes, that is our preferred route. It does not necessarily have to be the route that creates the greatest value, but we assume that it might, but we do not have any knowledge right now that would tell us which would give the highest value. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Well, you are giving up -- there is a tremendous amount of tax leakage in an outright sale. My question is, what is the offsetting benefit to the corporation that makes you prefer a sale to a spin, when a spin would obviate the tax leakage? 
Thomas F. Farrell: Greg, when we went through the analysis, we looked very carefully at a spin, whether it was a pure spin or a spin with an IPO, and we compared that to the results for the sale, including the tax leakage, which we are going to, as Tom said in his portion, we are going to work hard on to reduce the tax leakage, and we have some opportunities there. When you look at the results going down either one of those paths, it was clear to us that more shareholder value was created going down the sale path than down the IPO spin path, for a variety of reasons.  But we looked at it extremely carefully. We will deal with a certain amount of debt, but we will have a very significant amount of cash left over, which will be used for stock buy-backs. 
Thomas N. Chewning: If I could just maybe add one more thing to that, the equation of creating value if we had a spin, our shareholders would have two pieces of paper. The litmus test would be if those two pieces of paper were worth more than one piece of paper, so you are taking significant risk on IPO value there is using an IPO discount. If you take a look at pure play E&P companies and their multiples, our analysis did not show a gain for our employees in the scenario.  Of course, the reason we keep it open is two-fold. One, because we want to make sure that we can realize what we expect to realize on a sale process, and secondly, markets change, so if the multiples of the E stocks changed, et cetera, it might bring it back into play, but that was the analysis from recent market data.  Also, the other factor is that when you have tax leakage, you use a 37% tax rate. Even if we did not improve it, you have to compare that to premiums being paid over market values of E&P companies, and there really kind of has to be a cancellation of the tax leakage by the amount of premiums normally paid in big transactions. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Two more questions. One, I did not hear, or maybe I missed, what you think you can do to improve your tax basis, or offset some of the tax leakage. Could you comment on that? Then, on the quarter, you said there were three factors that lowered the quarter and the year’s expectations, and several factors that improved in the core business that allowed you to stay within the range. Could you reiterate those, please?
Steve Rogers: Greg, this is Steve Rogers again. On the tax question, as Tom mentioned, we are going to look at our available tax laws, carry-forwards, and also some potential other transactions that may come up as part of the asset review to try to minimize the tax impact.  One thing I would comment on there is if you look at our 2005 tax disclosure in the 10-K, it would look on paper that there are some very large tax shields that are available and in place to shield some of the cash impact. I just want to caution that some of our activity this year in 2006, our normal business, the Dominion Peoples and Hope sale, have reduced those carry-forwards significantly through the end of September.  The ultimate use of these carry-forwards and tax credits will depend on proceeds received, structures of transactions, and things like that. But on a net basis, we think in that area, we could probably get up to about $300 million of federal and state income tax cash benefits to help shield the tax impact of the transaction. 
Thomas N. Chewning: On the other side of that, that is what we have today. In our asset review process, should we find transactions that would create income and may or may not have tax losses associated with them, but would also improve our ROIC going forward, those are things we are not going to quantify for you because we have to go through the review process.  Obviously, we will be incented at this time, should we create, and we expect to create, large capital gains, that we would be looking for opportunities to win win in a situation where the market is willing to value assets that we hold, and on a much higher multiple that what we traditionally have done, as you have seen in the marketing, not only of two LDCs but also some generation properties in the Midwest. 
Joe O'Hare: Your second question involved the factors that impacted 2006 projected results. We saw lower commodity prices than expected going into the year. We did receive lower business interruption insurance proceeds than we originally guided, and weather in the utility area was lower than expected.  What we are saying is those three factors were offset through other operations, and that a large majority of those items really are included in the E&P business, $0.35 out of the $0.40.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Sir, please go ahead.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning, guys. Not to be asking for what are you going to do for me tomorrow already, but could you just give a little comment on the thoughts about main to main, and does that change at all, or do you broaden the scope for the ongoing businesses with the move beyond E&P?
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, at least you gave us 10 minutes into the call, Dan, to ask that question. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: It is 39 minutes. 
Thomas F. Farrell: 39 minutes -- I meant in the Q&A portion. No, I am glad you did ask the question. Some may recall that in the May 22nd presentation that we did in Boston, we said that we were no longer going to restrict ourselves to main to main, that we were going to look anywhere east of the Mississippi River-ish, sort of states just west of the Mississippi River and everything east of the Mississippi River, and we will continue to do that and look for all the alternatives we can that are in these pipeline business, storage business, electric business, generation business, et cetera. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess, Duane, since we might not have anymore opportunities to ask, could you just talk a little bit about the drilling program for the fourth quarter, and are there any big projects out there that could get moved from P2, P3 to a P1 situation before final audit at year-end?
Duane C. Radtke: Sure, Dan. You know, the projects continue. The on-shore program, we continue to expand. I think if you look at the details in the Q and the K, the number of wells that we drilled were on a substantially higher pace than even last year, so we do continue to expand those programs.  On the off-shore, for the most part, it is business as usual. Everything is -- Devil’s Tower is on at about 40,000 a day. We are doing a sidetrack at Frontrunner, so it is just normal things. As part of the ordinary process of doing reserves, obviously we will take into account all the additional drilling that takes place in the fourth quarter.  Nothing outside the ordinary. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So no big push at the end here?
Duane C. Radtke: Well, we have a push every year. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: One last question, I guess just thinking about it in earnings composition perspective. As the generation fleet within Virginia goes to a competitive market and you look at the size of the merchant fleet already, you guys are again going to be not year-to-year explicitly, but longer term, more exposed commodity prices, probably more than half, even as we look out. Is there anything we should think about from an earnings balance perspective, even in a post-E&P era source, how much quality price exposure you want?
Thomas F. Farrell: You are talking about in 2011?
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Yes. 
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, we will see how that works its way through. If the generation fleet in Virginia will go to what we expect to be -- we will have to see, but our expectation is it will be a PJM style market rate, because that is the RTO that we are in and that is what the legislation calls for, assuming that the commission finds that it is a competitive market, which we believe that it is -- aggressively competitive market.  That sits out there, Dan, and we will work our way toward that, but we have a few years to deal with that. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Terran Miller with UBS. Please go ahead.
Terran Miller - UBS: Good morning. A couple or three questions, if I might. Number one is, can you quantify how much of the VPPs will be removed from the rating agency’s calculations on [DID]? Number two is, do you think you are going to have any issues moving proceeds from CNG up to Dominion under the indentures? 
Scott Hetzer: First off, on the VPPs, we just need to work through that through the sales process, and once it is all said and done and we know exactly how that is going to be treated, then we would expect the rating agencies to make the appropriate adjustment. 
Terran Miller - UBS: Just how much is it imputing at this point?
Scott Hetzer: I’m sorry?
Terran Miller - UBS: How much are they imputing at this point?
Scott Hetzer: They are -- I will give you a number in just a second. The second part of your question, in terms of getting the proceeds from CNG to Dominion, it is early to talk about what we will do with use of proceeds and exactly which debt we would retire. We have retained counsel. We are reviewing and have reviewed all the relevant financing agreements, and we certainly think we have the ability and flexibility to do what we are talking about doing in terms of asset sales and debt reduction.  In terms of specifics, where the debt is retired, it is too early to go into that. 
Terran Miller - UBS: Okay, and could you remind us what your debt targets are for either CNG and/or for Dominion?
Scott Hetzer: The debt targets will remain the same. Of course, this is going to reduce our risk profile, and our credit metrics, the targets for the credit metrics will stay the same. For FFO to interest, we expect to produce greater than or equal to 4.2 times coverage, and for debt to cap, we expect to be less than or equal to 50%. 
Terran Miller - UBS: Thank you very much. 
Scott Hetzer: Terran, in response to your earlier question, the debt adjustment right now for the VPPs is just over $300 million. 
Terran Miller - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: I was just hoping to get a little more clarity around how to model the balance sheet impact of the sale. I assume that the way in which you would allocate proceeds to the repurchase of capital would be to ensure that your adjusted debt to capitalization ratio met your 50% target, and your adjusted FFO to interest ratio met your 4.2 times target, to the extent that the after-tax proceeds of the sale were in excess of the amounts required to pay debt to meet those targets, and that excess would be applied to share repurchase, or is that too ambitious?
Scott Hetzer: Yes, that would be a fair statement. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, and then, I am just trying to clarify something I thought I heard earlier. Did you all state that you had approximately $300 million of unutilized tax loss carry-forwards that you could apply against the taxable gain from the sale of E&P, or did I mis-hear that?
Steve Rogers: We think that we could probably use up to $300 million, depending on the tax profile at the time and deals and all that, but that is our estimate at this point. 
Hugh Wynne - Sanford C. Bernstein: Very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. A couple of questions, just one picking up on something Greg was asking about. On the slide where you talk on a pro forma basis, E&P would have been 40% of 2008 on a status quo type basis. Are we to assume that is an adjusted mark-to-market 2008? Are you referring there just to the piece you are selling or to the overall E&P business?
Thomas N. Chewning: I think it was referring to if we kept the entirety of our E&P business as we know it today. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I had a follow-up as well. Is there an update on your Midwest generation, the generation after sales of the Midwest, when you would expect to make a decision on those. 
Thomas F. Farrell: Nothing to announce yet, Jonathan. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Rebecca Followill with Howard Weil. Please go ahead. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil Incorporated: Good morning. Several questions for you. You said that you would reduce your debt sufficient to maintain your current credit metrics. Could you give us specifically how much that is? Another on the discontinued operations -- could you clarify again what point it would go to discontinued operations on the earnings? Then I have two more as well. 
Thomas N. Chewning: On the first one, we are going to stop short of giving you an exact dollar amount, although I know you well enough to know that you will get very close to what we probably need to do, combined with what Scott said earlier about our debt to cap and FFO to interest coverages. But obviously, it is not an absolutely putting a micron on a mud puddle, but you will get very close, and that is our first order of business, is to keep our credit metrics intact, while our credit profile is improving.  In terms of asset health of sales, we have certainly not tripped the different conventions that would create that situation, and it would probably be, and Steve could say something more specific, the transaction was being actionable. 
Steve Rogers: We would have to get to some more definition around a specific or a proposed transaction, get a little further down the road and analyze it as we go. There are very prescriptive rules that we would have to follow. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil Incorporated: Why put on additional hedges at this point when you are looking to sell? Finally, on the Appalachian properties, any plans to change the strategy there? There is a lot of activity going on with horizontal drilling and full drilling. By having a smaller business, any plans to possibly change that strategy?
Thomas F. Farrell: With respect to the hedging activity during the third quarter, if that is what you are asking, Rebecca. 
Rebecca Followill - Howard Weil Incorporated: Yes, I am asking two different questions. 
Thomas F. Farrell: We came to this decision towards the end of the third quarter. We have said from the beginning that we were going to continue business as usual as we went through the process. So we did that. We saw what we thought were very good prices, but we have said the last couple of years that we were going to average in over time in various percentages, and we continued that activity through the third quarter. We have reached the hedge targets that we have in our plan at present, so we will continue to look at that as we go along, but I would not expect a great deal more hedging, at least in the E&P side, over the next few months.  With respect to the Appalachian business plan, we will be looking very hard at expanding that business any way we can as we go through time, because the rest of the company is going to be growing at a fairly rigorous pace in ’07 and ’08 and ’09. We are very satisfied with the profile of the Appalachian reserve. We have been there for a very long time. Dominion has been there for at least 15 years. We know the people. We know the assets. We have great relationships with all the suppliers in that region. We will be looking at expanding there in various ways. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: Thank you. First question would be, I know you have not really commented on what you expect in terms of proceeds on the transaction, but generally speaking, can you comment on whether you would expect to see the transaction dilutive or accretive to your earnings per share?
Thomas F. Farrell: What we are looking at is, it depends obviously on what the proceeds are. While it may be dilutive to earnings per share initially, we expect in particular when the multiple, we expect the multiple expansion to occur. We trade at a very significant discount to other electric utilities and pipeline companies. We expect as, and have been advised by our advisers, that as we go through the process and we begin to enjoy multiple expansion, that we will increase shareholder value. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: The second question is, could you indicate to us, sort of on a growth basis, the amount of debt that would be affected by the sale? Would the provision in that debt be that that debt essentially would become due in payable, or do the debt holders have to give permission, if it is beyond a certain percent in terms of asset sales?
Scott Hetzer: First off, there is about $2.9 billion of debt at CNG. Of course, we expect to take in proceeds much greater than that, so we would be looking to retire debt elsewhere in the portfolio. As far as which specific debt issues would be retired, it is as I said earlier, it is much too early to determine that.  In terms of ability to transact the sale, as I said earlier, we have retained counsel and have reviewed all relevant covenants in all the documents and certainly believe that we have the flexibility to do this. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: But is there also a change in status as -- there is like $7 billion of debt at the Dominion resources, or the holding company level. Does anything happen, based on an asset sale, to that debt?
Scott Hetzer: No, it does not. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: My last question would be you were expecting I think something in the order of 114 ECFE sales on the quarter. You came in 5 above that. Could you describe what would have caused the variance to your guidance expectation that you put out? Also, given the very strong performance in the third quarter, what would be the difficulty in getting to the high-end of your guidance range on the year?
Thomas F. Farrell: The first part, I will ask Duane to cover on production, and then I will ask Joe O’Hare to cover the second. 
Duane C. Radtke: Good question. The production was up mostly in the off-shore. We had a continuation of the strong performance we had in the first-half, which is a combination of timing when we built our models and our plan, as to when we would be able to bring some of this production back on. Also, some of the early performance in some of the reservoirs were stronger than what we had predicted in our models.  Likewise, the on-shore continues to expand, and we are having some great results there. I actually go back to Dan’s question earlier, too. That certainly is going to be a driver towards where we look at for year-end reserves. We have had a great year and great reserve replacements, particularly in the third quarter here, so the programs are doing very, very well. 
Paul Fremont - Jefferies & Company: On the year, in terms of guidance?
Joe O'Hare: If you take a look at Schedule 6 in the earnings release, you probably have not had a lot of time this morning to model that out, but there are a couple of negative factors in comparison to the fourth quarter of ’05 that is really going to produce not a favorable comparison. So you have to add that to the year-to-date.  Two things, namely. One is the average realized price expectations with E&P are affected certainly by market price compared to last year, as well as the fact that some of the hedge prices have actually been recognized in prior periods through some of these FAS-133 mark-to-market gains.  If you model out the E&P margin expectation, that is going to be a little low. Plus, you have benefits of FAS-133 from the fourth quarter of ’05 that do not recur in the fourth quarter of ’06.  We will be happy to work through the details of modeling that with you, but I think that it is all clear if you look at the variables on page six, or Schedule 6, excuse me. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Our next question comes from Sam Brothwell with Wachovia. Please go ahead. 
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Good morning. I think most of mine have been hit, but one thing that occurs to me, now that you are principally focused in Appalachia on the gas business, and you have some other gas assets that would qualify, would you consider looking at an MLP structure for any of those things?
Thomas F. Farrell: We will continue to look at anything we can do to enhance return on invested capital and shareholder returns, as we go along. But I do not want anybody -- I want to make it clear, as I said before, we are finished looking at our mix of assets here. We are very content with what we are retaining and going forward with. We think they are top-of-class in every single industry sector. They are performing at peak levels.  We will always look at what we can do to increase shareholder value, but the mix of assets, the review of whether we should be in this business or that business, is at an end. 
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Brooke Glenn Mullin with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Brooke Glenn Mullin - JP Morgan: Good morning. If you look at the cost structure for the Appalachian properties, I assume that those are better than your portfolio as a whole. Could you give us a sense of what the listing cost and the DDNA on just the Appalachian portfolio would be, or at least a range?
Scott Hetzer: Brooke, we are going to lay out any of the drivers and assumptions related to the continuing businesses, or remaining businesses, I guess I should say, at the appropriate time, most likely in the first quarter of 2007. We have not broken out those costs at this time, and we are really not prepared to do that today. I would be on the lookout for the drivers and assumptions after the turn of the year. 
Brooke Glenn Mullin - JP Morgan: Is it fair to assume though that those would be lower than the portfolio as a whole? 
Scott Hetzer: I am not really sure. I think I would rather wait to -- 
Duane C. Radtke: That is a pretty broad question, and you have all sorts of different types of reserves, so I do not think that is a -- if we were to answer one way or the other, it still would not lead you to the conclusions. 
Brooke Glenn Mullin - JP Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Matthew Lennie with UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: It is actually [inaudible] with UBS. Just a couple of quick questions. Most of mine were actually answered at the beginning. That said, I wanted to gauge your commitment in terms of selling the E&P assets, excluding Appalachia. In particular, I am assuming you have price points of what you would like to see out of the different areas and so forth. If you do not achieve those price points, would you consider once the auction process is over, that you would consider keeping let’s say the longer live reserves, but put more focus on selling the shorter live reserves?
Thomas F. Farrell: We think that there is very little likelihood that we will not get the value that we will be looking for. We have had very expert advisors in here looking at our assets and they have described them to us as the best set of assets they offered for sale in the last 10 years.  That said, if we do not get the levels that we are looking for, we will take a look at doing, we will reconsider the IPO spin option. After that, we will take a look at other alternatives as well. But I do not expect to get to that spot. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and one last question, just on this strategic review. You had said earlier that it is ongoing, but you will continue reviewing on an individual asset basis. Given your strategic review and so forth, will you be more focused on organic growth, cap-ex, or strategic bolt-on acquisitions? Or is there still a possibility that there is some assets that you still may sell but they will be more on an individual asset basis?
Thomas F. Farrell: I think both -- either you said there is an or in all that, and I think both are correct. We will be looking at organic growth. We will look at buying additional generating assets, pipeline assets, storage assets that will continue to grow our retail business. We will look at expansion in Appalachia, but we will be looking, as we have been over the last couple of years, at how each individual assets are performing, and compare that to how the rest of the company is performing, and if we cannot see a way to fix it, we will sell it. 
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. When you say that you are looking to potentially buy some assets and so forth, would you actually consider swapping some E&P assets that are up for sale for a, for example, a pipeline or a storage asset that is of interest with another company?
Thomas F. Farrell: We have been down that path before. Unfortunately, you do not really get any tax advantage out of that, because it is not really a life-time exchange that will qualify particularly well, but we certainly would be happy to consider it if we found the right set of assets and if we found a tax advantage to it. 
Operator: Thank you for your question, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas N. Chewning: I do, and Tom Farrell does. Tom. 
Thomas F. Farrell: I want to thank you all for listening. I want to make it clear that we are not selling the E&P business because we feel that we have to for any particular reason. Our E&P company is performing at exceptional levels. Market prices are very good for these types of assets. We are selling it in a situation in which we consider ourselves to be in a position of strength, moving from a position of strength into a subsequent position of strength.  The people that have worked with us there have done a tremendous job, and we are very pleased that they have been part of Dominion and we have high expectations of them working with us through the balance of this process. It was a decision that we did not reach easily, but it is one we think is in the best interest of the shareholders over the long term and the employees. Thank you. 
Thomas N. Chewning: Just a reminder, our Form 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today. Our fourth quarter earnings release is scheduled for Wednesday, January 31, 2007. We would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We will be at the EI conference in Las Vegas next week, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. Please enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and please have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO   Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO   Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration   Scott Hetzer, Group Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer   Mark F. McGettrick, President and CEO, Dominion Generation   Joseph O’Hare, Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   Greg Gordon, Citigroup   Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein   Paul Fremont, Jefferies & Co   Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse   Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets   Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley   Sam Brothwell, Wachovia Securities   David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott   Paul Paterson, Glenrock Associates   Tom O’Neil
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Dominion’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Tom Chewning, Dominion’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Chewning’s presentation, we will open the floor for questions. At that time, instructions will be given as to the procedure to follow if you would like to ask a question. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Chewning. Mr. Chewning you may begin.
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Thank you Pfeiffer. Good morning and welcome to Dominion’s First Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. Joining me this morning are Tom Farrell, our President and CEO, and other members of our management team. This morning, I will review actual first quarter 2006 results compared to our expectations, give an update on our credit metrics and liquidity position, outline changes to our commodity hedges since our last call and provide assumptions for the second quarter of 2006. We will defer detailed discussion regarding our post 2006 financial outlook to our May 22nd analyst meeting in Boston. Tom Farrell will review operational performance and other matters following my remarks. Concurrent with our earnings announcement this morning, we published several supplemental schedules on our website. We ask that you refer to these exhibits for certain historical quantitative results as well as our operating assumptions for the second quarter. From time to time during this call, we will refer to certain schedules included in our quarterly earnings release or the pages from our first quarter 2006 earnings release kit, both of which were posted this morning to the Dominion website. The website address is www.dom.com/investors. We start by providing the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that maybe discussed on the call today contain forward-looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarter report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management’s projections, forecast estimates, and expectations. Also, on this call we will discuss the measures about our company’s performance that differ from those recognized by GAAP. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our investor relations website under GAAP reconciliation. Dominion recorded operating earnings of $1.63 per share in the first quarter of 2006, compared to $1.44 per share in the prior year. Schedule 5 of our earnings releases provides a detailed reconciliation of the first quarter of 2006 to the first quarter of 2005. The first quarter of 2006 results exceeded internal expectations largely due to highly unexpected oil production in the Gulf of Mexico. Equivalent natural gas production of 111 billion cubic feet exceeded the upper end of our first quarter forecast, primarily due to increased deep water oil production at the Devil’s Tower facility, including three new wells at Triton and Goldfinger. Other differences between actual and expected results generally offset each other. Lower than expected natural gas prices had a favorable effect on the general fuel expense, variable cost to natural gas and oil production, and the mark-to-market evaluation of remaining de-designated hedges. However, these lower natural gas prices had an unfavorable effect on unhedged natural gas sales revenue. Warmer-than-normal weather had a favorable effect on Virginia fuel expenses but an unfavorable effect on electric and natural gas utility sales. Adjusting for the net impact of warmer-than-normal weather on utility based rate revenue and Virginia fuel expenses and the net changes in the fare value of hedged contracts that will settle later this year, normalized first quarter operating earnings were $1.50 per share. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share for the first quarter 2006 were $1.53 per share compared to $1.25 per share the prior year. A reconciliation of GAAP-to-operating earnings for 2005 and 2006 can be found on Schedules 2 and 3 of our earnings release. As Tom Farrell will review in detail earlier, the company’s operations performed at or above the levels we had set as our goals for the quarter. Due to the positive first quarter start and the expectations for continued operational excellence for the balance of the year, we are affirming full year guidance of $5.05 to $5.25 per share. During the first quarter, Moody’s downgraded Dominion Sr. unsecured debt rating one notch to Baa2 with a stable outlook, and Fitch affirmed its BBB rating with a sable outlook. While we are disappointed with Moody’s rating action, our focus is on the execution of our business plan, and we will continue to strengthen our balance sheet, cash flow, and credit ratios over the next several years. I’m pleased to report that our credit metrics generally improved during the first quarter. Although the FFO, the interest coverage ratios for the trailing 12 months, held flat at 3.7 times compared to year end 2005, the adjusted debt-to-capital show improved to 56.4% from 58.1% at year end. The calculation of these measures can be found on pages 34 and 35 of our first quarter earnings release kit. Lastly, we generated nearly $1 billion in operating cash flow during the first quarter and finished the quarter with more than $3 billion of available liquidity. In the second quarter, we’ve taken $330 million of new equity as we settle our March 2002 mandatory convertible offerings. While we have no plans for any capital market equity offerings, we have decided to utilize newly authorized shares to satisfy purchases under our direct stock purchase plans during the remainder of 2006. This will provide approximately $140 million in new equity and will add about 2 million shares to total shares outstanding over the next nine months. This new equity provides financial flexibility to take advantage of incremental asset purchases such as the Pablo Gas & Oil acquisition, which Tom Farrell will discuss, as well as opportunities that might be available to our other business units. In addition, it will help us to accelerate the improvement in our credit metrics. There is no change to our 2006 earnings per share guidance as a result of this decision. In addition to the assumptions we normally provide for the quarter, we have listed several factors you should keep in mind when developing an estimate of the second quarter 2006 earnings. Drivers that compare favorably to second quarter 2005 include higher expected natural gas and oil production and prices in the absence of a scheduled refueling outage at Millstone. Favorable items in the second quarter of 2005 not expected to recur in 2006 include business interruption insurance proceeds from Hurricane Ivan and James from the sale of excess SO2 allowances. Details of our second quarter drivers and assumptions can be found on Schedule 6 of today’s earnings release. Dominion continued to follow its practice and discipline in gradual commodities hedging during the first quarter of 2006. Since our last update, we have hedged an additional 20 Bcf of 2007 natural production at $9.41 per Mcf and an additional 111 Bcf of 2008 production at $9.13 per Mcf. We have not hedged any additional oil production since our last hedge update. Including internal offsets, our current natural gas equivalent hedge positions are as follows: We have hedged 85% of 2006 production at $4.67 per Mcfe, 67% of 2007 at $5.86 per Mcfe, and 37% of 2008 at $8.26 cents per Mcfe. Hedge percentages are based on a midpoint of our production forecast range. Additionally, we have hedged locational basis differentials that essentially match our 2007 and 2008 natural commodities hedging plus volumes that exceed our natural gas commodities hedge in 2006. These basis hedges were put into place to lock in average realized prices that support our current year earnings plan. With respect to merchant generation, since our last update, we have hedged an additional 5% each of our 2006 and 2007 New England based load generation output and an additional 25% of 2008 New England based load output. Here to date, the average New England market around-the-clock prices have been about $87 per megawatts hour for 2007 and about $82 per megawatt hour for 2008. To date, we have hedged 96%, 80%, and 56% respectively of our 2006, 2007, and 2008 New England based load output. We will review in more detail the earnings impact of our generation hedge position including our merchant capacity hedges on May 22nd. Details of our current natural gas, oil, electric, and coal hedged positions can be found on pages 30 and 31 of our first quarter earnings release kit. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom Farrell for his comments.
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Good morning. We are pleased with the company’s operational and financial performance in the first quarter. Despite a very mild winter, which affected utility energy sales and resulted in a near-term retreat in commodity prices, Dominion’s strong operational performance delivered a good start to the year. Before I review first quarter results from the business units, I want to highlight three initiatives at the cooperative level which should give investors an idea of where we are focussing our attention. First, the Virginia General Assembly adopted Senate Bill 262 on April 19th. This bill provides for the return to practice for the passthrough of fuel expense to our customers. We will return to annual fuel cases for the three 12-month periods beginning July 1, 2007, and one 6-month period beginning July 1, 2010, with adjustments at the end of each 12-month period to true up any difference between actual and projected fuel cost. This change demonstrates the constructive environment in which Dominion operates in Virginia. The orderly process by which Virginia dealt with this potentially difficult situation in the utility customer space in the new commodity environment contrasts sharply with the way similar issues have been addressed in nearby states. Energy prices have become extremely volatile in recent years. Accurately estimating utility fuel cost has become difficult even over short-time horizons. The 42-month estimate required under the old law was problematic because of this uncertainty. The change will allow more accurate estimates such that consumers find share that they pay only for cost we actually incur and it protects the company by eliminating the risk of under-recovery of future fuel expense. Importantly for our customers, the new law would authorize the Safe Corporation Commission to defer as much as 40% of the first year fuel factor increase. The deferred amount will be collected over the two and half year period beginning July 1, 2008. Under current laws such as a deferral was not possible. Second, as we have said previously, we have acquired a lot of assets over the last 10 years. We believe each of them made sense at the time and their performance has been consistent with our expectations. That said, markets change and as part of our effort to improve returns on invested capital, we have engaged in a review of all of our assets to determine how they fit strategically and provide appropriate rates of return. I want to emphasize that this is not a one-time event; it is an ongoing process, it is how we manage this company. One outcome of this process was the decision to sell the Peoples & Hope Gas local distribution companies to equitable resources, which we announced in early March. Peoples & Hope are both good businesses, but we determined they did not fit strategically. Finally, beginning April 1, the company initiated a new long-term incentive program for officers and selected key contributors. The program ties long-term incentive compensations to total shareholder return and return on invested capital. Total return performance will be compared to peer groups of utilities, while return on invested capital performance will be measured against targets approved by the board’s compensation committee. When added to the existing annual incentive plan, going forward, about 50% of senior management’s compensation will be tied to performance-based incentives. These programs put our money where our mouths are and further align management’s interest with its investors. Now, let me turn to the operating performance for each business unit. The first quarter provided a number of significant events for our generation business. First, we continued to have excellent operations across the point. Our total nuclear capacity factor was above 95% with our merchant units at Millstone in Kewaunee at nearly 100%. Our fossil fleet also had a good quarter with out utility and merchant core units having availability levels just shy of 90%, well above last year. Second, the New England Forward Capacity Market Settlements, in lieu of what was formerly known as LICAP, occurred this quarter and is now in for final resolution. Dominion was an active participant in this process and strongly supports the settlement, which we hope will be approved by the requested June 30 deadlock. We will review our merchant capacity hedged positions and a positive earnings impact of the proposed forward capacity market at our May 22 analyst meeting. Delivery safety record and electric service reliability continue to improve. Our safety performance was the best we’ve experienced in seven years. Electric reliability also improved over first quarter of last year and our target is to meet or exceed last year’s strong performance. Delivery experienced its highest first quarter new electric connect volume in five years with 15,000 gross new connects. Virginia’s economy is driving. At Dominion retail, Delivery’s unregulated retail business also experienced significant customer growth adding nearly 70,000 or 6.1% net new accounts over the last 12 months. As Tom noted, Dominion’s oil and gas production for the quarter rose to 111 billion cubic feet equivalent, compared to 99 Bcfe last year, which was 9 Bcfe or about 10% above the midpoint of our first quarter guidance range. The offshore side of E&P, in regards to Northfield and West Texas, achieved another record during April with gross operative production exceeding 230 million cubic feet equivalent per day, because of an acquisition located in Texas Panhandle for $92.7 million in February called Pablo. This purchase of 44 Bcfe approved reserves was in one of our core operating areas and provides over 200 additional billing locations. From time to time we will add assets to our core E&P areas and likewise will dispose off non-core assets largely when we are not the operator as we continue to upgrade our portfolio. In our offshore business, we are back to greater than 95% of pre-Katrina and Rita levels of operation. Specifically, the final Devil’s Tower well was completed in April and we are now producing 34,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day, net to Dominion. Completion of the final frontrunner well started in April. As previously announced, Rigel Seventeen Hands commenced production in March. Dominion Energy also had a good first quarter. Electric and gas transmission and coal were on track for another record year in safety and reliability. Our focus on excellence is showing good results throughout Energy’s operations. Two recent events are of particular interest. First, on April 1, Dominion Transmission commenced operation of our new Northeast storage project, which added 10 Bcf to our portfolio. Second, last week, we received the final environmental impact statements from FERC for the coal point expansion project, and we expect to receive the certificate in time to begin construction this summer. Expansion of the plant from a daily throughput capacity of 1 billion cubic feet to 1.8 billion cubic feet should be completed in 2008. All in all, a very good first quarter. All of the factors that we believe will result in highly accelerated earnings and cash flow growth in 2007 and beyond remain in place. I will now turn the call back over to Tom Chewning for a few concluding remarks.
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Thanks Tom. Just as a reminder, our form 10-Q will be filed with the SEC later today and our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for Thursday, August 3rd. Also, we invite you to attend our May 22 analyst meeting at the Fairmont Copley Plaza Hotel in Boston, when we will discuss our business strategy and provide details about the 2007 and 2008 financial outlook including earnings guidance, forecasted cash flows, and supporting drivers and assumptions. The meeting begins at 9 a.m. EST. If you plan to attend, we ask that you RSVP to our website at www.dom.com/investors. This concludes our prepared remarks and we are happy to take your questions now. Pfeiffer…
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. If you would like to ask a question, please press the “*” key followed by the “1” key on your touchtone phone now. If at any time you would like to remove yourself from the questioning cue press “*2.” Our first question comes from Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Hi guys, good morning. A couple of things; first, Tom Chewning, you mentioned that the quarter kind of on a normalized basis was about 50 excluding certain things, could you just repeat what you excluded when you gave that number?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Here’s the way you can do it, Steve. The first quarter that we reported operating earnings was $1.53 per share. We had weather hurt our base rate revenues of $0.10, but we picked up $0.04 of share saving by using less fuel, and we had mark-to-market de-designated hedges that remained at $0.22 per share but we also had a mark in our producer services of $0.03 negative. So, the net of those two is that weather on net cost us $0.06 per share and marked gave us $0.19 per share. So, when you add and subtract all that you get $1.50 per share. Those marks that make up the total of $0.19 will all settle in 2006.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Okay, you’ll have some of that reverse out later in the year then?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Yes, we obviously don’t take credit for it from a standpoint of the quarterly earnings.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Correct. In the spirit of giving this kind of number, I’m wondering with the $5.05 to $5.25 for this year guidance give us any sense of what the normalized number is for this year, or is that some for the meeting?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well, we’re not going to get into weather even though we had the weather hurt that first quarter. We know that people don’t care about weather particularly. We’re right on stream for the $5.05 to $5.25 range and there will be no marks of any significance at year end. These will all settle out. So, those marks that we had are more or less meaningless to us. They just mess up a quarter in terms of appearance.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: On the marks, I think the marks ended up impacting your lifting cost number or is that not correct, because it’s in O&M?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Steve, on Schedule 5, we break out O&M and the impact of FAS 133 E&P. So, that O&M variant number is predominantly lifting cost. There is no effect of the mark in lifting.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Okay, so the lifting cost number that you gave in the quarter, which was better than you expected, is a clean number on Schedule 4?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Yes, correct.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Maybe Duane could comment on why that might be better and is that a good sign or is that just a temporary thing.
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: Steve, I’ll be glad to. It was actually at low end of the guidance that we gave mostly because of ab-norm taxes that rolled through, but from a quarter-to-quarter basis, we can look at this way: On pricing alone it was about $0.07 and then according to the way we’re modeling as here it looks like it’s about $0.10 just on higher industry cost, and then the majority of the balance is due to the higher insurance premiums due the hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and we wanted to separate that as a line item, as that will help you. But going forward, we’re now saying $1.50 to $1.60, and we were $1.54 for the quarter.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then just to maybe round out the comments on the fact that you are now going to be issuing some new equity through the stock purchase plan. Tom, you mentioned that’s the kind of fund this E&P investment and then keep a little dry powder for other stuff?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: That’s right. Relatively small stuff because it’s not $140 million, only goes so far, but the monthly cut trips back on in terms of using really newly authorized shares that we would just go ahead and keep that practice on for this year, so obviously investments will offset the additional shares for the year, so there is no change in earnings, but we should get up a little bit or at least keep up with credit metrics.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Citigroup.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: Okay, I’m going to ask one of the questions that was already asked but a little bit differently. When you look at the impact of business interruption insurance, net of all the mark-to-market and the de-designated hedges, we know it’s going to be pretty hard to model that quarter by quarter, but over the course of the whole fiscal year can you refresh our memory as to how much of that is in the $5.05 to $5.25 guidance that sort of rolls through and is gone at the end of 2006?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Greg, we incorporated our assumption for BI in the full-year guidance with our production increase, because at the time we weren’t precisely sure of the early return to production or what really our claims were going to be. We’re still not willing to disclose the actual amount that’s built into our assumption, but I think you can expect on May 22nd that we’re going to provide some point of view on 2006 normalized, so you can measure what the structural uplifts are translated for 2007 and beyond.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: I’ve got a question for Tom Farrell, I think especially with the new legal regulatory structure in Virginia, as I talked to investors there’s an increasing buzz around the concept of “when you to feed the rate freeze,” the concept of having a BTU hedge between the E&P business and the utility business, was something that you thought created a strategic underpinning for keeping the E&P business and the utility businesses and the merchant power businesses all part of the same corporate entity, as you approach your May 22nd analyst meeting it’s increasingly less clear, especially with the fuel adjustment clause having been re-implemented, that that strategic rationale still exists. So, are we going to hear some comments from you in that meeting with regard to whether or not your strategy on the corporate profile has changed at all?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Greg, I thought you were going to ask me about whether the Booker Shaw Fergusson was really all that good…there are two rationales for our support of the change in the way fuel is reimbursed to us for our Virginia utility. The first was to eliminate the volatility to the customers and the uncertainty around getting the number right for all of us, allowed the deferral to ease any increases as they may or may not come, and to ensure that in the post-setting environment that we weren’t taking under-recovery fuel cost anymore. So, basically, it takes this thing out of our earnings and puts it back into regulatory expense. The other part of it was to increase our flexibility across Dominion on what we decide to do with all these assets as we go forward. You sure expect to hear some discussion around that when we get to Boston.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: Okay thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hu Win with Sanford Bernstein.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: Hi, just a clarification on something you already explained. The normalized number for the first quarter was $1.50 and you pointed out that the weather hurt your base rate revenues by $0.10 but you say $0.04 for using less fuel. But the second component of that was the adjustment for the mark-to-market of the ineffective hedges. I was just going to ask if you could repeat the calculations that went into that adjustment.
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: There were $0.22 positive on those volumes of those contracts and there was a $0.03 negative marked in another part of the company on another transportation position. So, net non-cash items that were mark-to-market were $0.19 and all of those were reversed in 2006. So, it is not a part of the annual normalized $5.05 to $5.25 factor, because they will also reverse this year. As that was an answer in Steve Fleishman’s question earlier, even though we were $0.06 down to weather, we don’t consider that to change our normalized $5.05 to $5.25.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: So you had a $0.22 gain on ineffective hedges basically in the E&P segment and then a $0.03 loss on ineffective hedges related to transportation costs, is that correct?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Transportation positions in Dominion Energy.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: And then related to the comments you made on the equity issuance and the trip, what is the expected share count average diluted shares outstanding for the year now?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: We hadn’t recalculated that, Hu, but being that it would only add 2 million shares over the course of nine months you can expect it to be in the range of a million or so in addition to our original assumption.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: Which was?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: 351.4.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, so something like 352.4 going forward?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Something like that.
Hu Win, Sanford C. Bernstein: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul Fremont, Jefferies & Co: Thanks, really two questions. One is, I guess on page 12 or Schedule 5, you’ve got FAS 133 hedge ineffectiveness at $0.37 for the quarter. I’m just trying to get a sense of what that number is for the year, is that what you’re going to talk about more at the May 22nd meeting or is it possible to get a sense of what that number is likely to be for the year?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: It’s not going to be zero for the year, Paul, and that $0.37 is a comparison of between the first quarter of last year where there was a negative mark, which would have been $0.15 negative, and this year $0.19 and whatever, the difference is $0.18. That’s a comparison quarter to quarter, a negative mark last year and a positive mark this year, but I want to reiterate, those entirely timing issues, all of the contracts associated with it, whether they are the oil and gas contracts and E&P of the transportation and position and energy will reverse. There will be no impact for the year.
Paul Fremont, Jefferies & Co: Okay. And then the second question I have is, looking at O&M, it looks as if delivery O&M is up pretty substantially and generation O&M is down substantially, is that sort of the result of a reclassification or are there other drivers there?
Joseph O’Hare, Director, Investor Relations: Paul, this is Joe, that’s something that’s going to be discussed in the 10-Q that’s filed this afternoon. If we could just take that offline I’d appreciate that.
Paul Fremont, Jefferies & Co: Okay.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. On the E&P side I guess the oil volumes were very good, I don’t know if Duane can give a little more color on how he was able to get so far ahead of schedule for the quarter and any projection for the year on sustainability of oil at these levels?
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: Sure Dan, I’d be glad to. First of all, a lot of that was driven by Devil’s Tower. If you remember as we were ending 2005, we were a little bit of ahead of schedule on how we were able to mitigate some of the shut in production, so that carried forward into January particularly. Then, in addition to that, the actual performance of the wells is above what we had modeled from a reservoir standpoint and continues today to see that. So that’s been a big driver there. Then Rigel Seventeen Hands came on one month early and then some of the onshore assets continue to perform very good.
Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse: Got it. Can you guys give a little more color on Dominion Exploration & Production, it looks like volumes were flat in your production respectively year over year, you guys have been a bit more active in history in that region…
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: I’m not certain which schedule, but generally the…when I say barely grows, it’s a nature of it, because it’s very low rate, I think our current plans are to drill 250-300 wells and we would expect certainly by the end of the year to have some marginal growth in…like we’ve had each of the last couple of years as we continue to expand that program, but it’s very small.
Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse: And I guess for one of the Tom’s, you guys did a very good job as far as incrementally positive hedge particularly on the power side. You guys have any feel for how much LICAP has already being leaned into forward commodity prices as you the producer have demanded some payments if you’re going to walk into capacity right now?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Well the hedges that we’ve done there, Dan…the direct answer to your question, I don’t know the answer to it, but I can tell you that very little of the hedging that you see for the out years of 708 have to do with capacity. Those are energy hedges that we have added, which leave the way the capacity payments that work who has the ownership of that capacity, whether that’s by actual ownership or by contract right, we’ll get the payments. So, we intend to try to hang onto the capacity. So the hedges you’re seeing there are largely energy only.
Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse: So, if we were to front run May 22nd, we should assume that the bulk of our output or the bulk of your capacity will still be a beneficiary for those LICAP changes?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Yes.
Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse: Got it, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Again, if anybody would like to ask a question, please press the “*” followed by “1” on your touchtone phone. Again, “*” followed by “1” if you would like to ask a question. Our next question comes from Paul Rizdon from KeyBanc.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. You mentioned you’re looking at your portfolio of assets to see which ones make sense. How far long are you on that process, and can you give us what flavor these assets are?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: We are looking at every asset we have. We haven’t said let’s go concentrate on this or concentrate on that. We’re going through the portfolio, not saying let’s look at our overall delivery business, our overall generation business or whatever. We’re looking at each one of the component pieces to make the decision as to whether it’s really improving on our return on invested capital. The reason I mentioned the long-term incentive plans was traditionally utility companies when they give up long-term plans they tend to give restricted stock, which rewards you for staying around. We do have a restricted stock component in the program, but 50% of the long-term program is now based on like we said, putting our money where our mouths are, which is to increase our total shareholder return compared to our peer groups and to increase our return on invested capital. So, we’re very focused on that, but I don’t have anything to tell you about what the next asset will be or whether there will be another asset. We’re going to go through it systematically. We’re not going to do anything in a rush. We don’t have anything to announce on that and we’ll just continue to go along with it as time goes by.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Second question; how should we think about the interplay between production coming on early and the receipt of business interruption insurance for lost production, is there a kind of an offset there and do you still expect the combination of BI and production to be at the same level or has the accelerated recovery of production look to get up a little bit?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: That’s a great question, but yes, there’s a direct relationship between early recovery of production and reduction of our insurance claims, but as of now we have not changed our outlook for the total combination of those two items for 2006.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can we get an update on what you’re seeing with regards to the insurability of offshore production and how you think about that strategically going forward as the current policies start to expire?
Scott Hetzer, Group Vice President & Controller: Paul this is Scott Hetzer. We are currently in discussion with our London carriers. Clearly capacity is going down as a result of the last two years and prices are going up. It’s too early to comment on specific impact. We do have conservative assumptions in our guidance for the year and we’ll give you more details as we have them.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Soler with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley: Good morning Tom. I had three questions and the first question is just on the tax rate. We were looking through pages 14 and 19 this morning and on the GAAP income statement the effective tax rate is 27.6% and then it’s in the higher 30s on the recurrent earnings schedule on page 19 of the package this morning. What’s the difference there and what should we use as a normalized rate?
Steve Rogers, Vice President & Controller: Scott, this is Steve Rogers. You should use the 36% as a normalized rate. The reason the rate is low in the first quarter is because of the sale of Peoples & Hope. We had some adjustments to our deferred taxes and we realized some benefits on the reserves we had set up on the telecom write off and it was a net benefit and it reduced the rate for the quarter, but ongoing we expect more of a normal rate like what you’re seeing over time.
Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley: Okay, that makes sense. And then either Tom or Duane, your lifting the DD&A cost towards the lower end of the guided range, that’s very good and we were just curious, is it much too early in the year when you’re looking out at what you think your capital spending is going to be and also what your production costs are going to be to make an assumption that that will still be tracking in the lower end of the guided range?
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: Tom, I’ll take that. It is too early obviously after the first quarter. The main driver on the production cost was the fact of commodity prices going down. Other than that, the things that are fixed and variable came in pretty much as to what we said. So, I’d stick with the guidance that we gave you, not necessarily drive towards the low end.
Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley: So, Duane, it was mainly just taxes?
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: That’s exactly right, and the DD&A came in right in the middle of the guidance.
Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley: Okay, on your compensation plan, that’s great that you’re already geared to return on capital, what I was curious about, Tom, on the other half when you were talking about total shareholder return were you referring to simply earnings growth plus yield as many utilities look it. Are you more specific just talking about the share price performance versus the peer group?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Share price and dividends together. That’s our definition of it for this compensation claim.
Scott Soler, Morgan Stanley: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Sam Brothwell with Wachovia Securities.
Sam Brothwell, Wachovia Securities: Hi good morning, most of mine have been covered, but can you give us any color with respect to the compensation claim on who makes up that peer group?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: It’s who you would expect. I don’t have the list sitting here in front of me. It was approved by Board Compensation Committee. I know TXU is in it…Progress, AEP, TXU, Entity, FPL, Duke, Southern, Exelon, UniSource, PPL, and FirstEnergy.
Sam Brothwell, Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from David Schanzer with Janney Montgomery Scott.
David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi, good morning. A couple of fairly quick questions; you had indicated that in the Gulf production up to about 95% of pre-hurricane levels, how long does it take to go from 95% to 100% or has there been permanent damage and you won’t be able to reach it. Could you give us a little color on that?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Duane, I think you could answer that.
Duane C. Radtke, President and CEO, Dominion Exploration: We have about 15 million a day shut in, some of the platforms actually have to be replaced, but we would expect by the end of the year or very early 2007 we’d have about ten of that back, five of that may never come back. We just don’t have enough technical information on it yet, but it’s very minor. We certainly won’t change anything because of it.
David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott: And then as far as your nuclear capacity being at 95% through the quarter or at the end of the quarter, what is the cooling season look like and will all your nuclear units be available?
Mark F. McGettrick, President and CEO, Dominion Generation: This is Mark McGettrick, yes, all those units will be available for cooling.
David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great. And then in the reassessment of assets that you talked about, would that encompass potentially a change from the previous main-to-main strategy? Would you be looking beyond that strategy when you’re assessing your assets?
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Well, we’re going to talk more about what we’re thinking about on May 22nd…I don’t want to get ahead of that particularly, but it doesn’t mean we’re going to start going to California.
David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott: Understood, we’ll wait until May 22nd, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Paterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Paterson, Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I wanted to sort of check with you…I guess it’s a followup on Paul Rizdon’s question, the strategic review, any timeframe where we think it might be completed and is everything on the table or is there any particular subclass of assets that might be more or less under review than others?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Everything is on the table. Saying that we’d certainly have to keep in mind our obligations in Virginia to serve elective customers, so shedding our Virginia power plant is not a very likely scenario, but other than that we’re taking a look at everything and I don’t have an end frame for you on when we’ll be finished. We’re going to continue to go through it. Another way of amplify it a little bit, for instance in the case of the two LDCs that we are selling, they were good operations but it was a combination of the fact that we didn’t have critical mass in terms of size in those jurisdictions and the market for those assets was extremely strong. Markets change from time to time, so you need to continuously review your opportunities, because may be one quarter or one year the market is not strong for one of your assets, it might be under-earning or that you could part with strategically, and the next year it is. So, it will not only take us sometime to get through but we plan to continuously monitor our opportunities to bring more value to our shareholders. We’ve got great assets and most of them are in great shape, in fact all of them are very positive, but some are more positive than others and then sometimes somebody else wants them more than we do. So, in that case, if we have a good tax position and we don’t lose too much taxes, we bring value to our shareholders by selling.
Paul Paterson, Glenrock Associates: Okay, and the other is a big picture question, we saw obviously TXU make a very large announcement about building not only power plants in this area but also sort of the discussing how it’s potentially going to take the show on the road to TJM, which is the area where you guys operate, and I think of you guys as having a strong field set generation, obviously your market participants, any thoughts?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: We’ve been looking at a coal plant in part of Virginia now for a considerable period of time. I don’t know what TXUs experience is with the regulatory regimes around building coal power plants and the amount of time and effort you have to go through to get the permit for it. So I think it’s going to take a considerable period of time to implement a strategy that’s building large number of coal plants in any region of the country, particularly east of the Mississippi, where all the regulations are in place and a variety of other issues, particularly with states, for example Maryland joined the carbon dioxide issues. So, I thought that announcement was very interesting and we certainly have…probably not the last, the last coal power plant that was commissioned in the United States was commissioned by Dominion, one of any size, and that was in 1995. So, we have a great deal of experience ourselves in these issues. So, we’re looking at one in Virginia. We have looked at other places. Getting it done is a lot harder than talking about it.
Paul Paterson, Glenrock Associates: Absolutely, but in terms of merchant generation or building the merchant generation, now that you guys have…or whatever the successor to LICAP, are you guys thinking of building any merchant generation?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: Not at the moment. The coal power plant we talked about would be under the Virginia Legislation that was adopted in 2004, where we would go to the Commission in advance and get a guaranteed rate of return on the plant before we spent any money or turned over any soil.
Paul Paterson, Glenrock Associates: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Tom O’Neil.
Tom O’Neil: Good morning, just had a quick question on the basis differential. If I’m reading this correctly, this is the hedge price that you incurred to put these on. I’m just curious how that compared to current market and if you could just offer some insight into the widening that takes place as we go further up. Thanks.
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Tom, it’s actually not the cost of the hedge, it’s the average of all our contracts that we have put on to hedge locational basis differential in 2006. You can see that we have about 100 Bcf of unhedged gas that is to be sold. Now we have seen an improvement from what we saw at the end of 2005 and that track is incorporated still in our $5.05 to $5.25, but we haven’t quantified what we’re seeing in the marketplace today, because it’s not quite as easy as discussing Henry Hubb gas, because there are so many delivery points and it’s just a little more complex discussion which we’re going to get into from our perspective again on May 22nd. So, let’s just say that what we see in the market today still supports our earnings guidance and that $0.27 is the average contract price of the hedges that we have on.
Tom O’Neil: Okay, so then the outer years reflect just more expense on hedges being put on more recently.
Thomas F. Farrell, II, President and CEO: Again yes, but consider the fact that their differentials are varied depending on what delivery point has been hedged. Though in the outer years you can actually see that number fluctuate as we’ve put on more hedges, because of where we may put them on.
Tom O’Neil: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. Mr. Chewning, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and CFO: I’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and look forward to seeing many of you on May 22nd. Please enjoy the rest of your day. Good morning.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-31 06:45:00) =====
Executives: Thomas F. Farrell, President and Chief Executive Officer   Thomas N. Chewning Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Duane C. Radtke EVP and EVP, Consolidated Natural Gas Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon   Faisel Kahn   Steven Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse First Boston   Paul Fremont, Jefferies   David Schanzer, Janney Montgomery Scott
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dominion Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We now have Mr. Tom Chewning Dominion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in conference. Please be aware that each of your line is in listen only mode. At the conclusion of Mr. Chewning’s presentation, we will open the floor for question. At that time instructions will be given as procedure to follow, if you would like ask a question. I’ll now turn the conference over to you Mr. Tom Chewning, sir you may begin.
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning and welcome to Dominion fourth quarter 2005, earnings call. Joining me this morning are Tom Farrell our President and CEO and other members of our management team. This morning I’ll first review actual fourth quarter and full 2005 earnings. Tom Farrell will give his review of 2005 operations, as well as offer his perspective on Dominion's focus for 2006. Following Tom's remarks, I will provide 2006 earnings guidance and reconcile the 24 month period from January 1st, 2005, to December 31st, 2006, to the outlook we had discussed during our last call with you on November 3rd, 2005. Before answering your questions, we will offer our current perspective on the drivers that will create a significant uplift in Dominion's earnings in 2007 and beyond. Concurrent with our earnings announcement this morning, we've published several supplemental schedules on our website. We ask that you refer to those exhibits for certain historical quantitative results as well as earnings guidance detail. From time to time during this call we will refer to certain schedules included in our quarterly earnings release or to pages from our 2006 earnings guidance kit, both of which were posted this morning to Dominion's website. That website address is www.dom.com/investors Let me start by providing the usual cautionary language. The earnings release and other matters that may be discussed on the call today contain forward- looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10K and quarterly report on Form 10Q, for discussion of factors that may cause results to differ from management's projections, forecasts, estimates, and expectations. Also on this call, we will discuss the measures about our company's performance that differs from those recognized by GAAP. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP on our Investor Relations website under "GAAP Reconciliation." We're very pleased with our fourth quarter operating earnings of $1.02 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter operating earnings guidance of $0.60 to $0.70 per share. Exceeding our quarterly guidance is directly related to the earlier than expected resumption of hurricane delayed gas and oil production in the Gulf of Mexico. This early return of production resulted in $0.38 per share benefit to earnings. Following the hurricanes, we forecasted fourth quarter production delay totaling 66 Bcf equivalent.  About 23 Bcf equivalent was resumed ahead of our initial projections resulting in a fourth quarter delay of 43 Bcf equivalent. In addition to the early return to production, we recorded a $0.23 per share non-cash market to market gain on hedges that would be designated in Q3 due to the hurricanes. The positive mark is due to lower 2006 gas and oil prices as of December 31st compared to those prices on September 30th. These positives were offset by lower than expected natural gas prices and increased locational basis differentials net of basis hedges. This reduced potential income by $0.17 per share. GAAP earnings for fourth quarter were $0.74 per share. The difference in the quarter between GAAP and operating earnings is primarily attributable to a 51mm dollar impairment of a note receivable related to the 1998 sale of merchant generation facilities to Calpine and $14mm book loss primarily from the sale of the company's equity interest in certain non-core merchant facilities. Full year operating earnings of $4.53 per share exceeded our updated guidance of $4.11 to $4.21 per share provided in November. The difference between actual and guidance is explained by the same factors that reconcile our Q4 actual to guidance. GAAP earnings for 2005 were $3 per share. In addition to Q4 items excluded from operating earnings, the primary difference between GAAP and operating earnings is attributable to the effects of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita discussed on our November call. A reconciliation between quarterly and annual GAAP and operating earnings can be found in Schedule 2 of this morning's earnings release For the 12 months ended December 31st, 2005, funds from operations to interest coverage was 3.7 times. At December 31st, adjusted debt to total cap ratio was 58.1% compared to 59.5% at the end of third quarter. Our available liquidity was $2.2 billion. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tom Farrell for his comments. Tom?
Thomas Farrell, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tom, and good morning everyone. 2005 operations and results met or exceeded the goals we established at the beginning of the year, except for oil and gas production delays resulting directly from hurricanes Katrina and Rita. During 2005 we successfully integrated an additional 3,300 megawatts into our generation fleet, an increase of 13%. This includes Dominion New England with units at Brighton, Manchester, and Salem, as well as the Kewaunee nuclear plant in Wisconsin. It made us the largest generator of electricity in New England. Our nuclear fleet had an outstanding year in 2005, achieving a capacity factor above 92%. In Virginia we achieved record nuclear generating performance of 28.6 million MWh compared to the previous record of 28.3 million MWh accomplished five years ago. All of our merchant nuclear plants exceeded expectations Our fossil units performed extremely well during our first year in PJM, achieving a peak season equivalent availability of 96%, the highest since 2002. At Energy, we successfully integrated into PJM effective May 1st, and met 15 new peak days without any operational incidents. We received approval for new rate structure at Dominion Transmission for a five year period, and mitigated the financial impact through operational efforts, including producer services and near record results in the gathering and by products businesses. The Delivery business in 2005 connected over 75,000 new electric and gas customers, set four new electric load peaks on its system, and saw its four year average annual growth in electric demand increase to almost 4.7%. Virginia continues to have a thriving economy. While meeting this increase in demand we were also able to improve our electric service reliability by 8%. Turning now to our E&P business. During Q4 we were able to restore Gulf of Mexico production from a pre-hurricane level of 435 million cubic feet equivalent per day to over 500 million a day yesterday, utilizing both permanent and temporary repairs. This still leaves about 80 million a day unavailable because of third party infrastructure, but we expect those repairs to be completed by the end of second quarter. We expect additional volumes to come in over the course of the next two quarters and reach a peak rate of about 550 a day by the end of June. During 2005, we had a reserve replacement ratio of 200% at a finding and development cost of $2 in Mcfe. That brings our total reserves at year end to 6.3 Tcfe compared to 5.9 Tcfe at the end of 2004. These reserve levels have been fully reviewed by Ryder Scott, which is the independent auditor for our entire E&P program. During 2005 we drilled 955 net wells in the United States, a new record for Dominion. In 2004 we were the nation's leader in drilling activity. During late 2005 and early this year we have added discoveries for extended new production wells at a variety of locations. Some of the highlights include, Spiderman Well No. 3, our discovery at Q, West Cameron 130, West Cameron 100, Devils Tower is now producing greater than 37,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to Dominion. And we have had multiple discoveries in the deep Anadarko Basin in Western Oklahoma. Our plans for 2006 remain unchanged from what we have said on our last three quarterly calls. We will continue to concentrate on operations, particularly fuel management, as well as oil and gas production. We are setting our E&P production guidance for 2006 in a range of 445 to 455 Bcfe, which compares to 383 Bcfe produced in 2005. The 2005 figure was obviously affected by hurricanes Ivan, Katrina and Rita. There are several factors that keep 2006 forecasted production growth from being even higher. These issues other than perhaps royalty relief will be resolved this year and will not carryover to 2007. They include as I said a moment ago Rita and Katrina, third party infrastructure issues reduce our daily Gulf of Mexico production by about 80 million a day for a total of 10 Bcfe during 2006. All of which we believe is covered by business interruption insurance. Based on the December 31, 2005 strips, we expect to lose about nine Bcfe from our own account because higher prices are causing a phase out of US Government royalty relief. In other words, the oil and gas will be produced, but nine more Bcfe must be credited to Uncle Sam's account to satisfy our royalty obligations. The reduced royalty set aside we enjoyed at lower prices disappears at current price curves. One remaining issue from Ivan will cost us about 4 Bcfe. The main pass oil pipeline will not be finally restored to service until the end of February. Oil performance at the Front Runner wells net of improved production from our onshore gas factories is causing us to reduce our original plan by about 9 Bcfe. As we told you in November, the shape of the Front Runner production has flattened from our initial forecast resulting in lower 2006 results, but increasing our 2007 and 2008 projections. In other words, while less oil will be produced by Front Runner 2006, more will be produced in 2007 and 2008 than we had planned. Tom Chewning mentioned the financial impact on our 2005 results of the basis differentials being experienced by the entire E&P industry. 2005 hurricane season caused the greatest amount of damage to supporting infrastructure in transportation in the history of the Gulf of Mexico. That infrastructure has still not fully recovered. The loss of the infrastructure has caused very significant discounting across a variety of basins as producers compete for limited transportation capacity by reducing their pricing. The differentials cost us about $0.40 in fourth quarter 2005. And the issue is lingering into 2006. Sitting here today, we see as much as $0.30 to $0.40 impact over the course of the entire year. The $0.40 in quarter four of 2005 and maybe as much as $0.40 over the course of all of 2006. The differentials, though, are reverting to the norms we have seen for many years as infrastructure in the Gulf is returned to service. We're confident that the regional pricing differences will be eliminated by year-end. Because of our unique set of assets, we have been able to make up some ground in first quarter 2006 at Dominion Energy through optimization through our storage and pipeline assets and capacity position, in other words being on the other side of some of this discounting. I'd like to turn to 2007, 2008 and 2009. For those years all of the structural drivers we have discussed over the course of 2005 remain unchanged. I want to review several of the most important that will occur as the calendar turns in 11 months. First, our oil and gas production will grow five to 6% annually on average from 2006 through at least 2008. The growth in 2007 over 2006 will exceed that average at a pace of over 10%. The growth drivers are in place and include the expiration of the three volumetric production payment agreements we executed in 2003, 2004 and 2005, returning a total of 43 Bcfe to our own account by the end of 2008. Schedule showing that detail is on our website. But for order of reference, 8 Bs will come back to us in 2006 and 23 Bs will come back to us in 2007. Front Runner and Devils Tower will achieve peak production during the 2006-2008 periods. While Front Runner has cost us some production in 2006, as I said because of the flattening of the curve, we will have a higher production than expected from those eight wells in 2007 and 2008. The 2005 hurricanes have also impacted the service industry in the Gulf. Delays in rig and completion equipment will result in less growth in 2006, but more in 2007 and 2008 than originally planned. The Eastern Gulf of Mexico wells we have previously announced, including Spiderman, San Jacinto, and Q, will come on line during 2007. These wells and their related infrastructure are on their original schedules. Thunder Hawk will come on line in late 2008 or early 2009. We will, of course, have continued onshore expansion. Because of all of this activity, we forecast that our production in 2007 will be in a range of 500 to 515 Bcfe and 520 to 535 Bcfe in 2008. We have taken Uncle Sam's increased royalty set aside caused by present pricing into account in estimating these ranges. So E&P's production potential remains unchanged from earlier forecasts. Second, along with the continued production growth, we will have much higher price realization in 2007, 2008 and beyond. As shown on page 9 of the 2006 earnings guidance kit, our average realized price for hedge volumes grows from, $4.65 per Mcfe in 2006 to $5.60 in 2007 and to $7.11 in 2008. The un-hedged volumes grow from about 145 Bcfe in 2006 to over 440 Bcfe in 2008. The December 30, 2005, calendar strips for gas were $10.75 per Mcf in 2006, $10.26 in 2007, and $9.37 in 2008. Now, if you compare the December 30, 2005, oil and gas strips for 2007 and 2008 to yesterday's closing strips for the same periods, you'll see that gas is down slightly in 2007, but up slightly in 2008. Oil is actually up significantly in 2007 from what was $64 a barrel at year-end to $68 a barrel on yesterday's 2007 strip, and up from $62.73 for 2008 at year-end to $66.40 on yesterdays forward strip. While 2006 has seen more downward movement, it makes little difference to Dominion because of our hedge positions. So, despite recent movements in the forward curves, all of the E&P growth revenue factors remain unchanged. Third, the average realized price for New England generation will show significant growth over the period. As shown on page ten of the guidance kit, our average pricing at Millstone for the 93% which is hedged in 2006, grows to $55.13 on average a megawatt hour compared to the $40.87 we received on average in 2005. We continue to see a higher price curve for Millstone and our other New England assets in 2007 and 2008. The December 30, 2005, forward curve in NEPOOL for 2007 was $91.83 a megawatt hour and $83.53 in 2008. Also, in New England we expect a significant lift from LICAP in 2007 and beyond. We should be able to give details on LICAP during our May analyst meeting in Boston. In short, the generation revenue growth factors remain unchanged. Fourth, we will reset our fuel recovery factor effective July 1st, 2007. We will enjoy one half year benefit that year with a full year in 2008 and beyond. I would note that last Friday the Virginia State Corporation Commission awarded ADP 100% of its fuel rate increase. The increase in their factor was from $1.42 to $1.785 per kilowatt hour resulting in over a 6% increase in the overall average monthly residential bill. We have no reason to believe that we will be treated any differently. As we've said before, the Virginia Commission has over 30 years of fuel case precedent. These precedents were applied to AEP, and they will be applied to us. The fuel reset growth driver remains unchanged. Finally, in 2008 we should see uplift from at least one half year of the Cove Point expansion with a full year impact in 2009, while the timing of each factor may vary from one quarter to another depending upon when each element occurs. It is highly likely that Dominion's earnings will grow at a very accelerated double digit rate in 2007 over 2006 and beyond. We are confident not only in growth and EPS, but also in cash flow. As a result, the board voted this week to increase our quarterly dividend to $0.69 per share effective this quarter bringing our annual rate to $2.76. This of course is my First Call as Dominion's CEO. While I'm new to the job title, I'm not new to Dominion, its asset base or its business plan. Our strategy, diversifying across geographic regions and the energy chain, was conceived and implemented by our entire senior leadership team. We are pleased with where we are, while recognizing that we can continue to improve. We are making some internal changes that will not be visible to the investment community, but will help us manage our asset base more effectively. You should not expect any dramatic change in Dominion's plans in the near or medium term future. You should expect us to continue to complete our review of our existing assets to ensure that we're delivering premium returns on your invested capital. You should also expect us to continue to achieve best in class or near best in class operational performance. We are intent on delivering earnings and cash flow growth in 2006 and perhaps more importantly 2007, 2008 and 2009. We look forward to working with all of you over the years ahead. Now I will turn the call back over to Tom, who will discuss specifics of our 2006 earnings guidance.
Thomas N. Chewning, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Tom. Our guidance for 2006 is $5.05 to $5.25 per share. When added to the $4.53 per share of actual earnings in 2005, the total 24 months operating earnings for 2005 and 2006 will be $9.58 to $9.78 per share. Page 4 of our 2006 earnings guidance kit reconciles this range to our 24 months outlook discussed during our last call with you on November the 3rd, 2005, which was based on our May 2005 assumptions. The projected total operating earnings of $10 to $10.35 per share less the lost income experience during our business interruption insurance deductible periods. Implicit in our projection is the assumption that other than the deductible periods, earnings related to our pre-hurricane gas and oil production forecast will be recognized either through physical production or through business interruption insurance. We now calculate that the lost income during the deductible periods was $0.25 per share. You can see that we have benefited from higher commodity prices and realizing market prices on volumes of oil and gas de-designated as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Offsetting much of this gain have been large increases in vocational basis differentials. As Tom Farrell mentioned earlier, the potential oil and gas production for 2006 has been reduced by phase out of royalty relief, a longer decline curve for the production at Front Runner, and continued delayed production as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Business interruption insurance costs have grown as a result of the loss experience of our offshore underwriters. The company has lowered the discount rate used in our pension and benefit calculations, which causes an increase in this expense. Finally, please recall that our original 2006 guidance range incorporated upside potential from three drivers integration into PJM, the benefit of the establishment of a LICAP market in New England, and the potential swap of deep water offshore reserves in exchange for onshore natural gas reserves. We integrated into PJM effective May the 1st, so that remains in our 24 month outlook. We've calculated the impact of the delay of LICAP implementation in New England from our previous assumption until October of this year. And we've not been successful in negotiating a swap of offshore reserves for onshore reserves. Practically speaking, we're not pursuing this option any longer. Due to the uncertainty of the receipts and recognition of business interruption proceeds and the quarterly mark-to-market of de-designated hedge volumes, we're not offering quarterly earnings guidance, we will however provide quarterly earnings drivers, you can find these in the 2006 earnings guidance kit on page 7, as we said several times in 2005, Dominion's 2006 would not be a year of earnings growth due to the constraints of legacy hedges and our fixed fuel factor in Virginia. On May 22nd when we share our initial guidance for 2007, you'll see that the company's future earnings power is indeed very strong. Certainly there's been more concentration on 2007 and beyond in the investor community as we get closer in time to those years. Although we normally steer clear of commenting on particular analyst views or market speculation, today we offer Dominion's perspective on a few items of interest. First, in developing our five year financial plan, we have included substantial increases in operating costs for our oil and gas production. To exclude a rising cost structure for E&P, would be to ignore recent experience as well as evidence that links rising prices received with both variable and fixed price increases. We will supply you with our specific assumptions for E&P price increases for 2007 in our May 22nd meeting. For 2006 earnings guidance, we've included increased lifting costs of 20% over those experienced in 2005. Further, we have included a 15% increase over 2005 in finding and development costs for 2006. The market rumors have it that we are selling assets and that we are doing so to avoid selling equity. It is our continued practice to not address specific market rumors, nor to discuss either the sale or purchase of assets except at the point when an agreement has been finalized by all parties. We will continue to purchase assets when our expected return criteria are met, the financial metrics of the investment meet rating agency ratios for the perceived risk, and the resulting income is accretive to our earnings. On the other hand, we will seek to sell assets when we feel that the resulting after-tax proceeds would be sufficient to maintain or improve our financial metrics and result in earnings accretion when compared to future earnings forecast. The company stated recently that we have no intention of issuing additional equity in a response to a recent downgrade of our securities by one rating agency. However, it is not correct to link any potential asset sales to this statement. We have no commitments to any rating agency to issue equity or to reduce debt by any specific date. Whether the company sells assets or not in 2006, we will not sell additional equity to support our 2006 planned CapEx and dividend requirements. Of course if we do acquire incremental assets outside of our present portfolio, we model these purchases with appropriate additional equity. This concludes our prepared remarks and we will happy to undertake your questions.
Operator: At this time we will open the call for questions. If you would like to ask a question please press the “*” followed by the “1” key on the touchtone phone now, if any time you would like to remove yourself from the questioning queue please press “*”, “2”. The first question comes from Greg Gordon.
Q - Gregory Gordon: Hi good morning guys.
A - Duane Radtke: Good morning Greg.
Q - Gregory Gordon: Good morning. On the, just sort of make sure I heard it right. You guys did actual production in Q4 95 Bs; correct?
A - Duane Radtke: That's correct.
Q - Gregory Gordon: And you indicated that you had 43 Bs of production interrupted. Am I recalling that correctly as well?
A - Duane Radtke: Yes. Greg, this is Duane. Yes.
Q - Gregory Gordon: So I still don't understand exactly how we reconcile that with your production forecast if we assume that you're back to your prior level of forecasted production by fiscal year ‘07, that would be a run rate still significantly in excess of your 5 to 515 Bcfe production forecast today. You did indicate in your comments, Tom that you were backing off or netting against your production forecast, the royalty reduction impact. But can you reconcile why the forecast doesn't seem to, seems to be conservative relative to sort of the pre Katrina pre Rita expected production?
A - Duane Radtke: Sure Greg. What you’re doing and you're absolutely correct, in fourth quarter that would have added up to close to 140 Bs, but that would have been peak production. I mean, we don't ever keep, those Gulf of Mexico wells, they decline relatively rapidly. So you're looking at the peak and taking it times four. When you actually look at the average production, it would have been substantially less than that and into our forecast. What we've essentially done and you in some of your analysis had looked at it and said you had expected more than 5% to 6% in 2006. What really happens is because of the delays, that all moves to 2007.
Q - Gregory Gordon: Okay, thanks.
A - Duane Radtke: It's a timing issue then.
Q - Gregory Gordon: Understood. We have additional questions. Actually Faisel Kahn has got a few questions. Faisel?
Q - Faisel Kahn: Yeah, Duane, do you have an updated reserve amount for your proof probable on possible reserves? And can you talk about where most of your proved reserves growth came from for the year, and what's your peak proved developed producing to PUD ratio?
A - Duane Radtke: Sure. Let's, first of all talk, I don't have the probable, possible. We're in the process of finalizing it, but it should be somewhere similar or a little bit larger than what we had a couple years ago. We've normally only done it every couple of years, but it would be probably over 4Ts probable and possible, in that range. And on the reserve additions it was pretty much across the board except in the Gulf of Mexico, and that's due to timing of when you book the reserves. You know, earlier we booked a lot of the Front Runner, Devils Tower reserves. We spent the money last year and some of it this year. So that's just a timing issue. But the programs across the board have done very, very well. We can get you the undeveloped to do, but it was somewhere in the 25% to 30% range which I think will put us certainly below the midpoint of most of the companies.
Q - Faisel Kahn: Okay. And then can you talk about these deep wells in Oklahoma? How big are these wells? What kind of reserves are you talking about with these wells?
A - Duane Radtke: Yeah. It's a program we actually started about 18 months ago in the deeper Anadarko. We currently have four rigs. We've been accumulating a lot of acreage, so we haven't said anything. But we have four rigs running there. A typical well is four to $8 million, and we're talking five to ten Bcf, but we have quite a bit of acreage there. It's been a very successful program for us.
Q - Faisel Kahn: Thank you.
A - Duane Radtke: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Merrill Lynch.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Hi guys.
A - Thomas Farrell: Hi, good morning, Steven.
Q - Steven Fleishman: A couple of questions. First, on the locational basis differential, sounds like you expect kind of same impact 2006 versus 2005. I’d be curious, though, how much are you, how can you be confident that there isn't going to be some ongoing basis differential? We used to model one in a year or so ago for your E&P, and then it kind of had went away versus Henry Hub. Should we assume there's going to be some ongoing basis differential?
A - Thomas Farrell: Steve, we think it's going to stay through the course of the year and decrease in pieces and parts as it goes along as more infrastructure comes online resulting from last year's hurricanes. There's, as I said, we saw $0.40 in the fourth quarter, and we're looking forward. We think it will be somewhere between $0.30 and $0.40 total for the year. So obviously it will be decreasing as we go along. We believe, we can't guarantee, but we believe that the differential will revert to the norms that you see traditionally by the end of the year.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then secondly, the marketplace on de-designated hedge volume number, the dollar over the two years, how does that break out between 2005 and 2006? It's not really mentioned as a factor in the 2006 to 2005 differential.
A - Joe: Steve, this is Joe. We haven't de-computed what the benefit of the early return to production; say from at market price was in 2005 versus what we'd expect in 2006. And because the business interruption insurance claims are not final yet, we just haven't parsed that amount out between either year or claims versus early return to production. It's just we expect to recognize the de-designated amount in both of those fashions?
A - Thomas Chewning: One of the things obviously that we did have a gain this year not only in mark-to-market at year end, but part of it also was marked in October, November and December from the mark. So somewhere in the neighborhood of about half of it, Steve.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Is already in there, okay.
A - Thomas Chewning: For 2005, and we've accounted for in terms of our prices received in ‘06. So it reconciles to the 24 months.
A - Thomas Farrell: That's right. You also do see it in price from the early return to production in 2005.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay.
A - Thomas Chewning: Those three pieces.
Q - Steven Fleishman: Okay thank you.
A - Thomas Chewning: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hugh Wynne with Sanford Bernstein.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Hi.
A - Thomas Chewning: Hi, Hugh.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Hi, Just a quick question, if I could, on page 8 of your 2006 earnings guidance kit of the reconciliation of 2005 operating earnings to the 2006 guidance range. The line for E&P production and BI insurance is about $0.95 to $1.05. I guess it's correct to say that this is your collection of business interruption insurance in 2006 in excess of production losses in 2006. In other words, it's collection of BI insurance for production lost in 2005?
A - Thomas Chewning: Correct.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay. So when we subtract that out from the 505 to 525 guidance range to come up at what you might think of ongoing earnings power in the absence of BI insurance collections, we're down then to something closer to $4.25.?
A - Thomas Chewning: It’s not all BI. It's production growth and BI. I don't think that model is going to work, Hugh. I think we can work with you offline, but I think 2006 versus 2007 that we can reconcile and we will in May in terms of mainly a production uplift. We do, as we’ve mentioned earlier, we do have a fairly significant uplift in production in ‘06 versus ‘05 in addition to collecting some of the BI insurance claims. So that number.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay. So what is the, what is the breakdown?
A - Thomas Chewning: We didn't want to break that down. You can appreciate the fact that we still have negotiations in front of us with insurance underwriters. So we deliberately lump those together.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Okay. Is there, is there a figure beyond which the insurance underwriters wouldn't even considering cutting a check that we can perhaps use here to figure out what portion of the increase is…
A - Thomas Chewning: Probably.
Q - Hugh Wynne: Alright, I will call back latter.
A - Thomas Chewning: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse First Boston.
Q - Daniel Eggers: Hi good morning.
A - Thomas Farrell: Good morning Dan.
Q - Daniel Eggers: First question is on, hedging philosophy going forward, if you could give a little more color. Obviously you guys didn't really add the hedges anywhere in the fourth quarter. How were you thinking about what the right hedge percentages need to be for E&P for the merchant generation business, and then along those lines what kind of imputed or implied returns on capital do you guys want to target as you think about future investment in those businesses?
A - Thomas Farrell: Hugh, I'm sorry. I apologize, Dan. We don't plan on changing our previously announced hedging policy. If you look at the percentages, as you go out into the future, we're hedged at about levels right about the levels we said we would be as we exited one year going into the other when you take into account the internal hedges. So we're hedged about where we thought we would be for ‘06, ‘07 and ‘08. And as we go through the year we will continue to roll into more hedges. We're going to probably shape them a little bit differently than we have in the past, but the percentages will fall in those categories that we've talked about previously. Returns on invested capital will vary from business unit to business unit depending upon what the risks are that we're looking at. But all of them are going to be seeking, anything we do, anything we invest in is going to be seeking to increase the returns on invested capital, and that's one of the reasons why we're looking at all of our assets to see what's dragging on our return on invested capital. And if they are drags, then we're looking at disposing of them. But giving you a specific target number, I'm not sure we'll do that in this morning's call. We're not interested in investing something that's not going to improve the return on vested capital unless it's obviously maintenance related.
Q - Daniel Eggers: When you talk about, no major shifts or no asset sales in the short or near term, I think is what you said, any handle on what near term can be translated into meaning?
A - Thomas Chewning: I didn't, first, I don't believe I said there wouldn't be any asset sales in the near term. We're not commenting one way or another on anything we're looking at selling or anything we're looking at buying. What I was trying to convey was that the business model that Dominion has and has developed over the last ten years, our geographic region focus, not different assets scattered around the world or in widely disparate regions of the United States, fully integrated across the energy chain from E&P, pipelines, distribution systems, generating assets, electric transmission, gas storage, LNG importation facilities. That business plan wasn't dreamed up by a single individual or implemented by a single individual. It was carried out, it was thought up and carried out by a group of folks all of whom are still here or most of whom are still here. We intend to continue forward with that plan. As we go along, there are certain aspects of it that we are thinking about whether it should be, we should shade them differently or do something a little bit differently. But we're not going to do anything about that in the near term. I think I'll just leave the definitions up to you, but the near mid-term are certainly for a course of many months.
Q - Daniel Eggers: Got it. And then not taking too much time, but one last one. You mentioned AEP's success with their Virginia fuel clause. Given that it's been pretty contentious in other states with the transition and passing on rate increases for the first time in a number of years, which you guys will be facing, how are you going about dealing with the commission, dealing with your various stakeholders to brace people for the increases coming?
A - Thomas Farrell: Well, we have met with lots of people. We have kept the staff informed, the staff of the commission informed about the programs that we are implementing on coal purchases and other things. They're kept informed of the performance of our generating units over the period. They're kept informed of the growth we have. They see the actual fuel expense. So everybody, everybody is kept very well informed on these issues. We need to keep all this in orders of magnitude. The electric customers in Virginia aren't going to see anything near what's happening to gas customers here and in other states. Some of the fuel requests that we saw I think we mentioned in the third quarter call, I had seen one in Florida seeking a 20% increase. I mean, ours are not going to be anywhere near that order of magnitude. And also recall in Virginia the average monthly bill, including fuel today, is only about $85 a month.
Q - Daniel Eggers: Got it, thank you.
A - Thomas Farrell: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
A - Thomas Chewning: Hi, Paul.
Q - Paul Fremont: A couple of questions. The first, I guess, relates to, it looks as if there's a fairly significant increase in the amount of spending, CapEx spending, that you plan on doing in the E&P business. If I take sort of Tom Chewning's earlier comment, should we assume that additional spending will all be debt financed, it looks like about a $500 million increase?
A - Thomas Chewning: Yes, Paul. I'd like to, if you give me a minute or around a minute. I know people have already taken a look and said you had negative cash flow in 2005 and you still have it in 2006. First it's always desirable to run a company to be free cash flow positive after CapEx and dividends, and we're committed to doing that. Obviously there's two areas of capital expend, maintenance and growth. We must continue a fairly high level of maintenance CapEx. As we define maintenance CapEx, part of that is replacing lost production, and as you know, the cost of replacing that production has risen significantly in the last couple of years. The interesting phenomenon for us is that because of our legacy hedges we're not able to receive the cash flow that's commensurate with the market prices and yet we're paying the capital costs to drill at current market rates. That's not a good thing for us, but we will wear out of that in ‘07 and ‘08. Also, it's interesting that our cash flow has been impacted by the fuel factor in Virginia. We began to work out of half of that in ‘07 and the other half in ‘08. And then thirdly, part of our growth CapEx next year is the Cove Point expansion, which doesn't return any cash flow until mid year or later in 2008, as well as increased spending at Dresden, another plant which doesn't come on line until ‘07. So Paul, we would be foolish to tell you that we don't, we won't be spending at these capital levels. We will not make a long-term CapEx decision based upon a short-term goal of being cash flow positive, although it is certainly our goal, we would expect to be about breakeven in 2007 and very positive in 2008 as a result of higher cash flows and some lower growth CapEx figures.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay. Then the second question is, in terms of, in terms of the hedging gains, I just want to understand, in terms of the accounting, is, is a significant amount of that showing up agency the FAS 133 hedge ineffectiveness credit that you're showing under, I guess as a credit to O&M in the E&P business, or is that something else?
A - Thomas Farrell: Paul, can I ask you what schedule you're referring to?
Q - Paul Fremont: I guess it's page 14. It looks like it's a 60 million benefit from 2004 to 2005.
A - Thomas Chewning: That must be it. I believe that's the line item where it would be, yes.
Q - Paul Fremont: And just so I understand you, when I look at 2006 there will be a similar amount of credit in roughly in 2006 as there was in 2005?
A - Thomas Chewning: Could you ask, ask that question again.
Q - Paul Fremont: Should we expect a similar credit to O&M in 2006 based on your guidance of that expected benefit that you plan on recognizing $1 over I think, over the two year period?
A - Thomas Farrell: Hi, Paul. Would you please, I will call you back after the call and try to go through the details of that question. It's just not clear. So I think it would be more productive if we just took it offline.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay. And then the last question I have is, generally I'm not sure I understand, it looks like a lot of the hedges in 2005 for the non-regulated businesses were being booked in VEPCO. I just don't understand the rationale there.
A - Thomas Farrell: Paul, I don’t know if you're talking about some of those hedges being done at VPEM, and if you are, that was causing a large negative market in Virginia Power, but not at Dominion consolidated.
Q - Paul Fremont: Okay. So those would only be then generation hedges? Those would not be for any of the other businesses?
A - Thomas Farrell: There's a lot of generation, but it doesn't mean it's all generation. Importantly VPEM was moved out of Virginia Power and into Dominion at the end of the year and we filed an 8-K giving details. It's significantly improved both debt and equity for Virginia Power and net income as well.
Q - Paul Fremont: So at least, on a going forward basis the Virginia Power financial statements won't show significant activity for hedges?
A - Thomas Farrell: That is correct.
Q - Paul Fremont: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you the next question is from David Schanzer with Janney Montgomery Scott.
A - Thomas Farrell: Okay, Hi David.
Q - David Schanzer: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. Could you give me an idea of what the capacity factors were for both generation nuclear units and utility nuclear units?
A - Thomas Farrell: The nuclear capacity factors were 92% in 2005 for the nuclear units. And on the fossil units, equivalent availability is probably a better indicator; it’s about 96% as Tom said, in the peak season. If you look at the big coal units for the utility, capacity factors were about 79% and if you look at the small coal unit’s capacity factors were about 72%.
Q - David Schanzer: Okay, great. Also, has there been any attempt at resolving the dispute between Dominion and WGL with regard to the negative impact of unblended LNG as it goes through their pipes?
A - Thomas Farrell: No.
Q - David Schanzer: Okay. You don't have a schedule for resolving that, I take it, or you're not just addressing it?
A - Thomas Farrell: We'll let FERC resolve it.
Q - David Schanzer: Okay.
A - Thomas Farrell: We're not going to resolve it with Washington Gas Light.
Q - David Schanzer: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman we have reached the end of our allotted time and Mr. Chewning do you have any closing remarks.
Thomas N. Chewning Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Just a couple of notes, we expect to file our form 10-K with the SEC on March 1st. Our first quarter Earnings Conference Call, is scheduled for 10:00 AM Wednesday, May the 3rd. And let me give you one more reminder of our Spring Analyst Meeting to be held in Boston. It will be on Monday, May 22nd. Those who’ll be for rest of the day good morning.
Operator: Thank you. That thus concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
